April 5 Widepoint Corp
* Nokomis Capital, L.L.C reports 15.4 percent stake in Widepoint Corp as of April 3, 2017
* Nokomis Capital L.L.C. - Purchased common stock of Widepoint Corp based on belief that the common stock, when purchased, was undervalued
* Nokomis Capital L.L.C. - Have engaged, intend to continue to engage, in discussions with Widepoint's management, board regarding composition of board, senior management team Source text: [bit.ly/2oE3XP7] Further company coverage:
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte will abolish the Presidential Commission for the Urban Poor (PCUP), according to Malacanang on Tuesday.
In a press conference, Palace spokesman Harry Roque said Duterte mentioned that PCUP was notorious for junkets abroad, and has not met as a collegial body.
“The President stated two grounds behind his decision to abolish the commission. Number one, it is, according to him, a collegial body, and they have not met as a collegial body. Number two, the commissioners are notorious for junkets abroad. This kind of work performance has no place in the Duterte administration,” said Roque.
Roque said that “this latest decision of the President to abolish the PCUP, among others, for unnecessary junkets of its officials, prove beyond doubt that the President is very serious in his anti-corruption campaign.”
“We reiterate, we are serious about the drive against the corruption in government,” said Roque.
Roque said it was he who informed PCUP chairman Terry Ridon about the impending abolition of his agency.
Dr. Clayton Lawrence earned three top-five finishes competing in his first bodybuilding competition, the Jay Cutler Classic, in Richmond, VA.
Dr. Lawrence earns three top five finishes in Jay Cutler Bodybuilding Classic
Contact
Dr. Clayton Lawrence
202-349-4089
***@leap4staffing.com Dr. Clayton Lawrence202-349-4089
End
-- On Saturday, August 12, Dr. Clayton Lawrence, Founder and Chairman of LEAP Foundation DC and President and CEO of Lawrence Executive Alliance of Professionals (LEAP), competed in his first bodybuilding competition. The Jay Cutler Classic, hosted by the four-time Mr. Olympia himself, Mr. Jay Cutler, was held in Richmond, Virginia, and both national and international athletes alike came to compete.Dr. Lawrence, the avid endurance athlete making his debut into the sport of bodybuilding, earned three top-five finishes in three different categories. Lawrence earned 2place in the Men's Classic Physique Masters, 3place in the Men's Classic Physique True Novice, and 5place in the Men's Classic Physique Open. Aside from his top-five finishes, Lawrence also had the privilege to meet Jay Cutler. "I was extremely inspired to meet a man who I consider to be a role model in the fitness industry, as a fierce competitor and as the four-time Mr. Olympia," Lawrence commented.One of the most meaningful, self-proclaimed accomplishments for Lawrence during the competition was overcoming the fear of the competition process. Lawrence shared, "Getting past the insecurity of people looking at your imperfections is difficult and overwhelming."He continued, "When you're young and have to give speeches, one of the pieces of advice people are often given is to imagine the audience as if they were naked, but in the case of bodybuilding, you are the one undressed."Dr. Lawrence's coach, Kalil Zaky, captured a portion of his posing performance in a short video, which can be viewed at https://vimeo.com/ 229514832 . "Moving past the insecurities and discomfort of the moment is what attaining true health and wellness is about. You cannot meet your goals of change if you are unwilling to move past your comfort zones," Lawrence stated."I am incredibly thankful to my family, friends, and coach who continue to provide me with indispensable support. If it were not for them, I would not be able to continue becoming the very best version of myself," Lawrence concluded.To learn more about Dr. Lawrence's health and wellness journey, please visit www.leapfoundationdc.org.
KIEV: The IMF's chief to Ukraine told Kiev on Tuesday its pension system was unsustainable because it supported nearly a third of the population and must limit the number of retirees.
The International Monetary Fund has long pressed Ukraine to tackle its budget-draining social welfare program for retired workers as part of a broader overhaul that could get future lending from the West back on track.
“The discussion of pension system reforms has been delayed for too long,” Ukraine's IMF mission chief Ron van Rooden told the Ukrainska Pravda news website.
The former Soviet country is clawing its way out of a deep two-year recession that was fanned by heavy spending on fighting a Russian-backed eastern separatist insurgency in which Kiev's major industries fell into rebel hands.
But its needs foreign financial help to repay outstanding loans and pursue an economic policy that could temper inflation while achieving sustainable growth.
The Ukrainian government has strongly resisted raising its pension age—which now stands at 57 for women and 60 for men—because the measure is deeply unpopular with voters who have already seen many of their social benefits cut.
The proposal would also have trouble passing a parliament in which populist and nationalist lawmakers hold a considerable share of the seats.
Yet van Rooden stressed that the pension system remained a considerable concern because it supported 30 percent of the population and was operating at a loss.
“Ukrainians retire much earlier than workers in other countries in this part of the world,” van Rooden was quoted as saying.
“The average pension age for men is 58.5 years, and for women—slightly more than 56.”
He said both figures were about five years below the European Union average.
Van Rooden did not explicitly say that Ukraine must raise its pension age or that such a requirement was a precondition for future loan disbursements under a $17.5 billion (16.4 billion euro) program agreed in 2015.
He suggested that the number of pensioners could be reduced by limiting the number of early retirements.
Van Rooden added that the system must be filled with more money by targeting companies and enterprises that avoid paying their pension tax.
Ukraine hopes to secure another $4.5 billion from the Fund this year.
But the IMF warned when releasing its last $1.0 billion tranche payment in April that Ukraine “has to do much more to recover the lost ground… and to build a modern market economy.” AFP
AFP/CC
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love for ever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you.This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.
A post shared by Virat Kohli (@virat.kohli) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:32am PST
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey.
A post shared by AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on Dec 11, 2017 at 7:32am PST
A post shared by AnushkaSharma1588 (@anushkasharma) on
New Delhi: Now that the most eligible bachelors are betrothed let us have a sneak peek in their wedding ceremony.Check out the pictures of their Mehendi ceremony.They newly married will fly back to India as Mr and Mrs for their reception which is scheduled on December 21 in New Delhi.Check out the invitation card.The invitation cardHashtag VirushkaWEDDING is trending at the top on Twitter with fans pouring in their wishes for the couple. There may be countless heartbreaks tonight all over the country as the most eligible bachelors are now betrothed. Despite the heartbreaks, congratulatory messages are flooding in on social media.The wedding of Virat and Anushka was planned to be a hush-hush affair but since both Virat and Anushka are top-notch celebrities it became quite impossible to do so. The murmurs about the wedding are doing rounds since last week.According to reports, 15 close friends and relatives attended the wedding along with Virat's childhood coach Rajkumar Sharma.The marriage took place at a resort named Borgo Finocchieto in Buonconvento town in the Province of Siena, Italy at around 6 pm (IST). It is reportedly the same place where the Obamas went for a holiday previously this year.Anushka and Virat left for Italy late on Thursday night, giving rise to speculations about their marriage this week. There was no official confirmation from neither Virat nor Anushka but according to reports, it was certain. The couple wanted to keep it a private affair.
Boracay Island in the central Philippines, with its white sand and crystal blue waters, attracts more than a million tourists and an estimated €627 million ($772.5 million) in revenue every year. But the massive tourism on Boracay has caused serious environmental damage to this beautiful island.
A 2015 study by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) showed the coral reef on Boracay has been seriously degraded by tourism-related activities, whereas unregulated commercial development has threatened the island's ecosystem. The study also revealed that the water quality on the island is deteriorating due to the direct discharge of untreated waste water near the shoreline.
Earlier this year, the Boracay Foundation urged the Philippine government to protect the island from further environmental degradation. Last month, President Rodrigo Duterte dubbed Boracay a "cesspool" and threatened to close down the island if the sewage system was not fixed and illegal constructions not shut down within next six months.
Possible closure
Following Duterte's threat, the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) deployed a fact finding team to Boracay Island, which is located about 308 kilometers (190 miles) south of the capital Manila.
"We have drafted a six-month action plan that will address the president's concerns on environmental law compliance, the drainage system and the presence of illegal structures," Rowen Aguirre, executive assistant to Boracay's mayor, told DW.
Aguirre says the local government has begun shutting down businesses that have been operating without a permit.
On March 15, the DENR recommended the closure of the island for one year to give the government "ample time for the undisrupted implementation" of the island's restoration.
Read more:
Filipinos resist China-funded dams amid Beijing's growing clout in Southeast Asia
Filipino fishermen say: Not on our watch
Watch video 03:14 After Haiyan: Planting forests in the Philippines
Confusion
President Duterte has to take a final decision on the island's closure, but the DENR's announcement has caused anxiety and confusion among residents and business owners on Boracay.
"There is a lot of confusion about the closure. Has the central government taken into consideration the impact of Boracay's closure on property owners? What are we, the business owners, supposed to do if the government shuts down the island?" Randall Parker, a US national who owns a resort on Boracay, told DW.
But Crisostomo Aquino, another resort owner, believes the closure would be a bitter pill to swallow for the sake of the island. "I love Boracay very much. The island needs to breathe. It has been molested for too long and it is time to do something to save it. If we must close it down for a while to restore it, I am willing to make a sacrifice," Aquino told DW.
The Philippine government could also declare a "state of calamity" for Boracay Island. According to the country's laws, apart from natural disasters, human-induced destruction could also qualify as "calamity."
"This would allow the government to immediately disburse funds needed for rehabilitation efforts. It will also allow the government to access funds that can be used to support business operators and employees who will be affected by a possible closure," Frederick Alegre, a spokesperson for the Department of Tourism Public Affairs, told DW.
Opposition
While the Boracay cleanup is underway, it is "business as usual" for the business owners on the island.
Elena Tosco Brugger, president of the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry-Boracay, told DW she would do anything to prevent the island's closure.
"We support the president's call to restore the island. But it can be done by cleaning up one area [of the island] at a time. A [complete] closure cannot be justified. It would be a drastic measure that would harm the entire tourism industry and thousands of people who depend on it. What we need now is [a] compromising solution," said Brugger.
Read more:
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte holds to ban on open-pit mining, despite pressure
First living giant shipworm found in Philippines
Philippines struggles to balance environment, mining
May 3 Farmsintez:
* Reported on Tuesday FY 2016 net loss of 897.5 million roubles ($15.68 million) versus loss of 354.8 million roubles year ago
* FY 2016 revenue of 661.3 million roubles versus 331.4 million roubles year ago
* Said that on Feb. 27 the Bank of Russia registered the company's additional share issue of 149.3 million shares, as a result of which Farmsintez received control over Synbio Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 57.2235 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
How can I keep reading?
You've reached an article that is only available to Irish Times subscribers.
Subscribe today and get the full picture for just €1 for the first month.
No obligation, cancel any time.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Animal Hormones Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Scrippslabs, Leebio, Kamiya Biomedical Company.
The Animal Hormones Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Animal Hormones industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-animal-hormones-market/10142/#requestforsample
The Animal Hormones Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Animal Hormones Market Products Type Segmentation : Bovine Hormones, Canine Hormones, Monkey Hormones, Ovine Hormones, Porcine Hormones, Rat Hormones, Others.
Animal Hormones Market Applications Segmentation : Research institutions, Pharmaceutical, Others.
Key Highlights of the Animal Hormones Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-animal-hormones-market/10142/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Animal Hormones market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rekeem Harper was the right man, or boy, for Tony Pulis to turn to during West Bromwich Albion 's 1-0 win over Bournemouth on Saturday.
The 17-year-old became only the second player born this century to feature in a Premier League match when he replaced Sam Field in the 70th minute.
The Cherries had 71 per cent possession,but failed to threaten as Albion executed the manager's counter-attack game-plan to perfection.
And Albion academy graduate Harper reckons it was the perfect game for him to showcase his natural ability.
"I've been waiting ages for this moment and just to get it was really good," Harper said.
"Running on I was so excited and I just wanted to help the team because we were winning at the time and I wanted to help us see out the game and show the fans what I'm made of.
"For my time on the pitch it was very end-to-end, they had a lot of the ball and then we had a lot of the ball.
"We were living off the counter attacks and sitting in, and it was suited to my game really because we were going forward and getting back, going box-to-box.
"Getting in the midfield alongside Claudio (Yacob) and Jake (Livermore) was just a really good experience because they're such great players."
With Albion dropping deeper after the break, following Ahmed Hegazi's first half goal, Harper helped to shore up the midfield and limit Bournemouth to few openings.
Harper is one of several talented teenagers Pulis is hoping to send out on loan this season.
And the young midfielder is determined to make an impact at first team level, with West Brom or elsewhere.
He added: "If I'm here then I want to be pushing into the first team and pushing on from this because I want people to know what I'm about as a player.
"But also, if I'm not here, then I'll be doing my trade in a lower league and showing what I'm made of."
What an amazing Friday at the NV Energy parking lot on W. Sahara just west of Jones. Witness amazing donations from our title Sponsor The Venetian powered by Sands Cares, Nevada State Bank and One Hour Air Conditioning & Heating. Two huge trucks filled with bikes from Claggett & Skyes and the Toy Drive Trifecta, bikes, toys and a big check from Golden Entertainment. Plus, Hey Reb! with Runnin' Rebels head coach Marvin Menzies and UNLV Athletics along with a huge cash donation from “Mindfreak Live” star Criss Angel.
Blue Jays starter Marcus Stroman had a real bounce in his step as he bopped around the spring-training clubhouse on Tuesday. It's the kind of bounce you get when your salary gets a major bounce.
Stroman, 25, won his arbitration case with the Jays and was awarded $3.4 million for this season, an increase from $525,900 in 2016. The Jays had offered $3.1 million. The decision was announced Tuesday following a hearing on Friday before arbitrators Steven Wolf, Jeanne Wood, James Oldham.
Stroman took to Twitter not long after the ruling was released. He said he was “excited” to win the case and “really enjoyed the process.”
He also gave a shout-out to the Jays for “being extremely professional throughout the entire process.”
“Now ... time to get back to work and deliver the fans of TORONTO the World Series they deserve,” he tweeted.
Later he updated that: “Meant to say ... bring CANADA the World Series they deserve. Sorry! Lol”
The 25-year-old right-hander was 9-10 with a 4.37 ERA last year in his first full season following a torn left anterior cruciate ligament.
Excited to win my case. Really enjoyed the process. Shout to my family @us_tla for always having my back. Always stay true to my day ones! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
Shout to the @BlueJays for being extremely professional throughout the entire process as well! — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) February 14, 2017
A nine-year-old boy has shot and wounded his 13-year-old sister after an argument over a video game controller, according to authorities in Mississippi.
Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said the girl would not give up the video game controller when her brother wanted it on Saturday.
He said the boy shot the girl in the back of the head and that the bullet entered her brain.
The girl was rushed to a children's hospital in Memphis, Tennessee.
Authorities said they do not yet know how the firearm used in the shooting had been accessed. The sheriff added that the circumstances of the shooting are still being investigated. – (PA)
Riyad Mahrez will not play for Leicester against Swansea tomorrow as he “clears his head”, with his return to the squad set to be carefully managed by the Premier League club.
Mahrez saw a move to Manchester City fall through on Wednesday, the final day of the transfer window. He was supposed to be part of the squad that played Everton that evening but he failed to show up and did not travel to Merseyside.
The 26-year-old has not trained for Claude Puel's side since seeing his hopes of a dream move dashed.
Manchester City pulled out of the deal as they were unwilling to match Leicester's valuation of the player, which is understood to be £80m, so Mahrez, who has two and a half years remaining on his contract, will remain at the King Power Stadium at least until the end of the season.
“Riyad will not be available for this game,” said Leicester boss Puel ahead of the visit of Swansea.
“Just about Riyad, I think the club took this decision in the best interests of Leicester. We need to respect this decision. It is the best decision for the squad. We will reassess Riyad when he clears his head.
“It's a tough situation for us and all of this is a situation we need to manage but all of the details will stay inside the club. It will be dealt with inside the club and not in public.”
There have been reports that Mahrez's team-mates are angry and feel let down by his actions while a source close to the player himself has claimed he is “depressed.”
Puel insists there is a way back for the Algeria international, who played a starring role in Leicester's shock Premier League title triumph two years ago.
“For Riyad, he can clear his head and he can come back with us because he is a very big player for us,” said Puel.
“He is crucial in our play and with his place in this squad and with his team-mates and it is important that we stay united.
“I have a good relationship with Riyad and now we have to manage this situation as professionals. We have to move forward and to have focus on the football. That's the most important thing.
“His team-mates wait for Riyad, of course. They wait for him to be back in the squad because he is a valuable player.
“He is their friend and I think all the staff and all the players will help him to come back with a good mentality and a positive attitude and to enjoy his football with his team-mates.”
Mahrez's continued absence means Puel will have an unchanged squad against Swansea.
Share it:
Don't Miss
With cooler nights ahead, thousands of families affected by the Marawi siege can now keep warm and safe as The SM Store together with SM Foundation and the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) donated a total of 6,800 pieces of blankets and mosquito nets worth P1 million.
In a ceremonial turnover held at Cagayan De Oro, SM Mindanao's German Bacsid Jr. formally handed the boxes of blankets and mosquito nets to DSWD Region 10 Director Nestor Ramos and to some of its beneficiaries. This was followed by an on-site visit and distribution at Lanao Del Norte, Iligan and Marawi City lead by Assistant Vice President for Livelihood and Outreach Programs Cristie Angeles.
Aside from these, 700 pieces of teddy bears distributed to 2,500 families were given for the children of Marawi through the Bears of Joy project.
It can be recalled that during the Battle of Marawi a five-month-long conflict and urban battle lasted between the government forces and militants affiliated with the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (ISIL) resulting in deaths, families losing their homes and evacuating in temporary shelters.
Donation to Marawi victims is one of the ways that the Store reaches out to communities in times of need. This is also one of its joint efforts in providing aid to the families of Marawi.
City voters have agreed to a City of Lawton plan to fund a street repair program through ad valorem taxes.
Voters agreed by an 11 percent margin to the proposal to keep the city's share of ad valorem revenues at 10.5 mills annually for the next 13 years, which is expected to generate $55.3 million to tackle repair and replacement of arterials and residential streets. The proposition won 1,129 "yes" votes, or 55.4 percent of the total cast, to 909 "no" votes, or 44.6 percent cast. In all 2,038 residents voted Tuesday.
City Manager Jerry Ihler said he was pleased Lawton residents accepted the proposal.
"It's time for us to get to work," he said, explaining he and city administrators plan to meet with Lawton's bond counsel and financial advisers next week to put the information together that will allow the City of Lawton to sell the first of its bond series.
The streets program calls for the city to issue bonds each year for the next 13 years, beginning this year with a $3 million bond issue. In coming years, the amount of those bonds will be staggered to keep the city's millage rate at no more than 10.56 mills annually, with the city using its share of ad valorem revenue to pay the bond debt. Annual totals are expected to range from $11.025 million 2027 and $10.5 million in 2018, to $1.4 million in 2021 and $1.6 million in 2024. All but the first year will have a 10-year maturity date; the 2017 issue will have a two-year maturity rate.
Ihler said the city staff's objective is to get the first year bonds issued by the end of June, meaning that work on the first of the projects would begin before year's end. This year's $3 million will fund initial designs on projects that will be funded with next year's $10.5 million bond issue, but Ihler said the city also has some projects already on the shelf meaning, designs are done that could be built this year.
The staff's task in coming weeks will be setting the bond program in place and working with consultants to design projects, and each of those steps will be brought back to the City Council for approval. Ihler said his intent is a program so successful, voters will want to continue using this funding mechanism. City officials have said the program is not an increase in the city's ad valorem taxes, but an effort to keep the city's share of ad valorem taxes at its historic average.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years, but don't count on it staying ahead for long.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, but it was just beaten by Apple, which sold 77 million iPhones for a 17.9 percent share, according to figures from market research firm Gartner.
The fourth quarter is usually a strong one for Apple, boosted by holiday sales of the new generation of iPhones it releases each September, said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.
For Samsung, though, 2016 ended particularly badly, dominated by the fiasco around the recall of its incendiary Galaxy Note7.
Super-phones like the Note7 could have accounted for 10 to 15 percent of Samsung's smartphone sales in the period before its recall, said Gupta, but Samsung lost more than that: There was also the damage to its brand.
It could bounce back sooner rather than later, though, as it has a new flagship phone coming out at the end of March.
Apple, meanwhile, is expected to wait until September before unveiling new iPhones. This year will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary, and the next model is widely expected to be something special, so Apple fans may delay replacing phones until then, said Gupta. That would leave the way clear for Samsung to move back into the lead from this quarter.
That pattern showed up last year too: Although it dominated the fourth quarter, Apple was a distant second over the full year, with market share of just 14.4 percent over the year, far behind Samsung's 20.5 percent, and the situation was similar the previous year.
While the giants slug it out, a more interesting battle is going on just beneath them, as the next three companies in the fourth-quarter smartphone rankings are all Chinese.
Huawei Technologies is in third place with a worldwide smartphone market share of 9.5 percent, with fourth and fifth taken by Oppo (6.2 percent) and BBK Communication Equipment (5.6 percent), two companies that many consider to be part of the same conglomerate.
Gartner treats them separately because, whatever their shareholding structure, they operate independently, each with their own product team, Gupta said.
BBK, almost unknown in the West, is now the number one smartphone brand in China, he said. A year ago, that honor went to Oppo, and the year before that, Huawei. Previous years saw the Chinese market topped by Xiaomi and Samsung.
These Chinese companies have pushed Apple and Samsung aside in their home market and are expanding across South Asia.
"Even in their current expansion, Oppo is not focusing just on emerging markets, but also on developed markets like Australia," said Gupta, so we may soon see them climbing up the rankings in Europe and the U.S too.
The key ingredients for that are already in their products, he said. "Oppo and BBK make great phones in terms of feature set. They have integrated high-end features like dual cameras and fast charge."
NEW YORK, April 20 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Canada should open its doors to LGBT people from Chechnya where dozens of men have been reported to be imprisoned and tortured because they are believed to be gay, a Canadian advocacy group says.
The call for emergency visas came from Rainbow Railroad which said it was working with a Russian non-profit group to help people flee Chechnya through a global network of safe routes.
"We're expanding our on-the-ground contacts as well as increasing our capacity to identify and assess new or alternative safe routes out of Chechnya," said Kimahli Powell, executive director of Rainbow Railroad, which helps LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) people facing violence or death escape their countries.
Independent Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta has reported that up to 100 men have been thrown in secret prisons in Russia's southern region of Chechnya, and that some men have disappeared altogether.
A Kremlin spokesman told journalists on Thursday that the claims were groundless.
"These reports are distortion of reality, slander," said Dmitry Peskov in a conference call. "There are no such people."
But the United Nations has urged the abuses to end, and the 57-nation Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) has called for Russia to investigate the reports.
Toronto-based Rainbow Railroad said it was formally requesting humanitarian or refugee visas from the Canadian government for those in danger.
A spokeswoman for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada told the Thomson Reuters Foundation: "We cannot speculate on any future policy."
Canada chooses whom it accepts as refugees by relying on the U.N. and others for referrals, she said.
The crackdown in Chechnya came after several cities in the North Caucasus, where the Chechen republic is located, sought permits to stage gay pride parades, Novaya Gazeta reported.
Same-sex sexual activity is a crime in some 70 countries but not in Russia, said Maria Sjödin, a spokeswoman for OutRight Action International, a New York City-based group that advocates for LGBT rights.
But a law limiting the dissemination of information on LGBT issues to young people has emboldened people to grow violent toward LGBT people, she said.
"On top of that, there are reports that police are not investigating," said Sjödin. (Reporting by Sebastien Malo @sebastienmalo, additional reporting by Denis Pinchuk. Editing by Ellen Wulfhorst. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
Top 10 firm Moore Stephens has appointed a new partner to its private client services team.
Mark McMullen joins the firm from Smith & Williamson. He has over 30 years of experience in private client services, and specialises in non-domiciled individuals, taxation, property, partnerships and trusts.
McMullen is a member of the Society of Trusts and Estate Practitioners (STEP), sitting on its City of London branch committee having previously served on its UK technical committee for several years.
Simon Baylis, private client partner at Moore Stephens said: ““Mark brings with him a wealth of experience in the sector and we look forward to seeing what we can achieve together.
“Tax advice for high net worth individuals is becoming increasingly complex, and the demand for such advice is growing. Therefore, having someone with Mark's experience will be very beneficial to our clients.”
McMullen said: “Moore Stephens has a well renowned reputation in providing comprehensive services to both their business and private clients and I am really looking forward to joining the team.
“The firm combines traditional values and very high service, with an innovative outlook which makes joining a very exciting prospect.
“Moore Stephens already has a diverse and interesting private client base, which I am eager to engage with.”
The close-knit family of two missing Rotorua men are completely at a loss to the whereabouts of an uncle and his nephew, who both disappeared mysteriously last Monday.
It has now been more than a week since 51-year-old Ray Fleet and his 25-year-old nephew James Fleet were last seen or heard from.
Ray's wife Michiko Suzuki told the Rotorua Daily Post the family has no idea what happened nor has any clue where the two may be.
"We don't know where he is. We don't know what to do. Everybody's so sad, especially my boys," she said.
Advertisement
"We're just waiting - we know nothing. We just don't know anything."
Police are investigating.
Suzuki said the family had a group meeting yesterday to discuss the situation. She and Ray have two children, aged 9 and 14.
"My 14-year-old can understand what's happening. But my little one is just missing dad.
"He tries not to cry. I can see tears in his eyes but he tries not to cry. They just believe he's coming back safe."
Bronwyn Fleet, James' mother and Raymond's sister, told NZME on the weekend the last week had been "pretty rough".
"We're all looking after each other. We're all here together."
Police are searching for the pair and believe they are together. They could be in Rotorua or Auckland, Detective Sergeant George Staunton of Rotorua Police's Criminal Investigation Branch said. He said their disappearance was at odds with their normal activities and work commitments.
Suzuki talked to Ray about 1pm on Monday and he said he was at his mother's house a few doors away. She arrived to their house at about 6pm and did not see him.
At about 6:30pm that night, James answered the door of his grandmother's house. It's believed he left with the man at the door, leaving behind his keys, wallet and shoes.
Suzuki tried ringing Ray that night but he did not answer his phone. The next day the phone went straight to voicemail.
She said it was out of character for him not to call or text her.
Bronwyn Fleet is desperate for any news from her "gentle natured boy".
"He's a wonderful brother ... He's caring and would do anything for anyone."
"We can't think of where he might be and can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him."
Police were not able to respond to questions today about any advancements in the case. Suzuki said she had not heard anything from police since Saturday.
Any sightings and or information can be directed to the Rotorua police through Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
North Korea's success in testing an intercontinental ballistic missile that appears able to reach the United States was made possible by black-market purchases of powerful rocket engines probably from a Ukrainian factory with historical ties to Russia's missile program, according to an expert analysis being published Monday and classified assessments by American intelligence agencies.
March 29 O-uccino Inc:
* Says it has appointed Ikuyo Horiguchi as the new President of the company, to replace Junichi Ibata
* Says Junichi Ibata will also resign from the position of CEO
* Says it has appointed Yoshiteru Akita as the new Chairman of the Board in the company
* Effective date March 29
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/iIJDpT
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 6 Media Do Co Ltd
* Says it will acquire 600 shares (100 percent stake) of Lunascape Corporation, for 379 million yen, from an individual
* Says the company will hold 100 percent voting power after transaction
* Says transaction effective April 26
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/RtHVSR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Update: Renault Captur Launched At Rs 9.99 Lakh
Renault Captur, the latest SUV from the French carmaker, is here. It is based on the Duster's platform, which is known to be a robust and capable SUV. The Captur not only acquires these traits from its brother but does one better - it is bigger and has a more imposing road presence.
The all-new Renault Captur is not only bigger than the Duster, but also the Hyundai Creta and Maruti Suzuki S-Cross. To put this into perspective, I volunteer to be the human size guide.
Going by dimensions, the Captur is 4329mm long, and this makes it 14mm longer than the Duster. The sloping roofline further accentuates the Captur's length while making it look from a segment above. The massive 210mm ground clearance and 17-inch alloy wheels add to the Captur's muscular stance. The large ground clearance and short overhangs allow the Captur to practically take on any bump or broken terrain the urban jungle can offer. Don't trust us? Have a look at the pictures below.
We know it's difficult to judge the sheer size of this SUV without any reference point. So, to give you a better perspective, I decided to pose with and inside the Captur. I measure 5 feet 6 inches from head to toe, which is 1676.4mm. Now that you have a reference, check out the Captur's size in the images below.
Now, let's compare the Renault Captur to its rivals. First up: the Hyundai Creta. The Captur is 59mm longer and 33mm wider but the sleek styling makes it 11mm shorter in terms of height. However, it is bigger than the Maruti S-Cross in all respect, measuring 29mm longer, 28mm wider and 24mm taller than the Maruti.
This size benefit not only gives the Captur a more prominent road presence; it makes it more spacious as well. The boot space with the rear bench up is 392 litres and seating three at the back seats is fairly comfortable. Tune in the subtle European design and the Captur commands attention wherever it goes. Check out the imposing stance of the Renault Captur in the pictures below.
Check out: Renault Captur – Expected Prices
*Sponsored Feature
Wilson quickly built a 10-point lead against North Thurston in the second quarter, but then trailed by two entering halftime. The teams were tied entering the fourth quarter before Wilson pulled away for a 69-62 victory in the first round of the 3A West Central/Southwest bidistrict tournament on Wednesday at Timberline High School.
National Carrier and Its Subsidiary, Life Insurance Company of Boston & New York, Recognized by Insurance Rating Source
Contact
Meredith D'Agostino
Boston Mutual Life Insurance Company
***@bostonmutual.com Meredith D'AgostinoBoston Mutual Life Insurance Company
End
-- Boston Mutual Life Insurance Company, a national provider of insurance solutions for individuals and at the workplace, today announced that A.M. Best has upgraded the company's credit ratings, a reflection of the rating agency's improved opinion of Boston Mutual's financial strength. A.M. Best, the oldest and most authoritative insurance rating and information source, has upgraded the financial strength rating (FSR) of both Boston Mutual and its subsidiary, Life Insurance Company of Boston & New York, from "A-" (Excellent) to "A" (Excellent), with a Stable outlook. In addition, both companies' issuer credit rating (ICR) was also upgraded from "a-" to "a.""I'm pleased that A.M. Best has recognized the progress we have made with our strategic initiatives,"said Paul A. Quaranto, Jr., Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President at Boston Mutual Life Insurance Company. "The rating upgrade to 'A' validates our strategic direction, and I'm proud of the hard work of our producers and employees in our goal of supporting the families we serve."A.M. Best attributed the ratings upgrade to "the cumulative effort and financial performance of Boston Mutual over a period of time. Efforts to enhance Boston Mutual's business profile over the past few years have included rebranding the organization, reorganizing its operational units and increasing management personnel, which have led to improvements in sales and profitability and are viewed positively by A.M. Best."Boston Mutual was founded in Boston in 1891 and initially offered individual life insurance, adding employer group offerings in 1956 and worksite products in 1978. In 1988 the company organized its subsidiary, Life Insurance Company of Boston & New York, to offer comparable products in New York.Founded in 1891, Boston Mutual Life Insurance Company has enjoyed a long history of financial strength and stability. Headquartered in Canton, Massachusetts, Boston Mutual has been a recognized leader for more than 125 years in providing flexible insurance products to working Americans and their families in the private and public sectors of the USA. For more information, please visit http://www.bostonmutual.com or follow the company on Facebook (/BostonMutualLifeIns)
German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier said it's important to begin a dialogue with the US about its planned trade tariffs on steel and aluminum.
He didn't promise positive results during his interview with German public broadcaster ARD, but he vowed that Germany and the European Union would not allow themselves to be divided by Washington.
Watch video 02:11 Share European Union Hopes to Avoid Trade War with the USA Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uLf1 European Union Hopes to Avoid Trade War with USA
US President Donald Trump has called for imposing tariffs on all imports of steel and aluminum — 25 percent on the former and 10 percent on the latter — into the US.
A trade war "would end up to the detriment of the citizens in both regions," Altmaier said on the ARD program "Report from Berlin," which was broadcast on Sunday.
Altmaier will be making his inaugural trip to Washington as economics minister just days after taking office. He will meet, among others, with his US counterpart Wilbur Ross.
Nobody knows if "we will come to a conclusion by the end of the week," he said.
Read more: Merkel defends surplus as US threatens trade war
In line with the EU
But it's crucial that the thread of conversation is maintained and that "we represent our European and German interests confidently and in a friendly manner," he added.
"I want us to continue to produce steel in Germany at competitive prices," Altmaier continued, making clear that his views are closely in line with those of the EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malstrom, who will also be traveling to Washington this week for trade-related meetings with Ross and other US officials.
Watch video 00:56 Share Europe delivers potential tariff list Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uUN5 Europe Delivers Potential Tariff Hit-List to USA
The problem with the current situation is that "there's a danger that we will enter into a spiral of unilateral measures," Altmaier warned. This is at odds with the idea of free trade, he added, and continued to push for dialogue.
"We do not have to criticize ourselves publicly, we have to try to find compromises," he said.
The EU has already published a list of American goods it will tax if Trump goes ahead with his plan to tax European steel. Brussels maintains that it follows fair trade practices and that the problem lies with China's overproduction.
Both Germany and the US should be able to produce steel competitively without others selling it at what amounts to "dumping prices," Altmaier said
Separately, he was asked about the US demand for Germany and other NATO members to increase their respective military commitments. He said that Europeans had committed in 2014 to increasing their defense spending to 2 percent of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) by 2024.
Altmaier said: "We feel bound to it."
Read more: Trump economic adviser resigns over tariffs
bik/rc (Reuters, AFP, AP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Scotland Yard now has six open investigations into claims that the Oscar-winning American actor attacked men in the UK.
Police are investigating two more allegations of sexual assault against Kevin Spacey.
Scotland Yard now has six open investigations into claims that the Oscar-winning actor attacked men in the UK.
It did not identify the American as the suspect but said on Wednesday that Metropolitan Police detectives are investigating a man over two more claims, one in London and one in Gloucester.
The latest allegations are said to have taken place in Westminster in 1996 and in the Gloucestershire city in 2013.
Three other complaints of sexual assault and one of assault in London had already been made to officers.
Kevin Spacey was artistic director at The Old Vic theatre in London from 2004-2015 (Yui Mok/pA)
Spacey, who was artistic director at London's The Old Vic theatre between 2004 and 2015, was one of the first Hollywood stars to face allegations in the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal.
His downfall started when actor Anthony Rapp alleged he was 14 when Spacey, then 26, made a sexual advance to him in 1986.
Spacey, now 58, said he did not remember the encounter but apologised for any “inappropriate drunken behaviour”.
He was sacked by Netflix's House Of Cards and Sir Ridley Scott erased him from his completed film All The Money In The World in re-shoots costing millions.
The Old Vic theatre found 20 people claimed they had been subjected to inappropriate behaviour from the actor.
© Press Association 2018
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
Phoenix real estate investing group, the Matrix, is in the process of shooting a series of short films designed to give viewers an inside look at the Matrix. The films, being produced by Hector Romero Productions, are designed to show the working parts of the Matrix in action.
Phoenix, AZ, February 15, 2017 — Phoenix real estate investing group, the Matrix, is in the process of shooting a series of short films designed to give viewers an inside look at the Matrix. The idea behind this series of short film is that the viewer can get past the Phoenix real estate investing seminars and see the inner workings of one of Phoenix's most successful real estate investing companies.
The films, being produced by Hector Romero Productions, are designed to show the working parts of the Matrix in action. Viewers will be introduced to Team Leaders who explain their function at the Matrix. Viewers will peer into actual Phoenix real estate investing classes being taught by professionals who are actually executing deals in the area; not some “out of town” Guru. Viewers will be able to actually “get their hands dirty” with footage showing the actual rehabbing and sale of a property.
Viewers will see that they don't need to quit their job to begin investing in real estate with the Matrix. They will see that many different streams of income and levels of participation are available. Investors who successfully built a real estate investing business, while enjoying the stability of their full-time job, are interviewed.
Matrix President, Daniel Scott, says, “The Matrix is all about connecting with people and empowering them to take control of their income potential. What better way to connect with people, and show the Matrix in action, than with film?” He continues, “This is a perfect real estate investing for beginners look inside the workings of a successful Phoenix mentoring organization actively doing deals in Phoenix.”
Those trying to put together a Phoenix real estate investing business plan will find this series of films invaluable. While it is nearly impossible to follow a detailed business plan, or real estate investing road map, perfectly this series of films shed great light on what to expect and the importance of having a good Phoenix real estate investing mentor.
The Director of this series of short films, Hector Romero, says, “It is fascinating to me to come into an organization and break it down into component functions through a series of short films. Taken together, the series will evoke a vivid snapshot of Phoenix real estate investing how to be a real estate investor.”
About the Matrix:
The Matrix Investor Network is different from other real estate investor education programs. This program offers true mentoring and the support needed, with access to a powerful Network of others, to actually do successful real estate deals right after training. The Matrix is at: 2406 S 24th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85034. Call: (602) 559-9445. Request more information online: https://ra253.isrefer.com/go/msf/Kiloh/Blogging.
Contact:
Marketing Department
The Matrix
2406 S 24th Street
Phoenix, AZ 85034
602-559-9445
kiloh@MatrixInvestorNetwork.com
http://www.matrixinvestornetwork.com
LOS ANGELES: Tiger Woods had five drugs, including the opioid painkiller hydrocodone, in his system when he was arrested in May on suspicion of driving under the influence, according to a toxicology report released on Monday.
A urine test revealed four other medications along with hydrocodone — which is sold under the brand name Vicodin.
Also present were the powerful painkiller hydromorphone; anxiety drug alprazolam (also known as Xanax); sleep drug zolpidem (also known as Ambien) and THC, which is a chemical component of marijuana.
The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office made the results public on Monday.
The 41-year-old Woods was arrested early in the morning May 29 in Jupiter, Florida. Police found him asleep in his Mercedes-Benz by the side of the road near his home.
He later said in a statement that his condition was the result of a reaction to mixing several prescription drugs.
Woods pleaded guilty to reckless driving and agreed to enter a diversion program that will allow the 14-time major championship winning golfer to clear his record if he completes the program.
In June he completed what he termed an intensive treatment program to help him manage medications he was using to combat back pain and insomnia.
At the time of his arrest Woods was unable to tell officers where he was, stumbling through a field sobriety test. Woods told officers he was taking Vicodin and Xanax to deal with pain from April back surgery.
Woods has 79 career PGA Tour victories but isn't currently playing after his latest back surgery — his fourth overall.
He won 14 majors, but the last one was in 2008 when he won the US Open at Torrey Pines by outlasting Rocco Mediate in a memorable 19-hole playoff. AFP
AFP/CC
April 10 Point Loma Resources Ltd
* Point Loma Resources Ltd- signing of a binding term sheet to enter into a disposition and joint venture with Transerv Energy Ltd
* Point Loma Resources- JV Includes Point Loma selling, assigning a 20 percent working interest in its assets to salt bush for consideration of $5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
These are a must at any Independence Day party.
Happy Independence Day! The Fourth of July is one of the biggest holidays on the US calendar, and many households will be serving up a range of all-American dishes to celebrate the day.
When these kinds of days come around it's always worthwhile remembering the history behind them. For many Americans, it's not a day of independence – but rather a reminder of the people who colonised their land.
Even though this history shouldn't be ignored, many people use the holiday to instead spend quality time with friends and family. It can be seen as more of an opportunity to celebrate the Fourth of July and a day off work, rather than Independence Day itself.
Food is arguably at the centre of any reputable celebration, so here are some classic American dishes you can try yourself to really get into the festive spirit.
1. American flag cake
#americanflagcake #citizenshipcake #4thofjulycake A post shared by Zubia Khan (@giveemcake) on Apr 10, 2018 at 7:19pm PDT
What better way to celebrate the flag than with an actual flag made out of cake? Luckily the star-spangled banner isn't too hard to replicate with the help of icing, strawberries and blueberries.
This probably isn't one for perfectionists, unless you'd enjoy spending hours emblazoning 50 stars onto your cake. You won't need a specific recipe for this – just whip up your favourite sponge and get decorating.
2. Honey bourbon BBQ pork chops
No Fourth of July party is complete without a BBQ. If you're feeling particularly low maintenance, you can slap basically anything you want onto the grill and you're good to go. However, if you're feeling a bit more fancy, put in a bit more effort with these honey bourbon BBQ pork chops.
3. Coleslaw
Coleslaw is the perfect accompaniment to ribs. It's crunchy, zesty and refreshing. American food isn't exactly known for being the healthiest, and coleslaw is no exception – even though it's packed full of veg, this is off-set by a whole lot of mayonnaise (although you can substitute the mayo for yoghurt).
4. Mini burger sliders
Most Independence Day parties are pretty casual BBQ affairs, and you want the food to match this vibe. That's why sliders are perfect – mini burgers that are in the party spirit and count as finger food. It also helps that they're super cute and highly Instagrammable – see for yourself with this recipe.
5. Potato salad
It's basically law that any American BBQ has to include a big old serving of potato salad. Much like coleslaw, this isn't the most virtuous dish (and features that usual suspect, mayonnaise) – but hey, this is a public holiday, you can eat your greens the rest of the week.
Few chefs are as iconically American as Martha Stewart, so you should probably give her all-American potato salad a go.
6. Corn on the cob
If you're already firing up your BBQ, it would be rude not to chuck on some corn. Chargrill, add butter, salt, pepper and paprika, and you're good to go.
7. S'mores
This is more of an American camp delicacy than a specifically Fourth of July dish, but still worth making. They're easily rustled up on the BBQ once you're done with the savoury stuff, and just involves three ingredients: Biscuits, chocolate and marshmallows. Just sandwich the chocolate and marshmallows between the biscuits and you've got a deliciously sweet and gooey pudding.
8. Apple pie
Ever heard the phrase: “As American as apple pie”? It's long been a symbol of the USA, and is a must at any Independence Day celebration. Try out this recipe for a particularly wholesome way to end your cook-off.
© Press Association 2018
A man was arrested after an attempted armed robbery at Franks Party Store on First Street in Jackson.
It happened just after midnight on Sunday.
Jackson Police say it all started when the suspect confronted two people inside the store. He allegedly showed a gun and demanded cash from the victims, and then assaulted one of them.
The victims were able to leave the store, but as they were getting into their car, the suspect approached them again.
Officers say he tried to take their vehicle. When the victims refused, the suspect pulled out the gun. The victims then attempted to wrestle the gun away from him. During the fight, the gun discharged twice.
The suspect ran off, and was arrested by Jackson Police after a short foot pursuit.
One of the victims was grazed by a bullet, but neither were seriously injured.
The suspect's name has not been released. He is expected to be arraigned on Tuesday.
The Prius nameplate has been inexorably tied to the green car scene for a long time now. When Toyota unleashed the Prius Prime upon the world, we said it was the best Prius yet. But this is no longer a world where Toyota's hybrids are automatically crowned king. Our recent time with the Hyundai Ioniq trio was a stark reminder that the economical, eco-conscious competition is getting stiffer. We put some miles on a Prius Prime to see how our recent Ioniq Plug-In Hybrid test colors our view of Toyota's prime contender.
Our first impression: the Prius design is very clean and inorganic. As sterile as it feels, the design appears to have a lot of actual thought behind it. Our Advanced trim tester is spiritually in touch with the mobile gadget culture, with a huge touchscreen, digitization of seemingly everything, and white and black glossy plastic aesthetic. It's a tech-heavy design that will likely seem familiar to those of us who have been interfacing with Apple designs for the past 10 or so years.
The Ioniq Plug-In Hybrid, on the other hand, remains truer to the look and feel most drivers expect from their commuters. It's less about user interface, modes, and drive data, and more about just getting behind the wheel and driving. The Ioniq Plug-In Hybrid hardly even distinguishes itself from its plugless counterparts, opting to go green undercover rather than the in-your-face futurism the Prius projects. It retains the traditional instrument cluster in front of the driver, too, which the Prius Prime lacks. In the Toyota, you'll have to look around the car for the right display with the information you're looking for – there's the huge central touchscreen with all its menus, as well as smaller displays above it on the dash – or you can find your speed on the HUD.
The Prius is composed in its handling, but doesn't provide much of the sensory feedback that makes one feel connected to the chassis. The steering feels super artificial, but the car stays fairly flat in the corners without providing too much feedback through the seat of your pants. Hyundai's offering, though, proved to be a surprisingly willing dance partner in the corners. While feeling equally capable as the Prius, the Ioniq's sense of connection through steering and suspension made the act of stitching one turn after another together enough to get our blood pumping.
Sport mode makes the Prius Prime slightly livelier, though. At least on the low end, it allows you to take advantage of the immediate torque the electric motor makes available. It jumps off the line, but acceleration putters out quickly, and there's less enthusiasm on tap the faster you go. But the fact that there are drive modes, including buttons for EV/EV Auto/Hybrid modes, and a "B" position on the gear lever for engine braking means that there are more opportunities for the mileage-obsessed driver to make the most of their drive.
The Hyundai Ioniq Plug-In's mostly passive energy management limits the driver's ability to influence how it drives, but a lot of drivers simply don't care about drive modes and regeneration techniques. Drivers seeking a simple, accessible entry into the plug-in world will find exactly that in the Ioniq.
So, which is the better PHEV? As much as we love the Hyundai Ioniq for its brilliant simplicity that should help sell more mainstream drivers on electrified living, it'd be hard to pass up the tech – and the driving modes – of the Prius Prime. If you're already intent on buying a car with a plug, you probably don't care that the Ioniq has slightly better handling. The Prius is more engaging in its ability to turn a boring slog through traffic into an efficiency challenge, which is the sort of thing green drivers love. It's worth sacrificing the three or so extra miles of all-electric range the Hyundai offers to be able to take more control over the energy management, and learn to be a more economical driver in the process.
If you're easily distracted by modes, buttons, and digital feedback, or are turned off by Toyota's experimental styling, you'll do just fine in the Ioniq. The Prius will be waiting for you when you're ready to take your eco-geekiness to the next level.
Related Video:
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
UNITED NATIONS (Sputnik) — Iran's support to de-escalate the crisis in Yemen remains strong as well as their commitment to a political solution, UN spokesperson Farhan Haq said during a press briefing on Monday.
“Special envoy to Yemen Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed wrapped up a visit to Tehran yesterday,” Haq told reporters. “He said that Iran's support to UN's efforts remains strong, adding that there is a common understanding that only a political solution can bring an end to the war.”
In his meetings with Iranian authorities Ahmed discussed in length the urgent need to prevent the worsening of humanitarian crisis, Haq added. The envoy is traveling to the United Arab Emirates on Monday.
Yemen has been in the grip of a civil war since 2015, which has affected the country's infrastructure, economic and social systems, as well as national health care. The war is waged between the internationally recognized government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi movement backed by army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh. In March 2015, the Saudi-led coalition of mostly Persian Gulf countries launched airstrikes against the Houthis at Hadi's request.
© Fotolia/ Borna_Mir
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
IBM's data science and machine learning platform is now generally available. IBM Cloud Private for Data is an integrated data science, data engineering and app building platform. The release comes just days after the EU's General Protection Data Regulation went into effect.
“Platforms drive commerce. Whether in technology or other industries, the creation, acceptance and adoption of platforms spur innovation, efficiency, and productivity,” Rob Thomas, general manager of IBM analytics, wrote in a post. “When it comes to technology, like transportation, the underlying platforms have propelled and advanced innovation. Be it the mainframe, client/server, operating system, cloud or now multi-cloud, the platform has enabled productivity to soar and innovation to flourish. In cloud computing, successful platforms are able to span from on premises and private cloud environments to public clouds in a consistent manner that helps foster growth and spread collaboration across systems and users. But, the platform has to start where the data is, which makes it an enterprise-out approach for most organizations.”
The platform was first announced two months ago. Since then, the company has made a number of improvements to help organizations modernize their data as well as ensure security and compliance responsibilities.
To address the recent GDPR legislation, IBM is integrating microservices for master data management, updating its maps of data, and providing tighter integration between the data catalog and the ability to discover, analyze and manage sensitive or risky data. In addition, the cloud platform now integrates with the IBM Data Risk Manager to keep up with regulatory demands.
The Cloud Private for Data platform has also been updated to support MongoDB and EDB Postgres for the enterprise. “With new partnerships signed with these open source document and object-relational databases, respectively, organizations are now able to tap into and integrate data from an even broader range of options,” Thomas wrote.
Lastly, the platform is now integrated with the Red Hat OpenShift container application platform, enabling users to extend the use of IBM middleware to any cloud running OpenShift. According to the company, this is necessary in a multi-cloud and open data management world.
Other features include the ability to collect every type of data no matter where it lives, a trusted source of truth to organize data, and the ability to scale insights on demand, according to IBM.
“A modern data architecture, integrating all sources of data, paves the way for everyone from lines business executives to CIO's, to help create new business models based on rapid, data-driven insights and pave the path to enterprise artificial intelligence (AI). These are the building blocks of AI, delivered enterprise-out. AI may not replace people, but people who don't embrace AI will be replaced by those who do. IBM Cloud Private for Data is a major step in that direction,” Thomas wrote.
About
Nike Flyknit technology uses high-strength fibers to create lightweight uppers with targeted areas of support, stretch and breathability. A colla… Read More
Nike Flyknit technology uses high-strength fibers to create lightweight uppers with targeted areas of support, stretch and breathability. A collaboration with Yambo Studio and otherworldly talents from around the world, we created moving images and prints for global Nike in-store installations across the globe. Read Less
Published:
SOUTH PORTLAND — The city's $49 million school budget passed overwhelmingly Tuesday, 905-283.
The fiscal 2018 budget calls for an increase of $1.2 million, or 2.4 percent, over the current spending of $47.6 million.
While 76 percent of voters supported the budget, turnout was only 5.9 percent of the city's more than 20,000 registered voters.
The spending plan includes capital improvement items totaling just over $1 million and funds for facilities, transportation and technology. Some of the proposed projects include school technology upgrades; the purchase of a bus and two seven-passenger vans; high school repairs and storage, and security cameras.
The budget includes salary and benefit increases of more than $1 million, but an almost equal amount was reduced through retirements and staff reductions.
The School Board is expecting a reduction of more than $305,000 in state subsidy, which was almost $6 million this year. Increases in health-care premiums also drove the budget.
The City Council has authorized the board to use any additional state subsidy to fund schools and to give a portion back to residents for property tax relief.
The budget, which takes effect July 1, was approved by city councilors May 15. It was adopted by the School Board April 10.
Melanie Sochan can be reached at 781-3661 ext.106 or msochan@theforecaster.net. Follow her on Twitter @melaniesochan.
BARCELONA Rafael Nadal won a record-extending 10th Barcelona Open title on Sunday by thrashing Dominic Thiem of Austria 6-4 6-1, collecting his second claycourt title in a row.
Nadal, who won the Monte Carlo Masters for a 10th time last week, romped to the title without dropping a set on the newly renamed Rafa Nadal court at the Real Tennis Club in Barcelona, and needed just 90 minutes to finish off Thiem.
Thiem had beaten the 14-times Grand Slam champion on clay in the Argentina Open last year and earned a place in the final by beating world number one Andy Murray for the first time in his career on Saturday, but he proved no match for Nadal.
The Mallorcan took a while to impose himself on Thiem on an overcast day in Barcelona with the cold weather slowing down the court.
Thiem earned the first breakpoint of the match but Nadal recovered and eventually took the first set by breaking his opponent in the 10th game.
There was no let-up in the second set from Nadal, who broke the 23-year-old Austrian twice in a row before serving for the championship and wrapping up his 51st tournament win on clay.
"I'm especially happy for these 10 victories in two tournaments that are as special to me as Monte Carlo and Barcelona, especially here as it's my club, and for the support of these incredible fans," Nadal told Spanish network TVE.
"It's a dream start to the claycourt season."
Thiem paid tribute to his opponent after Nadal's 71st tournament win in his career.
"First of all congrats to Rafa, 10 titles here and in Monte Carlo, it's unbelievable," he said.
"I really enjoyed the week in Barcelona. There are worse things than to lose against the greatest player on clay ever. I enjoyed it even though I lost and I really hope I can come back in the next years."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the ''What's Next?'' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young
SYDNEY Boeing Co (BA.N) could begin delivering the 737 MAX 10X aircraft in 2020 if airlines start ordering the largest version of its 737 MAX family this year, a senior executive of the aeroplane manufacturer said on Thursday.
The comments from Boeing 737 MAX chief project engineer and deputy program manager Michael Teal came as the smaller 737 MAX 9 completed its first airport taxi test in Seattle on Wednesday. That aircraft will make its first test flight in Seattle on Thursday, weather permitting, he said.
Boeing began marketing the 737 MAX 10X as an option to customers this year but has yet to receive any orders for the fuel-efficient single-aisle jetliner, which competes against the popular Airbus SE (AIR.PA) A321neo.
Teal said the design of the 737 MAX 10X would be firmed up by the end of this year and customers could receive the aircraft in 2020 depending on orders.
"We'll determine (the delivery date) when we launch that program when the customers show the interest and they buy the airplane," he said on a conference call with reporters. "Sales teams are out meeting with customers today."
He did not specify at what date deliveries by 2020 would become unlikely if orders were not received.
Boeing in March said it had approached India's SpiceJet Ltd (SPJT.BO) and Jet Airways Ltd (JET.NS) as it gauged interest in the aircraft.
However, the heads of two major aircraft leasing companies have said the MAX 10X holds no particular attraction for their customers and would eat into rentals of other MAX models.
The 737 MAX 10X has a body 66 inches (167 centimeters) longer than the second-largest family member, the 737 MAX 9, and adds 12 seats. It will require longer landing gear as a result.
Teal said the landing gear were still in the development stage, with several concepts in prototype testing.
"We won't hit the firm configuration on the gear and really the complete airplane until the end of this year," he said. "All of the development tests are proving positive and we are well on our way to firming up that configuration and moving forward into production."
The first 737 MAX 9 customer delivery is expected next year, while the first 737 MAX 8 should be delivered next month, Teal said.
(Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
A new car, a trip around the world, a new house, the dreams haven't changed, but Lotto's dream-making balls and the machine that spins them just have.
It's the first upgrade in a decade, and there have been plenty of changes since the first draw 30 years ago.
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
BERLIN The German Finance Ministry is worried there will be turbulence on the financial markets if there is a 'hard Brexit', a German newspaper reported on Monday - two days before Britain triggers divorce proceedings with the European Union.
Handelsblatt daily cited a risk analysis from the Finance Ministry as saying that if Britain and the EU do not strike a deal about Britain's exit in time, it could threaten the stability of financial markets.
The ministry is also worried that the two-year negotiation period between Britain and the EU will not suffice to conclude a free trade deal with Britain and that would mean there are "significant" risks for the financial markets, it said.
For that reason, there should be interim solutions, said the analysis, which talked about "phasing out".
An abrupt exit could "trigger dislocations", with British banks no longer able to offer their services in the EU and banks in the EU finding they no longer have access to the financial centre in London, the report said.
That would result in "grave economic and systemic consequences" for Europe, the newspaper added.
It said that Germany had a strong interest in having an "integrated financial market" with Britain but for that London would need to fulfil conditions such as accepting the EU's basic freedoms as well as strict regulatory standards.
The German government is taking a tough line on the EU budget and wants Britain to promise, at the start of negotiations, that it will meet all of its obligations, including after quitting the EU, and Britain should pay to have access to the European Single Market, the newspaper said.
(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Keaton Jones was inundated with support from celebrities after a video of him tearfully talking about being bullied at school went viral.
But the feel good story was tainted overnight when disturbing Facebook posts from Keaton's mum, Kimberly, came to light.
On her now deleted Facebook page, Kimberly Jones was seen in pictures smiling while holding a Confederate flag which is considered by many to be a representation of white supremacy.
She also posted a bizarre message on Facebook in August just two weeks after a white supremacist drove his car into a crowd in Virginia.
Advertisement
"Dear butt hurt Americans, If you aren't bleeding, no bones are sticking out & you can breathe, STOP crying! For the love, some folks clearly never picked a switch. And before y'all start talking to me about metaphorical, emotional, financial or historical blood & brokenness, Don't. Join a group."
It's not known exactly what she was referring to.
Keaton Jones MOM is a next level racist who's posted in many offensive and non remorseful comments towards black people, so how is she preaching about bullying when she herself is a bully 🤔🤔🤔 lmao people are funny pic.twitter.com/bTnF7BFDGr — Queen Mel 🇭🇹 (@BLVCKMATTERS) December 11, 2017
Overnight an Instagram account, allegedly belonging to Keaton, posted an apology for his mum's controversial posts, however the Instagram account has now been deleted.
The post said: "This is Keaton. I want to apologise on behalf of my mum for the things she has said towards other races. I love my mother but I also realise wrong is wrong. And what she said was wrong. I hope we can all put her mistakes in the past and focus on bettering the world. Thank you."
The photo of the apology was captioned with the message, "I hope you all can forgive her, she is a good person. We all make mistakes".
The emotional video of Keaton talking about being bullied was posted on Facebook by his mum on Friday.
"Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?" the boy asks in the video.
"What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them. It's not okay."
His mum asked: "What did they say to you?" and the tearful boy replied, "They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends".
The video, which was posted on the now deleted Facebook page, had been viewed more than 22 million times and prompted an outpouring of support from some of the world's biggest stars.
Snoop Dogg, Justin Bieber, Demi Lovato, Mark Hamill, Dr Phil and even Donald Trump Jr have reached out to Keaton on social media.
Captain America star Chris Evans even invited Keaton and his mum to the Avengers premiere in Los Angeles next year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you know how many units of alcohol you are drinking every time you go out or even when you're just having a drink or two in your own home?
Well you could be in for surprise.
A lecturer at the University of Derby says regular alcohol drinkers could well be drinking many more units than is recommended by the Department of Health - and not know it.
(Image: karelnoppe)
Gerri Mortimore, lecturer in Post-registration Health Care said that, as a guide, both men and women should only drink a maximum of 14 units a week. Previously the rates stood at 14 units for women and 21 for men.
But what is an alcohol unit? This is where this guide comes in handy:
Wine (8.5%) = 125ml per one unit of alcohol
Beer/Cider (3.5%) = Half a pint per one unit of alcohol
Extra Strong Beer/Cider = Quarter of a pint per one unit of alcohol
Spirits (40%) = 25ml per one unit of alcohol
Sherry or Port (20%) = 50ml per one unit of alcohol
Based on this guide, two pints of a strong beer or lager would be around eight units. A more lively night where at least four pints were consumed would take your tally to up to 16 units.
(Image: Getty)
So what unit tallies are healthy?
Gerri Mortimore says a “sensible drinker” will have a weekly intake of around 14 units.
The term 'binge drinking' is said to derive from the consumption of seven or more units in a single session.
Hazardous drinking comes into play when alcohol intake is likely to increase the risk of developing alcohol-related harm – this could be between 22 and 35 units.
Mrs Mortimore said: “I recently hosted a Dry January event at the University and gave a demonstration where I poured an ‘average' glass of wine for myself, in the same way many of us do on an evening.
“This so-called average glass of 15% red wine measured in at 330mls. After calculating the units (330 x 15 divided by 1000) it worked out to be 4.95 units.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“It made the audience, and I, think. Many of us there, myself included, would have thought my glass of wine was around 2 units.
"However, if I consumed a glass like this every night, it would equate to 35 units per week, which is two and a half times the recommended weekly allowance for females. In 10 to 15 years drinking at this level I could quite easily develop alcohol related liver damage.
“Do I have an alcohol problem? The answer is no. Could I develop liver disease? The answer is yes. Scary thought, isn't it?”
You can monitor your alcohol units weekly by using this calculator guide from alcohol education charity Drinkaware.
A steam engine built almost 100 years ago will be the star of the show this summer at Whitehead Railway Museum.
The No. 3BG Guinness, named after the Guinness brewery in Dublin, will be providing steam train rides as part of the attraction's ‘Summer Steam' season.
Visitors will have the chance to see The Railway Preservation Society of Ireland (RPSI) footplate crew at work shovelling coal into the firebox and preparing the engine for each of its runs.
The heritage train rides will operate on Saturdays in July and August from 12 midday to 4pm, departing from Whitehead Railway Museum platform every 15 minutes.
Siobhan Dillon, RPSI general manager said: “We are delighted to be able to offer this extra attraction at Whitehead Railway Museum over the summer. The steam train ride is always very popular for our visitors young and old as the sound, smell and sight of the locomotive creates a magical atmosphere.”
The award-winning Whitehead Railway Museum is open from 10am to 4pm, Thursday to Saturday and guided tours are at 11am, 1pm and 2.30pm. On summer Sundays, the museum is open from 12.30pm to 4pm.
Boasting five galleries and wrapped around the engineering workshops, the museum tells the story of Whitehead's development as a railway town, showcases several of the RPSI's mainline steam locomotives and gives visitors an opportunity to pull the levers in the signal box.
Tickets for the Museum cost £7 for adults, £6 for concession and £5 for children and a ride on the steam train costs £1.50 per person.
For further details visit www.steamtrainsireland.com
SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (AP) — The Costa Rica soccer federation says national team coach Oscar Ramirez is out after the team's disappointing performance at the World Cup.
Federation president Rodolfo Villalobos said Wednesday that Ramirez's contract has run out and won't be renewed. Costa Rica compiled a record of 9 wins, 6 ties and 4 defeats in 16 qualifying and three World Cups matches under Ramirez.
Villalobos thanked the coach but said that "it is not convenient for him to remain." He did not name a potential replacement, but said the federation is looking at a long list of candidates.
Costa Rica was the surprise of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, reaching the quarterfinals. But the team was knocked out in the group stage in Russia, losing to Brazil and Serbia and tying Switzerland.
There has been a sharp drop in the number of asylum-seekers granted a reprieve to stay in the country on humanitarian grounds or for family considerations.
The number of asylum-seekers denied refugee or protection status granted “leave to remain” last year was 163, down from 465 in 2016, and 1,201 in 2015. Individuals can be granted leave to remain on humanitarian grounds or based on their existing links in the country.
At the start of last year the asylum system was reformed, so asylum-seekers applied for several different categories of protection together rather than one after the other, which was geared towards cutting down long waiting times.
The new system also streamlined the number of appeals available to asylum-seekers.
Under the new system, 766 people were granted asylum last year. This figure includes official refugee status and subsidiary protection status, for cases where a person who does not qualify as a refugee can prove they would be at risk of harm if returned to their home country. The figures from the Department of Justice were obtained through a parliamentary question from Green Party deputy leader Catherine Martin.
Dehumanising
Ms Martin said she would be worried that the drop in the number of asylum-seekers given leave to remain was due to “the dehumanising nature of the new streamlined processes”.
She said many people with justifiable asylum claims “have suffered greatly and have lost everything” in coming to Ireland, and that the applications process had to be seen through in as “caring, fair and compassionate a manner as possible”.
Responding to Ms Martin's parliamentary query, Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan said the introduction of the International Protection Act “required significant changes to procedures” and the moving of all existing cases into the new application process, which led to fewer cases being resolved.
A spokesman for the department added there had been a concerted effort to process asylum applications that had been waiting in the system for five years in 2015 and 2016, which may have led to the comparable drop in leave-to-remain figures last year.
The most common nationalities to apply for asylum last year came from Georgia, Albania, Zimbabwe, Nigeria and Pakistan, according to figures from the department. Provisional figures show 2,930 people applied for asylum last year, which includes about 500 refugees accepted from Greece under the EU Relocation Programme.
Deportations
The number of deportation orders issued to migrants or failed asylum-seekers declined in 2017, as did the number of people forcefully deported from the country. Last year the department issued 931 deportation orders, a drop from the 1,191 orders signed in 2016.
A deportation order is enforced by authorities if a person fails to leave the State voluntarily, and last year 140 orders were enforced. In 2016, 428 deportation orders were enforced by authorities, although that was the highest number in several years. China, Nigeria and Pakistan were the three most common countries people were deported to last year.
BAGHDAD -- A suicide bomber blew up his explosives-laden vehicle Monday in a bustling market area in Baghdad, killing at least 22 people, Iraqi officials said, hours after the arrival of French President Francois Hollande in the country and amid a fierce fight against the Islamic State group.
The bomber driving a pickup truck attacked an outdoor fruit and vegetable market, day laborers and a police checkpoint in Baghdad's eastern Sadr City district, a police officer said. Up to 35 other people were wounded in that attack, he said, adding that the death toll was expected to rise.
Two medical officials confirmed the casualty figures. All officials spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to release information.
In an online statement, the Islamic State group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it targeted Shiites. The Associated Press could not verify the authenticity of the statements, but they were posted on a militant website commonly used by the extremists. The group also claimed responsibility for Saturday's suicide attack in a central Baghdad market, which killed at least 28 people, and Sunday's suicide bombing at a checkpoint south of Baghdad that killed at least nine people.
Late last month, Iraqi authorities started removing some of the security checkpoints in Baghdad, mainly on its eastern side, in a bid to ease traffic for the capital's approximately 6 million residents.
During a press conference with Hollande, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said the bomber pretended to be a man seeking to hire day laborers; once the laborers gathered around, he detonated the vehicle. Al-Abadi warned that the "terrorists will further try to hit civilians to make up for the losses," they have suffered on the battlefield.
"We are determined to annihilate terrorism and we are able to shorten its age," he said, calling on security forces and civilians to remain vigilant.
Hollande, during his one-day visit, met with al-Abadi and President Fuad Masum. He was scheduled later to travel to the country's self-governing northern Kurdish region to meet French troops and local officials.
Iraqi troops, backed by a U.S.-led coalition, are fighting IS in a massive operation to retake the northern city of Mosul. Iraqi state TV said Hollande will discuss "increasing support to Iraq and the latest developments in the fight against Daesh," the Arabic acronym for IS.
In quotes published by the Elysee official Twitter account, Hollande promised that France would remain a long-term ally of Iraq and called for co-ordination between intelligence services "in a spirit of great responsibility."
France is part of the U.S.-led international coalition formed in late 2014 to fight IS after the extremist group seized large areas in Iraq and neighboring Syria and declared an Islamic "caliphate." France has suffered multiple terrorist attacks claimed by IS.
Hollande, on Twitter, said Iraq was in a precarious position two years ago, when IS made its blitz. But now the tide has turned. "The results are there: Daesh is in retreat and the battle of Mosul is engaged."
Since the Mosul operation started on Oct. 17, Iraqi forces have seized around a quarter of the city. Last week, the troops resumed fighting after a two-week lull due to stiff resistance by the militants, bad weather and thousands of civilians trapped in their houses.
In an interview with The Associated Press on Sunday, the senior U.S. military commander, Brig. Gen. Rick Uribe, praised the Iraqi forces fighting mainly on the eastern side of the city, saying they were "at their peak." Uribe agreed with al-Abadi's assessment that it would take another three months to liberate Mosul.
He predicted the troops would face a different fight when they cross to the west bank of the Tigris River, saying it will mostly be a "dismounted" battle fought in part on narrow streets, some of which were not wide enough for a vehicle to pass.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city is located about 225 miles northwest of Baghdad. While the Syrian city of Raqqa is considered the caliphate's de facto capital, Mosul is the largest city under its control. It is the last major IS urban stronghold in Iraq.
Related Video:
___
Associated Press writers Murtada Faraj in Baghdad and Lori Hinnant in Paris contributed to this report.
Sinan Salaheddin, The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES: DeMar DeRozan delivered 35 points and nailed a career-high matching six three pointers as the Toronto Raptors rebounded from Thursday's loss with an emphatic 130-105 demolition of the Portland Trail Blazers.
The Raptors' statement win on Friday night (Saturday in Manila) was not only their sixth consecutive over Portland but it came less than 24 hours after a disappointing 122-119 loss to the Washington Wizards.
“When you come off a loss like that you just can't wait to get back on the court and redeem yourself,” DeRozan said of the Raptors, who have the best winning record (20-4) in the league at home.
“That's what tonight was. We came back to our comfort zone on our home floor and we tried to have that energy that we didn't have last night.”
Fred VanVleet scored 16 points, Kyle Lowry had 15 and Pascal Siakam 13 for the Raptors, who made a season high 19 from beyond the arc.
DeRozan made 11 of 22 shots and matched his career-high for three-pointers. He finished six for 10 from long range.
“So many options opened up I just tried to exploit them,” he said.
Toronto shot 19 for 40 from behind the arc, with nine players making at least one three-pointer.
Portland's Damian Lillard became the fastest player in club history to reach 10,000 career points with a 32-point performance against Toronto.
The Blazers have lost five of their past seven on the road and they had a four-game win streak halted.
CJ McCollum scored 21 points and Jusuf Nurkic had 20 as the Blazers opened their February schedule on a losing note after winning a league high 11 games in the month of January.
Lillard headed into the contest just 12 points away from 10,000. He reached the milestone on a driving layup with 45 seconds left in the first quarter, then passed it with a three pointer at 9:06 of the second.
The Raptors' season-long four-game homestand continues Sunday against Memphis.
AFP
(Changes figure in headline to C$17.7 billion, from C$17.1 billion)
CALGARY, Alberta, March 30 Cenovus Energy shares tumbled more than 11 percent on Thursday after the Canadian company agreed to buy oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips for C$17.7 billion ($13.32 billion). Cenovus shares were last trading at C$15.44 on the Toronto Stock Exchange, down 11.5 percent on the day. ($1 = 1.3289 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Nia Williams)
Specialist fire crews are set to fly to the Chatham Islands to help volunteers fight a large blaze in a remote part of the main island.
The fire, which started on Thursday morning, has burned through an estimated 2000ha at Owenga Road, south of Waitangi Wharf, in the south.
Fire conditions eased overnight thanks to much-needed rain.
Residents along Waitangi Wharf - Owhenga road were able to return to their homes this morning after they were evacuated due to fears the wind strength could increase overnight.
Principal Rural Fire Officer Craig Cottrill said 14 Fire and Emergency New Zealand crew members would fly to the Chathams today to help tackle the blaze.
This included two teams of five specialist rural firefighters and four management specialists, who will board a charter aircraft with fuel, equipment and supplies for a two-week deployment.
Two helicopters with monsoon bucket capacity are also set to arrive on the island early this afternoon.
They will join eight fire volunteers, four Department of Conservation staff, and three local contractors working to contain the fire.
On Friday a Royal New Zealand Air Force Hercules also flew to the islands to conduct an aerial survey of the fire.
Two bodies were found in the sea off Sussex this morning, police have confirmed.
A fisherman alerted HM Coastguard after finding a body about two-and-a-half miles off Shoreham Harbour about 7am.
The bodies were found early this morning. Pictures: Eddie Mitchell
The RNLI Shoreham lifeboat was launched to recover the body and as they were returning to shore a second body was spotted in the water just before 8am, police say.
Both bodies were landed at Brighton Marina where they were handed to the coroner's officer.
They have not formally been identified at this time.
Police were unable to confirm if they were linked to the boat collision on Sunday, August 6.
Two Romanian men have been missing since the collision, another has been found dead and one survived.
​The recently published report titled ​United States All-Terrain Vehicles Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The United States All-Terrain Vehicles Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/360475
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the United States All-Terrain Vehicles Market
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Report 2018
1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
1.2 Classification of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) by Product Category
1.2.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Sales Volume) Comparison by Type (2013-2025)
1.2.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Sales Volume) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2017
1.2.3 Three Wheels
1.2.4 Four Wheels
1.2.5 Six Wheels
1.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market by Application/End Users
1.3.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Consumption) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2013-2025)
1.3.2 Household
1.3.3 Military
1.3.4 Commercial
1.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market by Region
1.4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2013-2025)
1.4.2 The West All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.3 Southwest All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.4 The Middle Atlantic All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.5 New England All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.6 The South All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.4.7 The Midwest All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Status and Prospect (2013-2025)
1.5 United States Market Size (Value and Volume) of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) (2013-2025)
1.5.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
1.5.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Growth Rate (2013-2025)
2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Competition by Players/Suppliers
2.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share of Key Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Share by Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Average Price by Players/Suppliers (2013-2018)
2.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Competitive Situation and Trends
2.4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Concentration Rate
2.4.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Players/Suppliers
2.4.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion in United States Market
2.5 United States Players/Suppliers All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type
3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Region (2013-2018)
3.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
3.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Market Share by Region (2013-2018)
3.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Price by Region (2013-2018)
4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) and Revenue (Value) by Type (Product Category) (2013-2018)
4.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Type (Product Category) (2013-2018)
4.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Revenue and Market Share by Type (2013-2018)
4.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Price by Type (2013-2018)
4.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Growth Rate by Type (2013-2018)
5 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales (Volume) by Application (2013-2018)
5.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales and Market Share by Application (2013-2018)
5.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Growth Rate by Application (2013-2018)
5.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities
6 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data
6.1 American Honda Motor Co. (USA)
6.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors
6.1.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.1.2.1 Product A
6.1.2.2 Product B
6.1.3 American Honda Motor Co. (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.2 Arctic Cat (USA)
6.2.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.2.2.1 Product A
6.2.2.2 Product B
6.2.3 Arctic Cat (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.3 Bobcat (USA)
6.3.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.3.2.1 Product A
6.3.2.2 Product B
6.3.3 Bobcat (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.4 Can Am (Canada)
6.4.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.4.2.1 Product A
6.4.2.2 Product B
6.4.3 Can Am (Canada) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.5 Honda (Japan)
6.5.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.5.2.1 Product A
6.5.2.2 Product B
6.5.3 Honda (Japan) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.6 HuntVe (USA)
6.6.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.6.2.1 Product A
6.6.2.2 Product B
6.6.3 HuntVe (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.6.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.7 Kawasaki Motors Corp (USA)
6.7.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.7.2.1 Product A
6.7.2.2 Product B
6.7.3 Kawasaki Motors Corp (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.7.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.8 KSR Group GmbH (Austria)
6.8.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.8.2.1 Product A
6.8.2.2 Product B
6.8.3 KSR Group GmbH (Austria) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.8.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.9 Polaris Industries Inc. (USA)
6.9.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.9.2.1 Product A
6.9.2.2 Product B
6.9.3 Polaris Industries Inc. (USA) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.9.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.10 Suzuki Motor Corporation (Japan)
6.10.2 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Product Category, Application and Specification
6.10.2.1 Product A
6.10.2.2 Product B
6.10.3 Suzuki Motor Corporation (Japan) All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2013-2018)
6.10.4 Main Business/Business Overview
6.11 Textron Off Road (USA)
6.12 Yamaha Motor Europe (Netherlands)
7 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Manufacturing Cost Analysis
7.1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Key Raw Materials Analysis
7.1.1 Key Raw Materials
7.1.2 Price Trend of Key Raw Materials
7.1.3 Key Suppliers of Raw Materials
7.1.4 Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials
7.2 Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure
7.2.1 Raw Materials
7.2.2 Labor Cost
7.2.3 Manufacturing Expenses
7.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV)
8 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
8.1 All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Industrial Chain Analysis
8.2 Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing
8.3 Raw Materials Sources of All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Major Manufacturers in 2017
8.4 Downstream Buyers
9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
9.1 Marketing Channel
9.1.1 Direct Marketing
9.1.2 Indirect Marketing
9.1.3 Marketing Channel Development Trend
9.2 Market Positioning
9.2.1 Pricing Strategy
9.2.2 Brand Strategy
9.2.3 Target Client
9.3 Distributors/Traders List
10 Market Effect Factors Analysis
10.1 Technology Progress/Risk
10.1.1 Substitutes Threat
10.1.2 Technology Progress in Related Industry
10.2 Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change
10.3 Economic/Political Environmental Change
11 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Market Size (Value and Volume) Forecast (2018-2025)
11.1 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume, Revenue Forecast (2018-2025)
11.2 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Type (2018-2025)
11.3 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Application (2018-2025)
11.4 United States All-Terrain Vehicles (ATV) Sales Volume Forecast by Region (2018-2025)
12 Research Findings and Conclusion
13 Appendices
13.1 Methodology/Research Approach
13.1.1 Research Programs/Design
13.1.2 Market Size Estimation
13.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
13.2 Data Source
13.2.1 Secondary Sources
13.2.2 Primary Sources
13.3 Disclaimer
To Purchase this Premium Report: ​http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/360475
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Legal
• Retirement
• Family Industry:
• Family Location:
• Brighton - Michigan - US
Contact
Christopher Berry
(888) 390-4360
chris@cjberrygroup.com Christopher Berry(888) 390-4360
End
-- Attorney Christopher J. Berry of the Elder Care Firm has earned one more laurel for his famed legal services for the elderly. He has been named by the renowned ABA Journal as a top 10% attorney and lawyer of distinction.The ABA Journal is the flagship publication of the American Bar Association. Christopher J. Berry, Esq., CELA, is the only Certified Elder Law Attorney in Livingston County, and one of only 17 in Michigan. He has also to his credit the distinction of being the second youngest lawyer to become a Certified Elder Law Attorney, known as the gold standard of this field, putting him in the top 0.1% of all attorneys for estate planning and elder law.The Elder Care Firm run by Chris Berry is known in the US as a top estate planning and elder law firm, having won a host of awards and recognition for its pioneering work in aid of Michigan seniors, veterans and their families. Apart from Elder law, the firm focuses on Medicaid planning to ensure timely benefits are obtained, retirement planning to get the best advantage of tax deferred plans, and estate planning, which allows everyone to create a suitable property plan for the future.Chris Berry has also done significant work for veterans' benefits, and his was one of the first VA accredited elder law attorneys in Michigan. His work in this field has been featured in the National Academy of Elder Attorneys journal. As a sought after speaker and write on elder law issues, Chris Berry is devoted to furthering the cause of long term care and asset protection. The Elder Law Firm has thus created the Castle Trust Plan for protection against lawsuits and taking care of long-term costs.The recognition by the ABA Journal underscores the important work that Attorney Christopher J. Berry has been involved with throughout his professional career. Berry has been recognized by Avvo, an unbiased and well-known attorney's national ranking system, and the Spirit of Detroit award for his efforts on behalf of the community of Metro-Detroit are rating other recognitions 10/10. For more information, please visit: www.michiganestateplanning.comFor all media inquiries please contact: Linda Zimmermann with Advantage Media Solutions, LLC, theadvantagemediasolutions@gmail.com
Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], Oct. 6 (ANI Businesswire India): In a bid to create awareness about para-sports and provide a platform to para sportspersons to narrate their stories of triumph and adversity,thenationspride.com, the country's first portal dedicated to para-sports was launched here today.
thenationspride.com is a non-profit initiative, helmed by 17-year-old Mumbai student and sports enthusiast, Saachi Munot.
The portal brings readers inspiring stories of Indian para-sportspersons, who have consistently delivered stellar performances on domestic and global arenas alike, but whose stories have largely gone untold or unheard. The portal, through its regular updates and incisive analysis, aims to evolve into the point of first reference for all para-sports related news and information, besides, serving as a bridge between India's vibrant and accomplished para sporting community and the society at large.
The portal features interviews with para-sportspersons, news and articles on para-sports, and information on upcoming para sporting events. The content is topical and offers holistic insight into the lives and accomplishments of Indian para-sportspersons and the broader evolving para-sports landscape in the country.
At the launch, Saachi said "With this initiative, I hope for para-sports to get better represented in the sports fabric of our society. The inspiring stories of para-sportspersons on our portal will go a long way in not only celebrating their achievements, and drawing inspiration from them, but also in sensitizing society to their needs and removing taboos and misconceptions about disability. As a non-profit, I am relying on a voluntary contribution by way of original content to make this portal sustainable and up with the times. I am hoping to motivate others to join this movement with me, and I am deeply thankful to those para-sportspersons, volunteers, sponsors and well-wishers who have agreed to spare their time and effort in this important initiative."
The website design is the result of a mobile-first approach that allows thenationspride.com to deliver a consistent experience for sports fans across computers, tablets or handsets. The website was made pro-bono by Ideate Labs, Mumbai. (ANI Businesswire India)
Mum claims breastfeeding daughter, 5, stops her getting ill
Emma Shardlow Hudson believes her daughter has never caught a cold because she's absorbed so many nutrients and antibodies from her milk.
The 29-year-old still breastfeeds daughter Alex, 5, and son Ollie, 2, in between other meals and sometimes tandem - feeding both children at once.
She says that when Alex started nursery she didn't pick up any of the same coughs and sniffles the other children developed, and credits her strong immune system to her breastmilk.
Emma, from Grimsby, Lincs, said: “When she started nursery there were quite a few bugs going around and she had nothing in comparison to her classmates.
“My kids are rarely ill, and I'm almost 100 percent positive that that is because of the antibodies in the milk.
“My husband Stuart is quite happy with it all. He can see it helps her so he's like whatever's best for her and you, which is what it is.
"He's not really got any massive opinion on it so long as everyone is happy. Obviously he knows the benefits of it. He's really supportive of it.”
Alex usually breastfeeds once in the morning and once in the evening, and Emma believes that she will soon stop nursing completely - although she adds that she will still demand milk from her when she's upset.
However, breastfeeding a child until the age of five is unusual, and Emma added that she has been left upset by negative comments, including people walking up and simply saying "urgh" to her.
Emma with Alex and Ollie and her husband Stuart (Image: Kennedy News)
Alex is in reception class at school but to Emma's knowledge is the only child who still breastfeeds. She has had more positive reactions to breastfeeing in public than negative but says that it is the negative reactions that have put some of her friends off doing it out of the house.
Emma said: “Some people just tut and others actually go ‘ugh' and walk away. It's not happened often which is amazing.
"I have friends who don't breastfeed in public anymore because they're that scared which is horrible.
"It's only happened three or four times in those five years but if someone is not as confident as I've got over time with it they would probably find it quite off-putting. "Apparently that old phrase ‘if you've got nothing nice to say don't say anything at all' doesn't apply to breastfeeding.
"I have had people come over when I feed the babies in their sling and people come over and go ‘oh they're so lovely, are they sleeping?' and then go ‘oh, are you feeding!
"That's lovely' which is really nice. Then they have a nice reaction so that's the flipside.
"I've had more of those comments than the negative ones but you remember the negative ones more - they make more of an impact unfortunately.
"It's something that should be so normal and it's what breasts are for ultimately.”
The NHS recommends all babies are exclusively breastfed until at least six months old, while 73 percent of new mums choose to nurse from birth.
However, by the time a baby reaches their first birthday, just one in every 200 babies is still being breastfed.
Read more: You could be fined £95 for parking in a supermarket parent space
Emma says she has had people say "urgh" to her as she breastfeeds her eldest (Image: Kennedy News)
The breastfeeding bond is something that Emma has inherited from her own mother, who breastfed her children until each was two years old.
Professional photographer Emma said: “I don't see breastfeeding as something to be embarrassed about.
"It completely equalises everyone because all women regardless of background can all do the same thing.
“Lots of people stop breastfeeding at three months because they get recommended stopping, which I think is a shame.
“It's one of the biggest achievements of my life for sure, being able to nurture a child with my own body.
“It's a completely selfless thing to do, but it's probably the hardest thing I have ever done in my life too.
“It's nice for me to be able to provide that for her.
Live updates: State of emergency as Christchurch Port Hills fire worsens, prompts more evacuations
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Orthopedic Products Market report provides the latest market data along with industry future trends, which keeps tracking of users driving revenue growth rate of Orthopedic Products Market by type (joint reconstruction, spine, trauma, arthroscopy/soft tissue repair, orthobiologics) market status and outlook of global and major regions, from manufacturers, and end industries. As this report is expected to help key players among the Orthopedic Products Market it includes the five years Industry analysis and the 6 years annual forecast from 2017 to 2023. Some of the prominent participants in the Global Orthopedic Products Market are Zimmer Biomet, DePuy Synthes, Stryker Corporation, Smith & Nephew plc, Wright Medical Group N.V., Arthrex Inc., Sanofi S.A., NuVasive, Inc., Integra lifesciences and Medtronic plc. According to report the global orthopedic products market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 2.7% over the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get free Sample Pages of this Premium Report: – https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/reports/sample_request/171
Increasing Availability of Emerging Technologies like 3D Printing, Robotics, and Customizable Implants Further Expected to Propel the Market in the Coming Years
The increasing incidence of sports injuries, osteoarthritis, osteoporosis, and obesity, combined with the ever-increasing aging population globally is the key growth drivers of the global orthopedic products market. Along with these factors, increasing availability of emerging technologies like 3D printing, robotics, and customizable implants further expected to propel the market in the coming years. Some of the key technologies in the orthopedics market could play a major role in the shaping of the market in the next few years. Robotics and computer navigated surgeries continue to gain momentum as robotic and advanced computer technologies are used in knee and joint replacement surgeries, as well as cartilage repair procedures. Customized orthopedic implants are also increasing in the market as the demand for patient-specific implantation rises.
Segment Covered
The report on global orthopedic products market covers type segment. On the basis of type the global orthopedic products market is categorized into joint reconstruction, spine, trauma, arthroscopy/soft tissue repair, orthobiologics and others.
North America to Witness the Highest Growth during the Forecast Period
The report provides regional analysis covering geographies such as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In this section the key trends and market size for each geography is provided over the period of 2015-2023.The countries covered in the North America region include the U.S., Canada, and Mexico; while Asia-Pacific includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Malaysia, and among others. Moreover, Germany, U.K., France, Spain, and Rest of Europe are included in the European region. The U.S. drives the growth in the North America region as it is the largest market in the region. The Asia-pacific region offers a substantial potential for the market growth owing to rapid growth in markets such as India and China. The APAC region is projected to experience a growth at a CAGR of x.x% over the period of 2017-2023.
Major Key Players Mantioned in this Report
The report provides profiles of the companies in the global orthopedic products market such as, Zimmer Biomet, DePuySynthes, Stryker Corporation, Smith & Nephew plc, Wright Medical Group N.V., Arthrex Inc., Sanofi S.A., NuVasive, Inc., Integra lifesciences and Medtronic plc.
Table of Contents:-
1. Preface
1.1. Report Description
1.2. Research Methods
1.3. Research Approaches
2. Executive Summary
3. Global Orthopedic Products Market Overview
3.1. Introduction
3.2. Market Dynamics
3.2.1. Drivers
3.2.2. Restraints
3.2.3. Opportunities
3.3. Porter's Five Forces Analysis
3.4. IGR-Growth Matrix Analysis
3.5. Competitive Landscape in the Global Orthopedic Products Market
4. Global Orthopedic Products Market by Type
4.1. Joint Reconstruction
4.2. Spine
4.3. Trauma
4.4. Arthroscopy/Soft Tissue Repair
4.5. Orthobiologics
4.6. Others
5. Global Orthopedic Products Market by Region 2017-2024
5.1. North America
5.1.1. North America Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.1.2. North America Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.2. Europe
5.2.1. Europe Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.2.2. Europe Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.3. Asia-Pacific
5.3.1. Asia-Pacific Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.3.2. Asia-Pacific Orthopedic Products Market by Country
5.4. RoW
5.4.1. RoW Orthopedic Products Market by Type
5.4.2. RoW Orthopedic Products Market by Sub-region
6. Company Covered
6.1. Zimmer Biomet
6.2. DepuySynthes
6.3. Stryker Corporation
6.4. Smith & Nephew PLC
6.5. Wright Medical Group N.V.
6.6. Arthrex Inc.
6.7. Sanofi S.A.
6.8. Nuvasive, Inc.
6.9. Integra Lifesciences
6.10. Medtronic Plc
Browse Detailed TOC, Description and Companies Mentioned in Report @
https://www.infiniumglobalresearch.com/healthcare_medical_devices/global_orthopedic_products_market
To mark the arrival of Kimpton® De Witt in Amsterdam – Kimpton's first hotel in Europe and outside the Americas – the in-hotel florist together with team members have taken to the streets to ‘vandalise' bikes with beautiful flower arrangements.
Within hours, hundreds of bikes across Dam Square, Centraal Station and Museumplein, to name a few areas, will be carefully decorated with striking floral designs, bringing a touch of Kimpton's fun and playful personality to the streets of Amsterdam. Nature and botanicals are key themes for Kimpton De Witt, from the living wall at the entrance and a local Dutch florist ‘Frank' on site to the indoor courtyard, bird-shaped bedside lights and Pols Potten porcelain gold-dipped parrot statues.
Along with flowers, the Kimpton De Witt team will place printed notes by Amsterdam-based illustrator Hyshil Sander on each bicycle that encourage people to post a picture to Instagram along with #dewittamsterdam. Anyone who posts with the hashtag has a chance to receive a personalised gift. As Kimpton is committed to delivering ridiculously personalised experiences, the team will match gifts according to personal preferences. Special treats include an invite to pop in for a free coffee and order of sugar-dusted beignets at Miss Louisa Coffee & Beignets, a cocktail on the house at House Bar or even a free night's stay.
General Manager Mike Robinson says: “We want to surprise our local Amsterdam community with an unexpected ‘Kimpton moment' that puts a smile on their faces and encourages them to pop in and check out their new neighbour.”
Kimpton De Witt opened on 22 May. Set within two original buildings from the Dutch Golden Age in the Palace Quarter neighbourhood, steps away from Amsterdam's Centraal Station, Kimpton De Witt has 274 guest rooms, including 9 signature suites — many of which have private terraces with a bird's-eye view of the city. The hotel features Kimpton's much-loved unique and personal touches with a local slant: guests can pedal away and explore the city on complimentary VanMoof bikes; share an evening drink with the team at the nightly hosted ‘Social Hour'; and feel pampered with luxurious in-room toiletries from Amsterdam-based natural skin care brand Marie-Stella-Maris (also available to purchase in the hotel's pop-up shop).
For those who don't receive blooms and are curious to find out more about the hotel or the newest restaurants and bars in Amsterdam, follow Kimpton De Witt on Instagram, like on Facebook or stop by for a coffee, cocktail or dinner. Learn more at www.kimptondewitthotel.com.
In 2015, Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants was welcomed into the IHG family. Kimpton De Witt is the first Kimpton hotel to open in Europe and the first outside the Americas, with a second hotel scheduled to open in Paris in 2020. There are currently over 60 Kimpton hotels and more than 70 restaurants across Europe and the Americas. This is IHG's 20th hotel in The Netherlands and an exciting addition to the 675 IHG hotels across Europe.
FILE PHOTO: People lay flowers during a memorial to pay tribute to the victims of the St. Petersburg metro blast that took place on April 3, in central Moscow, Russia April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
MOSCOW Russia's Federal Security Service has identified the person who orchestrated an attack that killed 14 people on the St. Petersburg metro earlier this month, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday, citing FSB chief Alexander Bortnikov.
"He has been provisionally identified. Yes, yes, identified," agencies cited Bortnikov as saying.
Police have so far detained 10 people they suspect of being involved in the attack.
(Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Denis Pinchuk; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
Disgraced TV star Roseanne Barr has gone into meltdown a day after her sitcom was axed over her racist tweets with another barrage of strange posts.
Despite repeatedly apologising and telling fans not to defend her, she continued to retweet their supportive messages, prompting some to doubt her sincerity.
"It was sincere, but there's just a limit of bullying I'm going to remain silent for. go away," she tweeted on Wednesday morning local time, telling another critic, "I've been punished enough and have my own story to tell."
Responding to a photo someone shared of her dressed as Hitler, the disgraced actor wrote, "I'm a Jew, bigot."
Advertisement
thanks for supporting me! I gave them the weapon to kill me-I was not equipped to take all the heat. I cracked & made a stupid insensitive joke-it's my fault. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
cuz i've been punished enough and have my own story to tell — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
no, i didnt i blamed myself. stop lying. Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully? — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
I'm a Jew, bigot — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
im no longer green, genius — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
i blamed myself, genius — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Barr told one supporter: "I gave them the weapon to kill me — I was not equipped to take all the heat. I cracked & made a stupid insensitive joke — it's my fault."
She even retweeted a Charlie Sheen post that read "adios Roseanne!" and said the runway was now clear for a reboot of his sitcom, Two And A Half Men.
The actress's rebooted hit TV show was abruptly axed by US network ABC after she compared a black former Obama administration official Valerie Jarrett to an ape, writing that if the Islamist political movement "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby = vj."
Donald Trump has now weighed in on the drama, asking why the ABC had apologised to Jarrett but not to him for "HORRIBLE statements" made about him on the network.
Barr earlier said she "felt bad" for the US President because "he goes thru this every single day."
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
adios
Roseanne!
good
riddance.
hashtag
NOT Winning.
the
runway is
now clear
for
OUR reboot.
©#CharlieHarperReturns pic.twitter.com/HcqMvIoxCM — Charlie Sheen (@charliesheen) May 29, 2018
Barr then clumsily apologised, saying she was "not racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke."
Despite initially saying she was leaving Twitter, she then backtracked and became more vocal than ever, taking shots at two cast members who called her out for her "abhorrent" rant.
Donald Trump weighed in on the drama, asking why the ABC had apologised to Jarrett but not to him for "HORRIBLE statements" made about him on the network. Photo / AP
In a series of tweets unleashed hours after she was fired, Barr said she did something "unforgivable", "egregious" and "indefensible" and admitted she "went too far".
She said her original comments were a result of "Ambien tweeting" — a reference to the sleeping pill.
When she was called out for making excuses, she answered: "No, i didnt i blamed myself. stop lying. Yes, I have had odd ambien experiences on tweeting late at night-like many other ppl do. I BLAME MYSELF OK? it's just an explanation not an excuse, Ok, bully?"
Sara Gilbert, who plays her on-screen daughter, tweeted: "Roseanne's recent comments ... and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least."
Barr replied simply: "Wow! unreal."
She later told a fan: "I understand her position and why she said what she said. i forgive her. It just shocked me a bit, but I indeed f***ed up."
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
She's distancing herself from me and my tweet-she has to. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
She also took aim at Michael Fishman, who has played her on-screen son since the show's start in 1988.
Fishman wrote: "Today is one of the hardest days of my life. I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience who welcomed us into their homes.
"Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strives for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness."
Barr took exception to that. "I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. Nice!" she tweeted.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
The comedian declared she wasn't a racist, and tweeted at Jarrett directly to apologise for "hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet".
"I am truly sorry — my whole life has been about fighting racism," her tweet to Jarrett continued. "I made a terrible mistake which caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry!"
While apologising repeatedly, Barr's choice of retweets from supporters justifying her original, racist message struck a defiant tone — they included a post that juxtaposed an image of Jarrett with an image of a Planet of the Apes actor and another that said she didn't know the Obama staffer was black.
i'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke. thank you for defending me tho- — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
She appeared to justify that move by tweeting that, while she was sorry for the joke that started it all, she would continue to defend herself.
She also suggested that US network ABC axed the show because of a "threatened boycott" from the show's advertisers by "ppl who do that sort of thing".
Critics leapt upon that declaration with swift replies, including: "I heard it was because your actions had consequences. Put your big girl pants on and take responsibility."
"I heard it was because you can't keep your racist typing hands off of social media," another added.
‘The markets will teach the Italians to vote for the right thing,' Günther Oettinger, the EU's budget commissioner, is reported to have said on Tuesday.
The comment was like dynamite in Italy. A commissioner daring to tell the Italians how they should vote. A German at that . . . the jackbooted rulers of the EU, in the current demonology of the Italian street.
But he didn't say it.
And by the time the quote, which had been mistranslated from German, was corrected, he had been rebuked by his boss, European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker, and president of the European Council, Donald Tusk.
Calls for his resignation and firing filled the Italian airways. In the press room here, they were being echoed with increasing persistence. And he had already issued a grovelling apology saying that he fully respected “the will of voters being left, right or centre and in every country”.
“By referring to the actual market developments in Italy, I did not mean to be disrespectful and I apologise for this. Italy as a founding member played and plays an important role in European integration and I hope it will continue on this path,” he said.
Then the correction was made and Bernd Thomas Riegert, the journalist responsible, deleted his tweet on the matter with an apology of his own.
What Oettinger actually said to him was “My concern and expectation is that the coming weeks will show that the development of the markets, government bonds and the economy of Italy will be so far-reaching that this will be a possible signal to voters not to vote for populists on the right or left.”
Common sense
In truth, it was an observation that most here would see as commonplace, common sense. But the hint that Italians were not masters of their own fate was enough to spawn a hurricane of rage.
These people treat Italy like a summer camp where they go to spend vacation,” Di Maio tweeted. “But in a few months we will have a government of change and we will finally get respect in Europe"
No question of firing Oettinger, however. The blunt-speaking German Christian Democrat is in charge of the biggest and most fraught dossier in the commission, the negotiation of the post-2020 post-Brexit EU budget. An exercise in herding wild cats that is bigger than Brexit. This week commissioners have been unveiling its detail bit by bit. Hardly any of it is uncontroversial and Oettinger will be key to brokering an eventual deal.
But, as we hapless hacks rediscover to our frustration at every commission midday briefing, there is a vow of omerta among the college and its service on Italy. Oettinger broke it.
The commission doesn't do comment on the internal affairs of member states, we are told again and again. No comment. Even though the Italian crisis may be jeopardising the euro and feeding populism across the union. No comment. Bigger than Brexit, some are saying. No comment.
Fiddling while Rome burns.
Contributed immensely
The commission did manage to issue a statement on behalf of Juncker, saying that “Italy's fate does not lie in the hands of the financial markets”.
“Regardless of which political party may be in power, Italy is a founding member of the European Union that has contributed immensely to European integration. Juncker is convinced that Italy will continue on its European path. The commission is ready to work with Italy with responsibility and mutual respect. Italy deserves respect.” Blah.
Meanwhile in Italy – you'd think there were bigger things to worry about – Five-Star Movement leader Luigi Di Maio denounced the misquoted remarks as “absurd”.
“These people treat Italy like a summer camp where they go to spend vacation,” Di Maio tweeted. “But in a few months we will have a government of change and we will finally get respect in Europe.”
League party leader Matteo Salvini also tweeted a screenshot of the journalist's deleted tweet and said “Crazy, in Brussels they are without shame. The EU budget commissioner, the German Oettinger says the markets will show Italians the right way to vote. If that isn't a threat . . . I am not scared.”
He demanded that Oettinger resign.
One of the media commentators thundered “Italy is not a colony of Germany or EU.” No. Italy is a vast galleon, the fourth largest economy in the EU, drifting rudderless. And as Oettinger has also observed recently, Italy is “essentially barely governable”.
But, he said in his unfortunate DW interview “We are counting on potential elections to bring a result with which Italy can be governed in a pro-European way.” Hoping against hope.
COLUMBUS, Ind. -- A 7-year-old Columbus girl was treated for the flu and scarlet fever before her death, according to the coroner.
Bartholomew County Coroner Clayton Nolting said Savanna Jessie was found unresponsive in her home Thursday morning and rushed to Columbus Regional Hospital where she was pronounced dead.
Nolting said the child was being treated after testing positive for influenza B, strep throat and scarlet fever.
An autopsy will be performed by a forensic pathologist to determine her exact cause of death.
Nolting says a final ruling on her cause of death is pending review of medical records, toxicology and histology reports and could take up to three weeks.
According to a YouCaring page set up for the family, Savanna leaves behind her father, mother and several siblings.
"Savanna was a beautiful, funny, loving little girl. She had a very wonderful and tight-knit family," page organizer Linda Schadenfroh posted. "She was not the type to complain about the things she didn't have or what others did have. Savanna valued everything she had. She was a fly by the seat of the pants kind of girl. She loved everybody and everybody loved her."
Bartholomew Consolidated School Corporation released a statement Friday afternoon saying a first grader at CSA Lincoln Elementary School had died.
You can read their full statement and information to parents below.
City Ends FY17 Below Expected Budget August 12, 2017
By Stephanie Edwards
Tribune Reporter
The City of Lee's Summit ended the fiscal year $1.3 million dollars under budget in the General Fund, Management Analyst Jack Feldman reported at the August 7 Finance and Budget Committee meeting. “It's a pretty good year on that front,” he said.
Feldman presented the FY17 General Fund financial dashboard to the Committee. The numbers run through June 30, the last day of the fiscal year.
The 2017 numbers are preliminary and unaudited, he explained. As of July 28, the Finance Department is still working invoices and accruals.
“Once the numbers are audited we will have the final picture of how 2017 ended,” Feldman told the Committee.
The City spent $65.2 million overall from the General Fund in 2017.
Several accounts are currently under budget, though as the numbers continue to come in the totals may wind up closer to projections.
One account of note, under “miscellaneous,” was $223,000 under budget. The category includes spending by the City Council.
Looking over spending by department, Feldman explained that the annual “clean-up” amendment will come forward in order to reconcile accounts under police, fire, and finance.
A more full report is forthcoming, he said.
Revenues came in at $2.8 million over budget, or 4.5 percent over budgeted amounts. The total is 2.3 percent over last year, Feldman continued.
The Charges for Services category saw significant increases over last year, due in part to increased ambulance fees last March. “It's a category that is generating a sizable amount of revenue for us,” he said. “But, that is to recover 50 percent of our costs for E.M.S. services.”
Other increased revenues were reflected in Licenses and Permits due to economic development projects that have been coming through.
Over the past five years, property taxes have remained steady in accounting for about 30 percent of the City's revenue. Sales taxes have increased about one percent over the same five years, making up about 23 percent of revenue this year.
Franchise taxes have continued in a downward pattern, decreasing from 24 percent in 2013 to just 20 percent in 2017. The trend is expected to continue.
Other revenues, including Charges for Service and License and Permits categories, continued to rise. “That has been a source of growth for us,” Feldman explained.
Sales tax revenues have continued an upward trend.
“It's a great story in growth,” he said. Despite “one or two nervy months” sales tax revenue is expected to continue to grow in FY18.
Councilmembers Craig Faith, Phyllis Edson and Dave Mosby joined Chair Mayor Pro Tem Rob Binney at the meeting.
Single family home sales on Maui increased 8.5% from last year and 3% from month before levels according to new data released by the Realtors Association of Maui.
There were 72 homes sold in November for a median price of $689K. In October, 112 homes sold for a median price of $668,675.
The greatest activity was in Kīhei where 19 homes sold for a median price of $640,000. In October, 12 homes sold in Kīhei for a median price of $800,000.
Seventeen homes sold in Wailuku in November for a median price of $600,000, followed by Pukalani with six homes sold for a median price of $680,500.
There were 126 condominium units sold on Maui for a median price of $400K, down from the 135 condos sold from the month before and down from the median price of $517,500.
There were 62 sold in Kīhei for a median price of $367,500, up from the month before when 49 were sold for a median price of $357,500, followed by Nāpili/Kahana/Honokōwai with 20 sold at a median price of $445K, down from the 22 sold in October for a median price of $412,500.
New listings decreased 0.7% for single family homes and 40.1% for condominiums in November. RAM states that in year-over-year comparisons, the number of homes for sale has been fewer in most locales, and homes have been selling in fewer days for higher prices. RAM says that fact hasn't always been true, but it has been a common enough storyline to make it an overarching trend for the year.
ADVERTISEMENT
Pending sales increased 20.8% for single family homes and 7.3% for condominium homes in November with inventory decreasing 10.3% for single family homes and 29.6% for condominium homes.
Days on Market decreased 20.4% for single family homes and 13.4% for condominium homes.
So far this year, up to the end of November, 1,010 single family homes have sold on Maui compared to the 978 that were sold at the same time last year, a difference of +3.3%; for an average sales price of $1,028,786 compared to $955,412 from the same time last year, a difference of $73,373 and +7.7%.
The YTD median sales price on Maui as of Nov. 30, 2017 is $695K, up $60,000 from the November 2016 YTD median price of $635K, a 9.4% increase.
RAM also stated that a new tax legislation could have ramifications on housing. According to RAM, The White House believes that the tax reform bill will have a small impact on home prices, lowering them by less than 4%, and could conceivably boost home ownership. The National Association of REALTORS® has stated that eliminating the mortgage interest deduction could hurt housing, as the doubled standard deduction would reduce the desire to take out a mortgage and itemize the interest associated with it, thus reducing demand.
Floormat.com is now accepting all the major payment options on its website. The Ohio mat manufacturer wants its customers to use the most convenient financial services company when purchasing its matting products.
Customers can now purchase from Floormat.com using five different payment systems. The company has partnered with all the major financial service corporations in its bid to ensure convenience and safety in its online matting business. After introducing a fully fledged matting store on its website a few years ago, Floormat.com has enhanced its customer services by introducing multiple payment options on its website. The company launched a fully secure shopping cart on its online shopping platform that enables customers to buy its products 24 hours a day throughout the year.
Floormat.com has finally added all the major payment systems to its website. The company has optimized its ecommerce shopping portal with five payment options. Customers can now clear their online shopping cart bills using MasterCard, VISA, American Express, Discover, and PayPal. The first four payment options are major credit and debit card financial services while PayPal is one of the most secure online payment systems. After choosing their desired matting products on the company's online store, customers will now be able to choose their most convenient payment method when closing the sale. Currently, the company is not charging any shipping fees for all matting orders of over $99 in the U.S. However, this does not include orders to be shipped to Hawaii, Alaska, US territories and principalities, and all foreign countries. All the other shipping details are featured on the firm's website. The company sends all the purchase details to the client's signup email address as backup. The company's latest posts can be followed at
https://plus.google.com/u/0/109739922304473426835/posts/7DcGQ3mFDYF
About Us
Floormat.com is an Ohio-based mat producer and supplier. Since it was founded in 1951, the company has always emphasized its problem-solving approach Truematch, and its consultative protocol ADAPT to produce the most optimized, proficient, and long-lasting solution to any matting problem. The company is renowned for dealing in a wide range of matting products covering all kinds of floor safety solutions including logo mats, entrance mats, heated mats, industrial mats, anti-slip tape & treads, cleaners & aseptics, noise & vibration pads, specialty products etc. All from its in-house productions, as well as from topnotch matting brands like Brite Trac, Wayfarer, Hog Heaven, Web Trax, Grip Rock, Super G, Classic Impressions, Waterhog, Legacy, and Glo Brite, among many others. Reviews of the floor mat company can be seen at https://www.google.com/maps/place/Floormat.com/@39.9625489,-82.7779399,12z/data=!4m17!1m11!4m10!1m3!2m2!1d-82.7092754!2d39.9674169!1m5!1m1!1s0x88386f0c0254bca9:0xfb4775168abb8a76!2m2!1d-82.7079!2d39.96257!3m4!1s0x88386f0c0254bca9:0xfb4775168abb8a76!8m2!3d39.96257!4d-82.7079
CONTACT:
Nino Cervi
Company: Floormat.com
Address: 101 Progressive Drive, Etna, Ohio 43062
Phone: 800-876-1312
Fax: 440-951-1315
Email: info@floormat.com
Website: https://www.floormat.com
SEOUL (Reuters) - All of the almost 3,000 athletes competing at the upcoming Pyeongchang Winter Olympics are set to get perks including the latest $1,100 Samsung smartphones, top of the range new equipment to take home and sleek Nike uniforms.
All except perhaps the 22 athletes from North Korea.
Tough international sanctions including travel restrictions and a ban on the sale of luxury goods and sports gear have complicated South Korean Olympic organisers' efforts to provide their northern neighbours with the same benefits available to other Olympians.
For months, South Korean President Moon Jae-in has sought North Korea's participation in the hopes it will ease tensions between the still officially warring nations and prevent the kind of violent incidents which have plagued previous major events hosted by the South.
Officials have rolled out the red carpet and are keen to make sure the visits go off without a hitch.
North Korean female ice hockey players and their South Korean teammates, who will compete as one nation in the Games for the first time, have been living and training together this week, even sharing a birthday cake.
Other members of the North Korean delegation, such as the cheer squad, will be housed in luxury hotels.
Overshadowing those efforts, however, are a host of U.S. and U.N. Security Council sanctions on Pyongyang over its efforts to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States.
At almost every turn, South Korea has had to go great lengths to make sure its hospitalities don't run afoul of sanctions or other laws, according to several South Korean officials.
Just raising the North Korean flag alongside other national banners in the Olympic Villages required an exemption from South Korean laws banning praise of the North Korea regime, a Pyeongchang organising committee official told Reuters.
The officials all declined to be identified due to the sensitive nature of the matter.
NO GALAXY NOTE 8, NO NIKE?
Samsung Electronics, an official sponsor of the Winter Games, is offering 4,000 Galaxy Note 8 smartphones specially designed for the Olympics to “all” of the participating athletes.
The International Olympic Committee will distribute them, a Samsung Electronics spokesman told Reuters.
But South Korea is not sure if North Korean athletes will be eligible for the treats because of U.N. Security Council sanctions, an Olympics organiser told Reuters.
The official declined to elaborate, but experts say providing the $1,100 Samsung phone could violate U.N. sanctions that ban the sale of luxury items and electronics with a potential “dual” commercial and military use.
Meanwhile, the joint women's hockey team will wear uniforms made by a Finnish company instead of official sponsor Nike, because of concerns about U.S. sanctions, another South Korean government official told Reuters.
Unilateral U.S. sanctions go far beyond the U.N. sanctions, effectively banning U.S. companies and individuals from trading with North Korea.
“We are trying to figure out ways to live up to the sanctions,” the official said.
An employee wipes a Samsung Electronics' smartphone at its booth in Pyeongchang, South Korea, February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Nike said it would comply with U.S. sanctions.
“The Korean women's hockey team will not compete in Nike uniforms,” a company spokeswoman told Reuters.
North Korean athletes will also have to return Finnish hockey sticks, skates and other equipment the IIHF has “rented” for them when they leave South Korea, the official said.
The federation was not immediately available for comments.
FLIGHT RISK
South Korea's unification ministry said it had sought and received temporary permission from the United States to fly an airliner to North Korea this week.
A Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S8 smartphone is seen on display at its booth in Pyeongchang, South Korea, February 2, 2018. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
The flight took South Korean athletes for training in a ski resort in the North on Wednesday, and brought North Korean athletes to the South on Thursday.
Any aircraft or ship visiting North Korea is banned for 180 days from entering the United States. The exemption granted this week only applies to the latest flight, meaning U.S. approval is needed any time North Korean officials visit during the Olympics by airplane or ferry.
A spokesman for the U.S. State Department said Washington was in “close contact with the Republic of Korea on our unified response to North Korea.”
A U.S. Treasury official said the department evaluates applications “for certain prohibited transactions and activities, which can include those related to the upcoming Olympics”, without giving more detail.
For this week's flight, an Airbus aircraft was used rather than one made by U.S. Boeing due to stricter U.S. sanctions, South Korean broadcaster Channel A reported. Asiana Airlines, who operated the plane, declined to comment.
To comply with South Korean military rules, the airliner had to fly some distance out to sea to avoid flying over the heavily fortified Demilitarised Zone, the unification ministry said.
FIVE-STAR HOTEL
The North Korean Olympians are staying at the athletes' village in Gangneung with athletes from other countries. The Olympics organising committee was unable to say whether they are being given any special treatment, such as beefed up protection.
North Korea's 230-member cheering squad is expected to stay at Inje Speedium, according to a unification ministry official, a four-star hotel surrounded by forest. Rooms there cost 242,000 won ($226) to 715,000 won per night.
Its taekwondo performance team will stay at the five-star Grand Walkerhill in Seoul, which overlooks the Han River and previously hosted American stars such as Michael Jackson and Paris Hilton.
The spending is not unprecedented. When North Koreans visited the South for the Asian Games in 2002, the Seoul government spent 1.3 billion won hosting them.
But now, even paying for routine things such as medical treatment or providing souvenirs can run into problems, said Yoo Ho-yeol, a professor at Korea University in Seoul.
“Benefits provided to North Korean delegation, which were in the past were not subject to sanctions, can now become a controversy, since sanctions have become much more comprehensive in recent years,” he said.
Darije Kalezic is light on detail but heavy on sentiment - that change has to happen at the Wellington Phoenix.
The first-year coach cut a resigned figure after last-placed Phoenix crashed to a 4-0 loss to Sydney FC, underlining why the teams sit at opposite ends of the A-League ladder.
The runaway league leaders barely got out of second gear to beat the cellar dwellers on home soil, needing only to capitalise on fundamental Phoenix mistakes for three of their goals.
It was their 14th win and Wellington's 10th loss, delivering another blow to the visitors' fading play-off hopes.
Kalezic admits his mind is turning towards next season, and the fundamental changes that apparently await.
"I know exactly what we have to do, and we have to do a lot different than what we did this year and in previous years," he said.
"And now we are talking about that and our conversations and our meetings give me a really positive feeling. We will see in the next weeks what is going to happen."
The Swiss mentor, who has overseen just three wins in 18 games, said he has started to grasp some of the fundamental issues facing not just the Phoenix, but the wider game in New Zealand.
He wants to play a part in a repair job.
"I honestly believe we can turn that situation in a positive way, and this is something that gives me energy and keeps me positive.
"I think in the A-League with a smart vision, with a smart programme, there is not so huge difference between the clubs in terms of budget and in terms of everything."
Kalezic was disappointed his team couldn't produce a better performance for captain Andrew Durante, who was playing his record-breaking 279th A-League match.
He said he was "glad" to get to know the central defender in what is probably his final season and said he had the sort of personality to move into an off-field role at the Phoenix.
Ironically Durante was at fault in some of the errors at the back which proved so costly although Kalezic didn't want to point at individuals.
"Those mistakes are not permitted at this level and that's all I can say," Kalezic said.
"If I'm going to work as a coach on those mistakes, then that has nothing to do with professional football.
"It's just a quality difference, and that's it."
The coach's lone silver lining was a promising debut display from 17-year-old defender Liberato Cacace, who was injected for the last 36 minutes.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Video
A scheme to reduce plastic waste by offering free water bottle refills in shops and cafes has taken hold in Brighton.
Refill began life in Bristol and has spread across the UK.
Industry body Water UK said it was going to join forces with Refill to bring the scheme to every major town in England by 2021.
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of her world tour tour because of “severe pain."
Two shows at London's O2 Arena and a concert at Manchester Arena are among those axed by the pop star who suffers from fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
The US star revealed she decided to axe the remaining dates on Friday night with support from her medical team.
Lady Gaga performed at the Arena Birmingham on Wednesday and the Genting Arena on Thursday to rave reviews.
She was due to perform at at her first London gig tomorrow. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, she said: “I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
“I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio.
“I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you forever, XX Gaga.”
Another statement released on Twitter read: “Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform alivge.
“As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour.
“Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
“She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently.”
The European leg of the tour - named after her fifth album Joanne which was influenced by the death of her aunt Joanne Stefani Germanotta - was rescheduled for 2018.
She had been due to perform for two nights in Birmingham last October but postponed all her dates after being taken to hospital with severe pain in September.
An official statement released at the time said: "Lady Gaga is suffering from severe physical pain that has impacted her ability to perform.
"Lady Gaga is devastated that she has to wait to perform for her European fans. She wants to give her fans the best version of the show she built for them when the tour resumes.
"Lady Gaga sends her love to all her fans across Europe and thanks them for their support and understanding."
BERLIN (AP) — A tunnel-boring machine apparently caught fire Monday deep inside a railway tunnel being built under the Austrian Alps, prompting 12 workers to take shelter, police said. The whereabouts of another three people weren't immediately clear.
The machine either caught fire or emitted smoke, and 12 workers are believed to have taken shelter in a safety container inside the tunnel, said Stefan Eder, a spokesman for police in Tyrol province.
He said the incident happened "relatively deep inside" the Brenner tunnel, which aims to link Innsbruck and central Europe with northern Italy. Police said it could be some time before officials have more information on the situation.
An earlier report by public broadcaster ORF said 18 people had sought shelter in the safety container.
Advertisement
The Brenner tunnel is supposed to be completed in 2025.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - Two Virginia state policemen were killed on Saturday when a helicopter in which they were riding crashed after assisting in efforts to quell clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The pair were among three people who authorities said died in connection with the violence near the main campus of the University of Virginia. A 32-year-old woman died when a car ploughed into a crowd dispersing after police broke up the melee in the city's downtown.
The helicopter pilot, Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, of Midlothian, Virginia, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, 40, of Quinton, Virginia, died at the scene of the crash in Albemarle County, the state police said in a statement included in a Twitter message sent by NBC29 of Charlottesville.
No one on the ground was injured, it said.
President Donald Trump sent his condolences to the families of the officers and their colleagues in the Virginia State Police.
"You're all among the best this nation produces," Trump said in a Twitter message.
The Bell 407 helicopter went down 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Charlottesville, Jim Peters, a spokesman for the Federal Aviation Administration, said in an email.
National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Peter Knudson said the cause of the crash had not been determined. The NTSB is sending investigators to the scene, he said.
Recruiting enough Kiwis to fill the Government's ambitious target to add 1800 extra cops by 2020 will be challenging, according to the Government.
Police Minister Stuart Nash told 1 NEWS it's finding enough people, not money or facilities, that will make the target a stretch to achieve, but at this stage recruitment is going well and the Government is on-track.
Mr Nash made the comments at a graduation ceremony for 78 officers at the police college in Porirua today.
"The quality of recruits that are coming through NZ police services - astoundingly good," he said.
"You had national reps there, you had people with masters degrees, you had law and commerce degrees, you had people from 13 different countries," he said about today's graduates, which ranged in age from 19 to 47.
The wing is the largest Auckland-only group to graduate in 40 years.
Mr Nash said he is taking criticism about the Government's 1800 extra cop target from National MP Chris Bishop "with a grain of salt".
"Between 2012 and 2017, the number of police in the police service actually dropped by about 70 officers so when people say you're not doing enough to meet the 1800, I'm saying we're doing more than any government has ever done," he said.
Since the Government took office seven months ago, 455 officers have graduated.
The Government's aiming to recruit 1000 officers per year, with 400 to replace those who leave the police force and 600 to provide extra for the target.
It costs around $140,000 to train each police officer. It's also planning to add 485 office staff to support police on the beat.
Mr Nash said the reason the coalition agreement says "to strive towards" the target is because he is determined not to have the quality of recruits affected.
"Make no bones about it, it's an ambitious target but we're determined to get there because what we heard in the latest workplace survey was 60 per cent of officers said they experienced an undue level of workplace stress and 60 per cent of officers said they weren't delivering on the promises they make to the community," he said.
"We need more Pasifika, more Maori, more Asian, more women because in my view the police service should absolutely represent the communities they serve.
"If you want to join the service now's the time, there's absolutely no doubt about that," he said.
Police Commissioner Mike Bush said the recruitment drive has started well, with a hugely-popular recruitment video leading to many applications to join the police force.
"The numbers are high, but we've got to maintain that so our focus is to maintain that, maintain the quality and maintain the diversity," Mr Bush said.
Mr Bush said entry requirements would not be changed to reach the Government target.
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's trip to Syria, Egypt and Turkey: (all times local):
10:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has criticized the U.S. administration's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, warning that it could destabilize the region and derail the Middle East peace process.
Speaking Monday after a hectic day that took him from a Russian base in Syria to Cairo to Ankara, Putin said the Trump administration's move "doesn't help the Mideast settlement and, just the opposite, destabilizes the already difficult situation in the region."
Advertisement
The Russian leader added that it may "finish prospects for the Palestinian-Israeli peace process."
He added that Moscow believes the status of Jerusalem can only be settled through talks between the Palestinians and Israel in line with United Nations resolutions.
___
8:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet his Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
According to reports late last year, Google is working on a new operating system called Andromeda . Much about it is still unknown, but according to the documentations Google has provided on its website, it's clear that the Fuchsia is the actual name of the operating system, and the kernel is called Magenta. A tech enthusiast dug around the documentations to share the followings
A teenager who was in a freak surfing accident last week could be getting out of the hospital today. (Published 43 minutes ago)
A teen who was placed in a medically-induced coma last week after a piece of surfboard became lodged in his head may be released from the hospital Tuesday.
A shred of fiberglass surfboard stabbed Mick Davey, a competitive surfer, in the back of the head as he was surfing at Windandsea Beach in La Jolla last week.
The teen was able to swim to shore and reach his father, Chuck.
Chuck Davey said his son was screaming and he tried to remain calm as he called 911.
Mick Davey was taken to the hospital and placed into a medically-induced coma. The teen's neurosurgeon said the fiberglass had severed a major vein in his brain, but the pressure of the board lodged into his head kept him from bleeding out.
Once released from the hospital, Mick Davey says he wants to get back into the water as soon as possible.
Doctors told the surfer there is some risk of infection but, otherwise, a full recovery is expected.
May 2 Boeing Co:
* Boeing says 15 new orders for week through April 30, 2017
* Boeing - new orders for week through April 30, 2017 included Business Jet / VIP customers for 1 737, SMBC aviation capital for 1 737
* Boeing - new orders for week through April 30, 2017 also included orders from unidentified customer for 11 737s and two 787s
* Boeing says in changes category reduced 737 orders by 3 for week through April 30, 2017 Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
A Kouga municipal employee is using his expertise on the greens to put Jeffreys Bay on the map as a golfing destination.
Rhalf Manuel recently returned from the National Interprovincial Golf Tournament at the Bryanston Golf Club, where he represented Eastern Province (EP).
“He is the first player from Kouga to represent EP at provincial level. We are very proud of him and what he is achieving on the golf course,” said Kouga Mayor Elza van Lingen.
Manuel lost only one of the six games he played against the country's best at the national contest.
A member of the Jeffreys Bay Golf Club, he sharpens his skills at the Kouga Golf Range. He has represented the EP Country Districts Golf team 14 times and has been club champion at the J'Bay Golf Club 18 times.
According to the local golf star, many of the top amateurs against whom he competes, play golf permanently and are funded by their parents.
“It's not always easy for those of us who work full-time to stay competitive,” he said.
He attributes his success to the support he has received from local benefactors.
“I am very grateful to Kouga Municipality and Mayor Elza van Lingen, the Jeffreys Bay Golf Club, the Kouga Golf Range and Lefty Ferreira for making it possible for me to compete at the highest amateur level,” he said.
Manuel believes strongly that golf is a “character-builder that teaches you commitment, dedication and that you are responsible for your own destiny”.
“That is why my ultimate goal is to bring this great game to more youngsters as part of their personal and sporting development,” he said.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harvey Weinstein has been indicted on rape and criminal sex act charges.
The film producer was brought “another step closer to accountability” by the indictment, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr said as he made the announcement.
It comes hours after a statement issued through a spokesman said Weinstein would not testify before the grand jury over sex charges on the advice of his lawyers.
The film producer was charged last Friday on two counts of rape and one of a criminal sexual act for alleged incidents involving two separate women.
Weinstein was due to face the grand jury – the panel convened by the Manhattan District Attorney.
They say the former movie mogul did not have enough time to prepare to testify, and that he only learned on Friday of the identities of the two women relating to the charges.
A statement from the Manhattan DA announcing the grand jury indictment said: ““A grand jury has voted to indict Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape in the first and third Degrees, and Criminal Sexual Act in the first degree.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which he is now charged.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
A statement issued on behalf of Weinstein's lawyer Benjamin Brafman said: “After being unfairly denied access to critical information about this case that was needed to defend him before the grand jury, Mr Weinstein's attorneys decided there was not sufficient time to properly prepare Mr Weinstein.
“The identities of the accusers and the specific charges were provided to Mr Weinstein last Friday on the eve of the Memorial Day weekend and a deadline for his appearance set for Wednesday, 2pm.
“Our request for a postponement of his appearance before the grand jury was denied.
“Accordingly, Mr Brafman will inform the District Attorney today that Mr Weinstein intends to follow the advice of his attorneys and not testify before the grand jury.”
The statement continued: “Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013.
“Finally, Mr Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr Weinstein.”
Weinstein, 66, was in court on Friday in New York in his first public appearance since facing numerous allegations of sexual misconduct.
He posted a one million dollar (£751,060) cash bail and agreed to wear an electronic monitor which tracks his movements 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
He also surrendered his passport and agreed to stay within the states of New York and Connecticut.
Weinstein, who has repeatedly denied allegations of non-consensual sex, intends to plead not guilty to the charges, Mr Brafman said outside court.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In a statement responding to the indictment, MR Brafman said: “The announcement of Mr. Weinstein's indictment, does not come as a surprise.
“Indeed, it was predicted by me this morning in an earlier statement we issued. We also note of course that the indictment merely mirrors the same charges in the criminal court Complaint and does not add anything to the case we did not already know.
“We asked the District Attorney for more time so that Mr Weinstein's attorneys could gather the material needed to properly prepare him for his grand jury testimony but that request was denied.
“We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation. Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of Not Guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies.
“We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr Weinstein to be acquitted.”
SEOUL China's actions aimed against the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile radar system are expected to knock 0.2 percentage points from South Korea's economic growth this year, the central bank said on Thursday.
"Considering how China's actions linked to THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defence) are becoming more materialized, we see GDP lowered by 0.2 percentage points due to worse exports to China and fewer Chinese tourists to South Korea," Chang Min, director general of the Bank of Korea's research department, said at a news conference.
(Reporting by Christine Kim and Cynthia Kim; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Velaikkaran, the upcoming Sivakarthikeyan starrer, is one of the most anticipated Tamil projects of the year. The much-awaited first teaser of the movie, which is produced by 24AM Studios, will be released at 6 PM, today (14th August).
The movie, which marks the first collaboration of Thani Oruvan director Mohan Raja with 24AM Studios, will feature Nayanthara in the female lead. Popular Malayalam actor Fahadh Faasil will make his Kollywood debut, as the lead antagonist of the movie.
The recently released official posters of Velaikkaran was widely accepted by the Tamil audiences. Expectations are riding high on the project, which deals with social issues. The movie, which is written by Mohan Raja himself, is the second production outing of 24AM Studios, after Remo.
Sivakarthikeyan essays the central character Arivu, while Fahadh Faasil appears in the role of Aadhi. Nayanthara will essay the role of Mrinalini, Arivu's lady love in the movie, which also features popular actress Sneha appears in a pivotal role.
A woman has been arrested on suspicion of stealing a car after police stopped a vehicle outside a Horsham theatre.
Police stopped a car along North Street, outside the Capitol theatre, at about 2.45pm this afternoon (Wednesday May 30).
Officers said the car was believed to have been stolen.
A 41-year-old woman, from Crawley, was arrested on suspicion of theft of a car.
She remains in custody.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Glencore is seen in front of the company's headquarters in Baar, Switzerland, September 7, 2012. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer/File Photo
LONDON/VANCOUVER Mining-trading group Glencore Plc (GLEN.L) has hired the Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS.TO) to sell a portfolio of royalty assets, including one for the Antamina copper-zinc mine in Peru, four people familiar with the process have told Reuters.
The Antamina mine royalty makes up the bulk of the value of the package and could fetch up to $250 million (£193.5 million), the sources said. The portfolio includes several much smaller royalties from other mines and exploration assets owned by Glencore around the world, they added.
It is not clear whether Glencore will sell 100 percent of the royalties, which gives the owner the right to receive a percentage of production from a mining operation, or retain a stake in them.
There is no certainty the process will result in a deal, the sources said. The people, whom Reuters spoke to over a period of several days, declined to be named as the talks were confidential.
Glencore declined to comment. Bank of Nova Scotia did not have an immediate comment.
The London-listed miner owns and operates nickel, zinc, copper and coal mines around the world and also owns royalties on several operations.
Glencore is looking to maximize the value of its assets as it moves from cost-cutting to pursuing growth. Following the commodities crash of 2015 and early 2016, the company sold off assets to cut debt after its earnings and shares were pummelled by a commodities downturn.
Potential buyers of the royalty portfolio could include mining royalty and streaming companies such as Canada-based Franco-Nevada Corp (FNV.TO) and Silver Wheaton Corp (SLW.TO), the sources said. Streaming, like royalties, is a type of alternative finance for the mining sector.
Franco-Nevada is interested in looking at any royalty being offered, its chief executive officer, David Harquail, said. "It is only a question of price," Harquail said in an emailed response to a question from Reuters.
Silver Wheaton declined to comment.
Glencore owns a 33.75 percent stake in Antamina and has monetized a portion of the mine's output. In November 2015, it agreed to sell future silver output from Antamina, a by-product of the mine, to Silver Wheaton for $900 million in cash to reduce debt. Franco-Nevada bought a $500 million precious metals stream from Glencore last year.
Glencore's partners in Antamina are Anglo-Australian miner BHP Billiton Plc (BHP.AX) (BLT.L) with a 33.75 percent stake, Canadian miner Teck Resources Ltd (TECKb.TO), with 22.5 percent and Japan's Mitsubishi Corp (8058.T) with 10 percent.
(Reporting by Clara Denina in London and Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Additional reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Barbara Lewis in London; Editing by Denny Thomas, Bill Rigby and Jeffrey Benkoe)
A group set up by East Northamptonshire Council (ENC) and working in partnership with Rushden Town Council to tackle a rise in anti-social behaviour in Rushden has already seen results.
Mainly centred on the war memorial at the end of the High Street, Rushden Town Council had seen a rise in complaints regarding people heavily drinking, urinating in public and drug taking.
The task group, including local retailers, churches, Rushden Night Shelter, Homes Direct and Northamptonshire Police, looked at ways to tackle the problem and have already made changes to the area.
Improvements to the war memorial and other sites around the town have been made, including landscaping and lighting.
Northamptonshire Police have conducted pro-active patrols in the area which has resulted in a number of arrests for public disorder.
Four people have been issued community protection warning letters.
One of the prohibitions attached to the warning letters is not to drink alcohol at the war memorial.
ENC's housing team and local homelessness organisations have been working with people who need and want help.
They encourage anyone who needs support and advice on housing to contact Homes Direct on 0345 600 5050.
There is also help available at the Rushden Night Shelter on 01933 353946 or they can visit them at 60 High Street South.
Steven North, leader of East Northamptonshire Council, said: “Both councils acknowledge that the behaviour of just a few is ruining the enjoyment of the town centre for many.
“The task group has already made positive changes and we are working hard with all our partners to make Rushden the great town it is.”
Sarah Peacock, ENC councillor and leader of Rushden Town Council, added: “It's great to see so many organisations working together to improve the town centre.
“We don't want to see anyone living on the streets and we encourage them to seek help that is available to them.”
Anyone who witnesses any anti-social behaviour should call Northamptonshire Police on 101 to report it.
There probably is little about Arizona Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald that hasn't been said. He has had a Hall of Fame career and continues to play at a high level, even at 34 years old.
But it isn't the big number or even the big moments like the overtime reception he had in Week 4 to give the Cardinals a win that is what most impresses opponents.
“He's still doing the small things, the humble things, like blocking – not only DBs, but linebackers, D-ends, he does that and he does it well,” Philadelphia Eagles safety Malcom Jenkins said Thursday, according to Philly.com's Les Bowen.
What Fitz does makes it easy for Cardinals coaches to expect the same from other receivers. After all, if a future Hall of Famer can go out and do dirty work in the trenches and down the field, who can't be expected to do that?
Fitzgerald will undoubtedly be an important part of the offense. He has had big games over the years against the Eagles. In eight career games against the Eagles, Fitz has 50 receptions for 845 yards and 11 touchdowns, or an average of more than six catches for more than 100 yards and more than a touchdown per game.
Listen to the latest from the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on iTunes or on Stitcher Radio.
April 12 Asseco Business Solutions SA:
* Said on Tuesday that it announced a tender offer for 1,888,719 shares of Macrologic SA at a price of 59.0 zlotys ($14.73) per share
* The company plans to reach 100 pct in Macrologic
* The company does not own any shares of Macrologic
* Asseco Business Solutions intends to acquire the shares if investors agree to sell at least 1,416,540 shares representing 75 pct of stake in Macrologic
* Entries in the tender offer will be accepted from May 8 to June 6
* The company treats the acquisition as a strategic investment aimed at creating Asseco Business Solutions group specialized in the production and implementation of its own ERP software
* The company decided to take out a loan for up to 70.0 million zlotys for operating activity and in particular to finance acquisition of Macrologic shares
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 4.0046 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
We celebrate the birthday of Saint John the Baptist on June 24th.
Photo credit: Daily Scripture Reflections
ABOUT THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN NETWORK
Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is a 501(c)3 and an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America . It is a recognized leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty-two years. We have worked to create a community for both believers and non believers alike by sharing the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media. We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide. We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week and we want to reach millions more! Signup to receive our newsletter email: info@myocn.net.
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you're on the go? OCN makes it easy! You can be inspired daily by the OCN programming from where ever you are by plugging into our Listen, Read, Watch , Wors hip. To learn more about emerging Orthodox leaders in our Community check out OCN 30 Under 30 Initiative. It is an opportunity to show support for and invest in this next generation of trailblazers.
Much like public radio, the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners, readers, volunteers, and fans. If you are interested in supporting our work, you can send your sustaining gift by direct mail, over the phone, or on our website. Your gift will ensure the continued growth of this encouraging Orthodox Community by providing faith-building, free, high-quality programming. Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location.
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE!
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book.
______________________________ ______________________________ ___________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network. OCN is on Social Media! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Instagram
May 2 DuPont:
* Dow and DuPont receive conditional approval from China's Ministry of Commerce for proposed merger of equals
* MOFCOM's approval is conditional on DuPont and dow fulfilling commitments given to MOFCOM in connection with clearance
* Says Dow and DuPont on track to close merger between Aug. 1 and Sept. 1
* Dow, company made commitments for supply, distribution in China of some herbicide, insecticide ingredients, formulations for rice crops for 5 years after deal closing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WORKING on Sundays could cost employers less and leave employees taking home less if the decision to slash penalty rates is made.
The Australian Council of Trade Unions vocalised concerns after a McKell Institute report found workers in Hinkler would lose more than $6 million in disposable income each year if "Malcolm Turnbull cut penalty rates”.
But Member for Hinkler Keith Pitt said the independent Fair Work Commission determined penalty rates, not the government.
He said the penalty rates decision would affect about 3 to 4% of Australia's workforce.
"It is a direct consequence of the review process put in place by Bill Shorten as workplace relations minister in the previous Labor government in 2013,” he said.
Mr Pitt said in 2014, Sunday penalty rates for certain workers on the Restaurant Award were reduced under the two-yearly review of modern awards.
"Under Labor, penalty rates were cut in certain awards (including hotel, cafe and restaurant workers) in 2010 as part of Labor's award modernisation process,” he said.
"The adjustments to Sunday penalty rates will even the playing field for Australia's small businesses, which have to pay more for staff on Sundays than big businesses who do deals with big unions.
"This will help 'mum and dad' small businesses open their doors, serve customers and create jobs on Sundays.”
Secretary of the Australian Council of Trade Unions Sally McManus visited Bundaberg today to meet with community members and hear their concerns.
She said the consequences of cutting penalty rates would be devastating.
"Slashing penalty rates is a cut to worker's take-home pay that they can't afford and don't deserve,” Ms McManus said.
"It will mean many people who do work Sundays will be forced to work harder for less.”
For the first time in more than a decade, students from the Santa Barbara Unified School District are participating in the Santa Barbara Education Foundation's summer school program designed for students who want to earn credit and get ahead with their academics.
One week ago, students began their first day of summer school classes. The Santa Barbara Education Foundation Summer School is a new program taking place on the San Marcos High School campus.
Classes offered this summer include American Government, Biology, Economics, Health and Freshman Seminar. There are 175 students enrolled in the program, with some students taking multiple classes. In addition to Santa Barbara area locals, classes include students from surrounding areas and even out-of-state students.
A visit to the classes last week revealed students engaged and learning from exciting and dynamic instructors. Students in the biology class were looking through a microscope at plant cells and human cells they had swabbed from their mouths. The students were taking pictures of the cells through the microscope with their smartphones and then examining the pictures — very cool!
In health, they were learning about sleep cycles and stages of sleep. The students wondered why they started school at 8 a.m. if their sleep cycle says they should be sleeping? It was pointed out that they wouldn't have time for sports and activities if they started school later. In government, the students were debating the merits of electronic voting. The instructor is arranging for guest speakers from the Goleta City Council and other local politicians.
The majority of the students enrolled in the program are paying tuition, while scholarships have been provided for students in need. The Santa Barbara Education Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that provides private support for public education programs throughout the Santa Barbara Unified School District. Since its founding in 1985, SBEF has raised funds for musical instruments, playground equipment, library books, technology and much more. SBEF led the successful parcel tax and bond measure campaigns that have resulted in $18 million for enrichment programs and $110 million for capital improvements. SBEF is the only organization in Santa Barbara that raises districtwide support for every school and student in the elementary, middle and high schools.
Students will receive University of California “A-G” credit for some classes and meet high school graduation requirements for others.
“We are off to a great start,” SBEF Summer School Principal Alex Sheldon said. “It's great to see so many students putting in extra time for summer learning.”
Parent, Lori Lander Goodman agreed.
“I am delighted to let you know that Noah LOVES his government class,” she said. “He is engaged in the subject, discusses the topics covered over dinner and is really learning the material. I think that the teacher, Dana Fisher, seems to be doing a lovely job engaging the kids.
“I am very glad that he is able to take Government and Health over the summer to clear the way for an intense engineering season in the Winter/Spring, and that we didn't trade quality learning in order to lighten his load.”
Santa Barbara Education Foundation Summer School continues until July 25. Classes run from 8 a.m. to 1:20 p.m. four days per week.
— Margie Yahyavi is executive director of the Santa Barbara Education Foundation.
April 3 Premium Fund SA:
* Says it plans to increase its capital by up to 30.0 million zlotys ($7.54 million) via issue up to 300.0 million series D shares at nominal value of 0.1 zlotys per share
* Series D shares to be offered via private subscription and without pre-emptive rights
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9781 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
These are the findings of the most recent restaurant inspections by the Morgan County Health Department.
Each violation found reduces points on a restaurant's score. The score ranges from a perfect 100 to a zero. Anything below 70 is considered failing. Critical violations that could lead to food-borne illnesses result in 4, 8 or 9 points being taken off. Minor violations take away 1 or 3 points. All violations must be corrected by the next inspection unless otherwise noted.
•••
Love's Travel Stop
288 Moeller Road
Score: 92
Violation: 4 points, certified manager certificate not available.
Violation: 3 points, observed food handlers without hair restraints.
Violation: 1 point, test strips not available for sanitizer for wiping cloth.
.
CVS Pharmacy
936 S. Main St.
Score: 96
Violation: 3 points, storeroom observed with debris.
Violation: 1 point, observed buildup on shelves for milk in cooler and on fan covers for freezers.
.
Buchheits of Jacksonville
2200 W. Morton Ave.
Score: 99
Violation: 1 point, observed buildup in three-compartment sink. Observed buildup on shelves for chips, etc.
.
Love's Travel Stop (retail)
288 Moeller Road
Score: 100
.
Shopko
1964 W. Morton Ave.
Score: 97
Violation: 3 points, observed buildup on bottoms of toilets in both restrooms. Observed debris on storeroom floor and dust buildup on vent covers in both restrooms.
.
Walgreens
1802 W. Morton Ave
Score: 100
.
Zodiac
1857 S. Main St.
Score: 89
Violation: 3 points, thermometer not provided or used for temperature control for food.
Violation: 3 points, observed mouse droppings in silverware drawer. Doors in storeroom area not sealed to prevent entrance of rodents.
Violation: 3 points, both restrooms observed with unsanitary conditions. Floors in kitchen, restrooms, walk-in cooler bar area and storeroom observed with buildup and storeroom/kitchen observed with clutter.
Violation: 1 point, utensils being stored improperly. Food contact surface of pizza oven observed with food debris.
.
Love's IHOP
288 Moeller Road
Score: 92
Violation: 4 points, certified manager certificate not available at time of inspection.
Violation: 3 points, observed lemons on self-serve line uncovered.
Violation: 1 point, chlorine test strips not available for sanitizer at dish machine.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_restaurant-inspections_sig.jpg
BIG PINE KEY, Fla. - Firefighters from seven different agencies continued to battle a large brush fire Tuesday in Big Pine Key after the blaze burned about 100 acres.
Cammy Clark, a spokeswoman for Monroe County, said the fire was about 50 percent contained. Clark said firefighters focused their efforts Tuesday on protecting 30 homes near the fire and putting out hot spots.
Clark said a helicopter crew made several air drops using about 800 gallons of water for each run.
Clark said the area was especially susceptible wild fires because of high winds, lack of rain and the large amount of debris left over from Hurricane Irma.
The fire, which sparked around 2 p.m. Sunday, quickly spread westward. Local, state and federal agencies from as far north as Miami-Dade County traveled to battle the blaze. At least two homes were destroyed and the residents of Big Pine Key lost power for several hours.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The Competition Commission has approved the proposed transaction, whereby newly-incorporated company North Block Complex (NBC) intends to acquire Exxaro Coal Mpumalanga (ECM) in respect of its mining and processing business, the transferred business, without conditions.
The transferred business, an opencast mine in Mpumalanga which produces thermal coal, will be bought by Universal Coal through NBC, its 49%-owned subsidiary, for about R172-million.
Advertisement
NBC has achieved run-of-mine production of about 3.5-million tonnes a year over the past four years with sales of some 2.7-million tonnes a year.
The coal produced is predominantly used for power generation and, over the years, has been primarily produced for sale to the domestic market.
Advertisement
State-owned Eskom, whose Arnot, Tutuka and Komati power stations are supplied by NBC, has asked of suppliers that they be 51% black-owned.
The transaction is unlikely to prevent or lessen competition in any market in South Africa, the commission found.
Universal Coal has said it plans to convert the NBC into a multiproduct operation after including the adjacent Paardeplaats project.
The acquisition is expected to be finalised towards the end of this year.
Got 18 hours and 45 minutes?
Singapore Airlines Source: istock.com
That is the length of a new flight between Singapore and Liberty International Airport in Newark, New Jersey.
Service on what Singapore Airlines says will become the longest commercial flight in the world begins on October 11. The flights will be daily beginning on October 18.
Contrast that to the shortest regularly scheduled commercial flight, a 1 1/2-minute hop between Westray and Papa Westray, two islands north of the Scottish mainland, by Loganair.
Singapore Airlines will be the first airline to use Airbus' A350-900 ULR (for ultra long range) planes, which have extra fuel capacity, are made of a carbon fiber that is lighter than the aluminum of traditional jets and burn less fuel because they have only two engines, compared with the four on many other long-haul jets.
The flights will have 161 seats — 67 in lie-flat business class and 94 in premium economy, which uses bigger seats that have more legroom than traditional coach seats but do not have the ability to become a bed.
The nonstop flight is primarily meant to appeal to business travelers, which is why Newark airport was chosen as the New York gateway. It gives the airline easy access to business customers in Manhattan and in northern New Jersey.
"The nonstop flight length is at least about two to three hours shorter than the one-stopper, maybe even four hours," in terms of door-to-door travel time for most customers, said Mak Swee Wah, the airline's executive vice president, commercial.
The company has not yet released pricing information.
But on a flight that long, passenger comfort is a big issue.
"The thing that the passengers view as most important will be comfort," Mak said.
To that end, the airline is specially tailoring its in-flight meal service for the route.
The exact schedule and menu options are still being decided, but the airline said that meal service on such a long flight takes more planning and orchestration than on shorter routes.
As on other Singapore flights, travellers will be able to personalise what they watch with their seat-back entertainment system.
Ahead of their flights, passengers will be able to create a playlist of movies, television shows and music that will be available onboard. The playlists will sync with their seat-back screens, and will even carry over to the return flight — no need on the return flight to fast-forward through a movie half-watched on the outbound leg.
"This latest generation of planes has inbuilt features which enhance wellness," Mak said. Because the plane is not made of aluminum, which is more susceptible to corrosion than carbon fiber, the cabin can be kept at higher humidity.
A350 cabins are also pressurized at a lower altitude than usual, so passengers feel as if they are flying at only 6000 feet. (Most airplanes are pressurized to 8000 feet.)
The cabin features an LED lighting system that can mimic different times of the day, helping customers combat jet lag before they even reset their watches or sync their phones to a new time zone.
"What makes the airplane perfect for this kind of mission, first of all, is that it's capable of doing it," said Marisa Lucas Ugena, Airbus' head of A350 product marketing.
"The key factor for Singapore Airlines is that this aircraft is extremely efficient. It's allowing them to reopen this service and make money on it."
The airline previously flew nonstop service on Airbus A340-500s between Newark and Singapore from 2004 to 2013. Beginning in 2008, the flight carried 100 business class seats. Before that, it was a two-class configuration, more similar to the layout planned for the October reboot.
"It was a product that was very well received," Mak said. “Unfortunately, the economics at that time were challenging. The A340 was not the most efficient plane, and a number of other factors made it not economical to carry on.”
Those Airbus A340s were configured to make the New York-to-Singapore flights possible and relatively cost-effective, but that meant it was not economical to use them on any other routes. So when Singapore Airlines ended the route in 2013, those planes were also pulled from service. The new A350s are more integrated into the Singapore Airlines fleet.
We always allure for some amazingly designed fashion jewelry, and wants to be updated about fashion and style.
fashion jewelry
Contact
Vogue Crafts and Designs Pvt. Ltd.
***@voguecrafts.com Vogue Crafts and Designs Pvt. Ltd.
End
-- We always allure for some amazingly designed fashion jewelry, and wants to be updated about fashion and style. Vogue Crafts and Designs pvt ltd offers some mysteriously attractive range of designs in custom jewelry and handcrafted fashion accessories!They not only expanded their business in the same field but also managed to put their hands on handmade accessories too! This company launches there new and improved designs in costume jewelry and handcrafted fashion accessories, they have been there in the business from past twenty years which has lead the company to grow at an aspect that is unsurpassed and the quality and designs offered by the company is distinct in itself. One needs to understand that the company has immense knowledge about handmade, imitation and also silver jewelry. They manufacture high-end jewelry which is basically made for the woman who follows on-going fashion trends; there more than a decade experience has made them the world's number one organization when it comes to jewelry. They also have some unique and distinct designs in handmade accessories too which gravitate clients towards them. Also the best part is they also undertake customized jewelry, they offer their clients to have a monopoly in the market by wearing their own designed jewelry.The company also deals in different kind of jewelries as well such as imitation, fashion and silver. Basically it deals worldwide; they also have their in-house designing team who has immense knowledge of crafting everything with perfection. Every piece of jewelry at Vogue Crafts is unique, and is one of a kind and a true expression of artistry. Being one of the leading jewelry manufacturers in India, they have managed to manufacture the best of designs in Indian jewelry that is fashion, silver and imitation jewelry. They have a wide collection of fashionable rings, necklaces, trendy pendants, earrings, anklets and bracelets. One can choose from their ethnic or traditional range for classy occasions or even choose to sport a playful casual look with their range of fashionable jewelry, which keeps on changing as the new trends emerges. They also manufacture the range of costume jewelry using gemstone, pearls and other high quality stones. Not only do they deal in jewelry but a variety of fashion accessories as well. One can explore their vivid collection of fashion accessories also which they offer such as their alluring leather handbags, key rings, jute and beaded party clutches. Apart from buying their jewellery items, one can always get their own designs customized from them because as I mentioned above they also undertake customization!This can act as a great advantage to any client. They also have a proper quality check team facility, and further this particular facility is divided into multiple sub-divisions such as production, quality testing, designing, sales & marketing for carrying smooth run of the business operations. Also, their modern infrastructural facility enables them to manufacture supreme quality assortment according to the existing demands of the competitive market. One can always get in touch with them for to buy jewelry or get it customized; they are open for suggestions and would be pleased to make your dreams come true! For more kindly visit on: http://www.voguecrafts.com/ fashion-Jewelry.php
Have you ever wanted to become the world's first trillionaire, but have been uncertain of the best way to secure your finical freedom?
According to leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm Goldman Sachs, all you need to do is start mining asteroids.
The company believes the first people to create the technology for mining asteroids will be rewarded with riches unlike anything ever seen.
"While the psychological barrier to mining asteroids is high, the actual financial and technological barriers are far lower," a Goldman Sachs report explained.
Advertisement
"Prospecting probes can likely be built for tens of millions of dollars each and Caltech (California Institute of Technology) has suggested an asteroid-grabbing spacecraft could cost A$2.6 billion ($3.6b)."
While it once would have sounded like an unrealistic dream, there are already a number of private companies hoping to cash in on the asteroid mining boom.
Additionally, the tiny European country of Luxembourg also hopes to enlist the help of its several communication satellite companies to become a cosmic mining hub.
Part of the Luxembourg's plan is a Space Resources Initiative that will provide A$223m of its national space budget in early-stage funding and grants to companies involved in the field of space mining.
Asteroids contain a wide range of resources to support our long-term prosperity on Earth, and movement into space and the solar system. Photo / News Corp Australia
Two of the leading companies in the sector — Deep Space Industries and Planetary Resources — have already been working with the Luxembourg government for a number of years.
Deep Space Industries received an undisclosed amount of research and development funding, while Planetary Resources signed a deal for a A$28m investment in exchange for undisclosed equity in the company.
"Our goal is to put into place an overall framework for the exploration and commercial use of resources from 'celestial bodies' such as asteroids, or from the moon," said Etienne Schneider, Luxembourg's deputy prime minister and minister of the economy, reported RT.
Professor Andrew Dempster from the University of New South Wales' Australian Centre for Space Engineering Research agreed it won't be long before galactic prospectors are populating the cosmos.
"It's not that far down the road. The market is already emerging," he told news.com.au.
"It's not unfeasible that the first transaction could take place within the next decade."
According to Prof Dempster, water will be the main thing mined from asteroids.
"The main reason people are interested in water as the initial thing to mine is that you can separate it into hydrogen and oxygen and use it for rocket fuel," Prof Dempster said.
"We're talking about an economy in space, so if it costs you A$10,000 a kilogram to launch something, if you can produce a litre of water in space for less than A$10,000 a kilogram then you're ahead."
As they pass the season's half-way point, Liverpool have more goals and more points than they've ever had after 19 games in the Premier League. They've just come off a calendar year in which they scored more league goals than they have managed in any year since 1985. And yet, with Chelsea on a record-breaking run of 13 wins in a row, they are still six points off the top of the table.
To have played so well only to be so far behind could be felt as demoralising. But Jurgen Klopp has a gift for positive framing. “[Chelsea] won 13 games in a row. Not bad. Can you imagine how annoying it is when you win 13 games in a row and there is still one team only six points behind?”
Liverpool are giving the impression that they can keep the title race interesting for a little while yet. The win against Manchester City showcased some grittier qualities that have not often been apparent since Klopp took the job.
Klopp would claim afterwards that his team's game plan, which saw them defending deeper than usual, had been put together on the hoof in response to the changing conditions of the game. However, his decision to leave out Divock Origi in order to accommodate the strength of Emre Can in the centre of midfield suggested that he was thinking cautiously about this one from the outset.
Georginio Wijnaldum was named man of the match, his first such award of the season. It goes to show there's nothing like scoring goals for getting people's attention, because the recognition he's getting has been overdue for some time.
Continuity player
Liverpool supporters might have expected more than two league goals from Wijnaldum so far, given that he joined them after a season in which he scored 11 for Newcastle – but his game is not really about scoring goals. Instead he is a strong and intelligent continuity player, very difficult to knock off the ball, who is good at moving the ball quickly through midfield with first-time passes off either foot.
ADVERTISEMENT
His goal was created by another two-footed player, Adam Lallana, who finished 2016 having been involved in more league goals than any other Premier League midfielder. It's a remarkable achievement for a player who, less than two years ago, was widely seen as a symbol of the mediocrity that had engulfed the club after the sale of Luis Suárez. His soaring status illustrates the degree to which players' reputations are determined by the context in which they perform.
It would be insulting to Lallana to suggest that he is some kind of Klopp salvage job, but there is no doubt that the coach's system has allowed him to look much more effective. Klopp and Antonio Conte have both been rewarded for their confidence in players who were previously seen as problematic, marginal, or sub-standard.
Conte's big decision this season was to switch to a three-at-the-back system after Chelsea had lost successive matches against Liverpool and Arsenal. The big problem was that the squad contained no obvious candidate for the right wing-back position, and the transfer window had already closed.
Conte found the solution in the form of Victor Moses, who had never forced his way into the first-team picture at Chelsea, and who had spent the previous season on loan at Stoke, playing as a left-winger. It was a reinvention nobody saw coming.
Klopp was also confronted with a selection problem when it became apparent that his left-back, Alberto Moreno, had returned from the summer break as error-prone as ever. The successful solution has been to use James Milner at left-back, even though he had only ever played for Liverpool in midfield. Milner's history of versatility means this decision of Klopp's wasn't quite as left-field as Conte's transformation of Moses, but it showed a similar capacity to look beyond the obvious or easy answers.
Right role
Klopp has got excellent performances from players like Dejan Lovren, Roberto Firmino and Jordan Henderson, all of whom had their doubters in the past. He understands that players everyone thinks are mediocre can start to look rather good once you find the right role for them.
Brendan Rodgers never seemed quite sure what to do with Firmino; Klopp believes so much in his potential as a central attacker that Daniel Sturridge can't get in the team any more. Henderson has metamorphosed from a scurrying number eight under Rodgers to a strutting number six under Klopp. With Lovren, the secret might have been in finding a partner he could play with. Klopp decided that Martin Skrtel would never be that man, and sold one of the club's longest-serving players to Fenerbahce.
It's a similar story at Chelsea. David Luiz, regarded at the time of his arrival as a comical desperation signing the club only made after missing out on all their real targets, has emerged as the best defender in the league. Diego Costa, who was expected to leave the club after a 2015-16 campaign plagued by injury and indiscipline, is on course to win player of the year, unless he is beaten to it by Eden Hazard, who was MIA for most of last season.
Something that unites Klopp and Conte is that both of them, when they faced problems, could easily have shifted blame towards the administrators who had failed to provide them with the right tools to do their jobs. Instead they took a more positive outlook, and solved the problems by doing some actual coaching. Who knows – maybe this approach will catch on.
About two thousand women have have benefited from entrepreneurship training organised by Sokoto state government as part of measures to tackle poverty and reduce unemployment in the state.
The women, drawn from across the three senatorial zones of the state, were taught 48 different small scale businesses ranging from tailoring, soap making, beads manufacturing, farming, bags and shoe manufacturing and making of cakes and akara, known locally as kosai.
Speaking at the graduation ceremony held in Sokoto, Chairman of the state Zakat and Endowment Commission, Malam Lawal Maidoki, whose agency coordinated the training, said women were specifically targeted to ensure high poverty prevalent in various homes is adequately tackled.
He said apart from giving the participants cash grants to serve as start up capital, working tools were also presented to the beneficiaries.
Maidoki said government is committed to tackling poverty and creating jobs, and will continue to engage all stakeholders to ensure the scope of the training is expanded.
“Zakat agencies in the world are now focusing attention on productive zakat. We don't just share money to beneficiaries, we encourage them to pick a trade or two that will enable them become competitive in this ever changing global landscape,” he said.
The chairman added that the commission will this week meet with 80 youths trained on shoe making to explore ways of assisting them gain access to finance from the bank of Industries and the ethical investment arm of Lotus Capital Ltd.
Maidoki also commended Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal for his constant support to the state Zakat commission.
I distinctly remember watching Toy Story 3 back in 2010 and thinking ‘can animation get any better than this?'.
In fact the art of animation, as seen in Coco, has moved on to incredible heights to the extent that just about any story must be feasible by those highly talented people at Pixar - there doesn't seem to be anything holding them back.
In fact, when the plot of Coco moves into the Land of the Dead there is so much detail that you need to hit the freeze frame button in order to do it justice and take it all in.
And the skeletons, that apparently proved a tough ask to recreate, are excellent.
As with most Pixar movies, Coco is aimed at the family as a whole.
There are no clever in-jokes that only the adults will pick up on (as in Aardman films) but there's also no shying away from emotion in case it upsets the youngsters.
The story revolves around young Miguel (Anthony Gonzalez) and his shoe-making family in a Mexican village.
Although he loves music it's banned in his home due to his great great grandfather walking out to pursue a musical career, never to be seen again.
One day Miguel accidentally ends up in the Land of the Dead and has to track down his ancestor to get back home.
For me the film really only gets going when Miguel mixes with the skeletons.
There's a very basic but important message within the film that the family unit is vital and Pixar seems big on promoting such lessons in their movies.
It's no surprise that Coco is up for an Oscar in the animated feature category.
And while this is very entertaining, perhaps it's time now for Pixar to really push the boat out and try something totally different in tone.
Film details: Coco (PG) 105mins
Director: Lee Unkrich, Adrian Molina (co-director)
Starring: (voices of) Anthony Gonzalez, Gael García Bernal, Benjamin Bratt
Screening courtesy of Horsham Capitol
Who is Serena Williams' husband Alexis Ohanian? Wimbledon tennis star's marriage and baby details revealed
Meghan Markle's friend Serena Williams is back on the tennis court with her impressive skills but what does her husband do? And what is his net worth? Details revealed.
Serena Williams and husband Alexis Ohanian married in November 2017, only three months after they welcomed their first baby daughter together.
Now, back on the Wimbledon tennis court amazing sports fans once again, people are turning their eye to the businessman she married after a secret romance.
Here's everything you need to know about Alexis Ohanian, his companies, net worth and his relationship with Meghan Markle's pal:
(PIC: Serena Williams/Instagram)
Who is Alexis Ohanian?
35 years old, Alexis is a entrepreneur and a best-selling author with his book, Without Their Permission. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, and is also considered a political activist.
What are Alexis' businesses and his net worth?
He's most famous for being the co-founder of social news website Reddit which he set up at the young age of 22 and is valued at £407million.
Alexis also went on to launch Breadpig, Hipmunk and Initialized Capital.
Serena's other half is estimated to be worth £6.7million.
(PIC: Serena Williams/Instagram)
When did Serena and Alexis get married and have a baby?
Engaged in December 2016, the tennis champ and her other half had been secretly dating for 15 months.
They welcomed their beautiful baby girl on September 1 2017, naming her Alexis Olympia Ohanina Jr.
The couple then went on to make it official and got married on November 16, 2017.
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
Pricing and availability for the J5 and J3 are yet to be confirmed
Samsung has launched the newest devices in its mid-range Galaxy J series; the J5 and the J3.
The Galaxy J5 comes with a metal body and a full HD super AMOLED screen. A 13 megapixel rear camera has been added and internal memory can be expanded to 256GB using an external microSD. It also comes with a 1.6GHz processor. These features are shared on the Galaxy J3. However, it has a larger memory capacity of 16GB and 2GB of RAM. Samsung Knox, the South Korean manufacturer's security software, has also been included on the J3.
Samsung UK vice president Conor Pierce said: “We're confident that the new Galaxy J series' enhanced design, superb camera technology and high-performance features will continue to appeal to existing and new customers.”
Both handsets will be available in the UK in the coming months. Exact pricing and availability are yet to be confirmed,
Bandai Namco earlier this year unveiled a remastered version of Dark Souls, the spiritual successor to 2009's Demon's Souls. We're still waiting on its arrival but on Tuesday, supporters of the series got a bit of good news.
Developer FromSoftware said on Twitter that owners of the PC version of Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition will be able to purchase the remastered version at a discounted price. According to VG24/7, the game will be offered at a 50 percent discount which means you'll be able to pick it up for $20. Console gamers will have to pay the full $40 price.
Owners of the PC version of "Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition" will be able to upgrade to "DARK SOULS REMASTERED" at a discounted price. Please feel free to take advantage of this campaign. pic.twitter.com/A3mEXG2tmi — FROMSOFTWARE (@fromsoftware_pr) April 24, 2018
The site also notes that Dark Souls: Prepare to Die Edition will be removed from Steam on May 9. It'll remain playable for those that have already purchased it but from that point, you'll no longer be able to buy it. To Prepare to Die Edition originally launched in August 2012.
Bandai Namco said last week that the Nintendo Switch version of Dark Souls: Remastered was being pushed back until the summer “due to the nature of causality,” as is the Solaire of Astora amiibo. PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC versions of the game are still on track for a May 25 release, however.
THE Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA) called on Filipinos abroad to exercise a higher level of vigilance in the wake of the attempted terror attack in the United States (US).
The Philippine Consulate General in New York said the incident involved the premature detonation of a pipe bomb carried by a lone attacker in an underground passage in the terminal, which is the main transport hub for buses going in and out of New York.
Consul General Maria Teresa Dizon de Vega said the consulate immediately issued an advisory requesting members of the 56,100 Filipinos to avoid the area and to observe usual precautions while the investigation was ongoing.
The latest attack came more than five weeks after eight persons were killed and 11 others injured also in Manhattan after they were run over by a truck driven by a follower of the Islamic State.
“We encourage our kababayans abroad to heighten their vigilance,” said Foreign Affairs Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano said.
William and Eva Darrah couldn't bear to live without each other - and, after 76 years of marriage, the couple died within hours of each other at their Thames home.
Eva, 97, slipped away just after midnight on Thursday. Just 17 hours later William (Bill), 94, also passed away. Both died of natural causes.
"Dad didn't want to live without her and she didn't want to live without him. They had said for years 'we want to go together'," said the couple's daughter Jan.
"Dad knew he had lost Eva ... he just looked and held her."
Advertisement
The couple said farewell to their house and beautiful garden - home to a newly-planted Dublin Bay Rose - for the last time on Saturday, when the hearse carrying their mahogany coffins briefly stopped outside on the way to the crematorium.
Eva had recently planted the rose to replace a climbing rose that had died.
"When she first came [to the Thames] she put in a climbing rose ... it was beautiful and it died recently and she's had to replace it. We were all sad because she will never get to see the rose," said Jan.
Bill and Eva had six children, 24 grandchildren, 29 great grandchildren and six great-great grandchildren.
The couple met and fell in love in Tairua in about 1938.
Eva was working at her parent's general store, the only store in Tairua at the time. Bill had just moved to the beach town from Hikutaia, near the Thames, to work on the Cory-Wright farm, which involved delivering meat to local homes on his pushbike.
By 1941 they were married, a milestone they celebrated at home in July this year with their 76th wedding anniversary. And, despite being unwell, Bill made it out of bed to share the special occasion with Eva.
The couple spent much of their life together working on farms, which began with milking cows on Eva's family's farm - the Beach family farm - in Tairua.
"When they first started [the milking] was all by hand. Mum worked alongside dad," said Jan.
They took over Bill's father's dairy farm at Turua, just out of the Thames, in 1942 where they stayed until their retirement in 1978.
Bill and Eva then moved to the Thames township where they have lived ever since.
Bill Darrah, pictured taking one of his horses through its early morning training run at the track he built on his property near the Thames. Photo / Alan Gibson Bill Darrah, pictured taking one of his horses through its early morning training run at the track he built on his property near the Thames. Photo / Alan Gibson
Bill's main interest became breeding and training trotting horses on a little block of land in Kopu, where he built his own track. He turned out a number of winners including Iwi Alex who won 10 races and just over $100,000 in purses.
"He never stopped until three months ago," said Jan. "He went out every morning for his horses, his chooks, his pigs."
The couple loved rugby and their family. They also loved their horses and enjoyed taking them to Cambridge and Alexandra Park in Auckland.
When this became too much for Eva, she stayed at home and watched the races on TV.
Right up until a week before she died, Eva would wake up with Bill at about 5.30am every day and go out in the dark on her walker to collect the New Zealand Herald from the letterbox.
She spent her days tending to her garden and cooking recipes she found in the newspaper and magazines.
"They always had a steady stream of people through the house. I think that is what has kept them going over the years too, the visitors. And there was always something in the cake tins," said Jan.
"They were great at supporting other people. Their home was a central meeting place."
Bill was heavily involved in the community, which included being a member of the Hauraki Plains District Council, founding member of the Turua fire brigade and a life member of the Thames Trotting Club.
But on August 3, Eva collapsed at home from sheer exhaustion from nursing Bill, whose health was failing. She spent the day in hospital before returning home.
It was from that night onwards that family members started nursing the couple around the clock.
A week later both Eva and Bill died.
"Dad was a perfect gentleman right until the end. Every time we did something he would say thank you," said Jan.
As per the couple's wish, they have been privately cremated and will be laid to rest at the Totara Memorial Cemetery in the Thames.
CAIRO Iraq may seek to be exempt from a deal between oil exporters to reduce global supply in order to support crude prices and ask to boost its own output, the leader of the nation's Shi'ite ruling coalition Ammar al-Hakim told Reuters.
OPEC is due to meet in May to decide on an extension of supply curbs decided late last year to lift prices.
Speaking in Cairo, Hakim cautioned that Baghdad could ask to be exempted from taking part in the supply curbs as the nation needed its oil income to fight Islamic State.
"Given these sensitive circumstances, it is the right of Iraq to hope for an exemption by the other OPEC member states and have an opportunity to increase its production," Hakim, an influential cleric, said in an interview late on Wednesday.
"But we are with the principle of reducing the overall OPEC supply to lift prices."
Hakim is the president of the National Alliance, a coalition of the main Shi'ite political groups including Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's Dawa party. The Shi'ite community forms a majority in Iraq.
Iraq is OPEC's second-largest producer, after Saudi Arabia, with an output of 4.464 million barrels per day (bpd) in March, a reduction of more than 300,000 bpd on levels before OPEC cuts were implemented from Jan. 1.
Baghdad reluctantly agreed to take part in the current agreement to restrain output. Hakim was one of the Iraqi leaders whom OPEC Secretary Mohammed Barkindo met while on visit to Baghdad in October when trying to broker a deal.
(Reporting by Mahmoud Mourad in Cairo; Writing by Maher Chmaytelli in Erbil, editing by David Evans)
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
A child minder who looked after Madeleine McCann has broken her silence nearly ten years after the three-year-old went missing.
The witness, who was working at the Portuguese resort where Madeleine vanished on May 3, 2007, said she is still haunted by the night's events a decade on, according The Daily Mail.
She said Gerry McCann desperately tried to find his missing daughter as his wife Kate wailed, "They've taken her".
The woman, who has not been named, reportedly looked after Madeleine several times.
She told The Mirror the resort Madeleine vanished from was considered so unsafe nannies were given rape whistles and told not to go out alone.
She also criticised how Portuguese police handled the incident.
She said: "[Kate] was pacing up and down. The worst possible thing had just happened to her.
"She was crying, but almost in a catatonic state, and Gerry was very distressed.
"That's the one thing I really remember from him, looking under the cars. I can't forget that."
Continued below.
Related Content Crime expert: 'The only Madeleine McCann theory that stacks up' Dark twist in Madeleine McCann case Video Madeleine McCann search extended for six months
The woman also claimed police missed out "whole chunks" of information during their investigation and took some 90 minutes to arrive at the scene.
She said there was "no way" the McCann's had any involvement in their daughter's disappearance.
Police investigating the disappearance of Madeleine were last month given an £85,000 (NZ$152,000) "last throw of the dice" after identifying a new "person of interest".
The hunt had been due to end within weeks but extra cash was found to explore a lead in the investigation, which is nearly a decade old.
An insider said police had found a person who was close by when the three-year-old went missing while on holiday in the Algarve resort of Praia da Luz in 2007.
The source said: "There is just one person who detectives want to speak to, who was near the area where Madeleine disappeared almost ten years ago. An international search has been under way to find them.:
The Portuguese press reported that 'police are understood to have clues pointing to the existence of a new suspect', but it was not said whether it was a man or a woman.
A report in newspaper Correio da Manha read: "This new suspect is believed to be Portuguese and was apparently seen near the Ocean Club, where Kate and Gerry McCann were staying with their children when Madeleine disappeared.
"British police are understood to be preparing to question this new suspect."
Kate and Gerry McCann were said to be 'very grateful' for the continued funding amid fears the £11.1million (NZ$19.8m) investigation into Maddie's disappearance, which is codenamed Operation Grange, was about to be shelved.
A family spokesman said: "Kate and Gerry remain incredibly grateful to the Home Office and the Met Police for the continued work into the search for their daughter."
A close friend of former GP Kate, 49, and heart doctor Gerry, 48, said: "They have never given up hope of finding out what happened to Madeleine, and believe she could be alive.
"They appreciate the Met Police's help and know they are doing everything possible for a resolution."
- Daily Mail
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 11/4/17 The Borussia Dortmund team bus is seen after an explosion near their hotel before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach
Football Soccer - Borussia Dortmund v AS Monaco - UEFA Champions League Quarter Final First Leg - Signal Iduna Park, Dortmund, Germany - 12/4/17 Borussia Dortmund players line up before the game Reuters / Kai Pfaffenbach
BERNE The world players' union FIFPro said that Borussia Dortmund should not have played so soon after Tuesday's attack on their bus and wants clear guidelines on dealing with similar incidents should they happen in the future.
Dortmund's Champions League quarter-final first leg at home to AS Monaco was postponed by 24 hours after three explosions went off near the bus as it made its way to the stadium, injuring Spanish defender Marc Bartra.
The game was immediately rescheduled for Wednesday where Monaco ran out 3-2 winners.
FIFPro said that the game could have been delayed for longer, regardless of any knock-on effect to the fixture list.
"Players are people first and their emotional state must be taken into account. This comes before any other consideration," the Dutch-based union told Reuters.
"We believe the incident was serious enough to warrant a longer delay than 24 hours, irrespective of the challenges it would have posed for travelling fans and to adjust the match calendar."
European soccer body UEFA took the decision to reschedule the game on Tuesday night, saying it had consulted both clubs and police authorities.
"A revision of this incident needs to be carried out together with FIFPro and other key stakeholders to create clear guidelines on how to act in such extreme circumstances," FIFPro said.
Dortmund coach Thomas Tuchel said after the game on Wednesday that his team had not been ready to play and had found out about the rescheduling after receiving a text message from Switzerland, where UEFA is based.
Following Tuchel's comments, UEFA reaffirmed in a statement that the decision was made at the stadium on Tuesday night "in cooperation and complete agreement with clubs and authorities."
"UEFA was in touch with all parties on Wednesday and never received any information which suggested that any of the teams did not want to play," it said.
Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke said on Tuesday night that there was no alternative to playing on Wednesday.
"We have a very tight fixture list," he said on the club's website. "The second leg is next week. There is no possibility to wait for Thursday. The Monaco team cannot stay here, they also have a game at the weekend."
On Wednesday, he said he had "appealed to the team to show society that we do not bend before terror."
(Reporting by Brian Homewood; editing by Richard Lough)
MIAMI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, FLA. (WSVN) - According to Forbes magazine, American Airlines has announced that they will no longer provide chartered flights for six NFL teams, including the Miami Dolphins.
Other teams to be dropped include the Arizona Cardinals, the Baltimore Ravens, the Indianapolis Colts, the Jacksonville Jaguars and the Pittsburgh Steelers, during the 2017-2018 season.
Forbes said the company decided to end the agreements due to a sufficient lack of aircraft. “After careful evaluation, we are reducing the number of charter operations for 2017 to ensure we have the right aircraft available for our passenger operation,” said American spokeswoman Lakeesha Brown, according to Forbes.
Forbes said American Airlines will continue to transport the Carolina Panthers, the Dallas Cowboys and the Philadelphia Eagles.
It's unknown why American Airlines chose these particular teams, but for the three teams that will still receive chartered flights, Forbes speculates that the high amount of activity American Airlines receives in the teams' home towns may have influenced the decision in keeping them onboard.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SuperGIS Desktop 10 is now developing a new add-on called Linear Referencing, which will assist GIS analysts to manage spatial data with a linear structure more rapidly.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Desktop
• Gis
• Supergeo Industry:
• Computers Location:
• Taipei - Taipei - Taiwan
Contact
Supergeo Technologies Inc.
***@supergeo.com.tw Supergeo Technologies Inc.
End
-- Adding spatial references to data is what makes spatial data unique. It enables us to perform geographic analysis and make further applications with GIS software. Generally, the data are recorded with X and Y coordinates, which is a very precise location method. However, the method has its limitation. In our daily lives, many features display a linear pattern in geography. For example, street lamps are located along a street, or bridges are distributed along a river. The X and Y coordinates cannot show the linear structure and thus aren't efficient for querying data. According to that, many organizations prefer to manage the data by referencing to lines, which also integrates the distance from the starting point and the offset from the line to record it more thoroughly. In this way, the administration can analyze the data in a more rapid way. And this method can apply to almost all data distributed along a line, like the pavement of roads, the location of car accidents, and the distribution of pipelines.This location method is called Linear Referencing, which allows users to find the location of data through the line. Linear Referencing is also an easier way to transform narrative description into spatially referenced points or segments, making it suitable for disaster response. For example, when an incident occurred on the highway, the response team can immediately locate it even if they only know the road name and the nearest milepost, like at mile 102 Interstate 5.The latest SuperGIS Desktop 10 was released in September of 2016 and has been updated several times. After the release of SuperGIS Spatial Analyst 10 and Network Analyst 10, SuperGIS Desktop will augment more great features this year, including the Linear Referencing add-on introduced in this press release. With the idea of solution-oriented design, cloud technology, and user friendly workflow, Supergeo will develop more multifunctional and practical products in the future.Get a free trial of SuperGIS Desktop 10:Watch the videos of SuperGIS Desktop 10's new features:
(Reuters) - UK's Cineworld (CINE.L) said its $3.6 billion (2.54 billion pounds) deal to buy U.S. cinema chain Regal Entertainment (RGC.N) was on track to close in March after it secured support from a majority of its own shareholders and the largest investor in Regal on Friday.
Cineworld said 87.34 percent of votes cast at a general meeting in London on Friday were in favour of the deal.
Shareholder advisory group Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) had urged investors last week to oppose the deal, citing “significant financial and operation risks.”
Other shareholder advisory firms, including PIRC, had recommended that investors back the takeover.
Late on Friday, Cineworld said in a market announcement that Denver-based The Anschutz Corporation - the largest shareholder in Regal Entertainment - has submitted its written consent to the deal.
Cineworld said all company and Regal shareholder approvals needed to go ahead with the deal have been received, adding that it expects to complete on or before March 2.
London-listed Cineworld agreed in December to buy Regal Entertainment through a reverse takeover funded with debt and a 1.7 billion pound ($2.42 billion) share sale.
The acquisition will give the British company a presence in the U.S. market and transform it into the world's second-biggest cinema chain by number of screens, with more than 9,500.
A majority of Cineworld shareholders also approved the share sale to fund the deal, the company said on Friday.
“As will be seen from the proxy votes, there was very strong support from shareholders for the acquisition,” Cineworld's Chairman Anthony Bloom said in a statement.
The takeover would put the combined company in a better position to take on industry leader AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc (AMC.N), and give it more scale to fight growing competition from Netflix Inc (NFLX.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and other digital outlets.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
MEXICO CITY, April 12 Mexico's peso strengthened by more than 1 percent on Wednesday to its strongest level since Donald Trump won the U.S. election, after the U.S. president said the dollar was getting too strong, lifting emerging market currencies.
The peso firmed more than 1 percent to 18.57 per dollar, its best showing since Nov. 9. (Reporting by Miguel Angel Gutierrez)
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne sued the Opposition leader for defamation Monday, less than six months away from the June provincial election.
The legal action stems from comments Progressive Conservative Leader Patrick Brown made in September, a day before Wynne testified as a witness at a trial in Sudbury, Ont., involving two provincial Liberals facing Election Act bribery charges.
Brown told reporters he hoped Wynne would give answers about the scandal “maybe when she stands trial” and went on to describe her as a “sitting premier, sitting in trial.”
The premier was not on trial and had waived parliamentary privilege in order to testify as a witness.
The Tory leader refused to apologize for the statements both after an initial letter from Wynne's lawyer and following a libel notice in October, saying he would “ignore her baseless legal threat.” His lawyer has said the statements were not defamatory.
Wynne's legal team filed a statement of claim in court Monday that seeks $100,000 in general, aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages. Brown's statements harmed Wynne's reputation, they wrote.
“The deliberate, malicious conduct of the defendant in publishing the defamatory statements is part of an ongoing campaign engineered by the defendant and others to harm the plaintiff's reputation,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“The defendant's egregious misconduct in publishing statements that he knew to be false, his ongoing refusal to retract these false statements, and his high-handed and oppressive conduct in stating to media and directly to the world at large that the plaintiff's complaints were baseless and would be ignored, all justify an award of aggravated, exemplary and punitive damages against the defendant.”
Wynne's spokeswoman said the statement of claim was filed to preserve the premier's ability to continue with the legal case.
“We continue to remain hopeful that this issue can be resolved with an apology from Patrick Brown for his defamatory remarks,” Jenn Beaudry wrote. “It should be that simple. However, if he continues to refuse to apologize we will have the ability to continue legal action.”
Brown has not yet filed a statement of defence.
Progressive Conservative Bill Walker also made remarks in September suggesting the premier was under investigation and facing charges in connection with the Sudbury bribery trial. He apologized hours after receiving a letter from Wynne's lawyers.
“Mr. Walker's apology and retraction were widely reported in the media and there can be no doubt that the situation was extensively discussed by (Brown) and his staff,” Wynne's lawyers wrote.
“As a result, the defendant was fully aware that the Walker statements were false, and that Mr. Walker had retracted them and issued a public apology.”
The two Liberals on trial in Sudbury were ultimately acquitted.
Wynne previously sued the former Progressive Conservative leader, Tim Hudak, and another Tory member of provincial parliament after the pair said she oversaw — and possibly ordered — the destruction of documents related to two cancelled gas plants. Those are allegations for which two McGuinty-era staffers are on trial and awaiting a judge's decision.
That lawsuit was resolved in 2015, though it is not known whether it was settled or withdrawn.
ROXAS City – The establishment of a solar power plant was proposed in Barangay Santa Ana, Tapaz to address power interruptions in the municipality, Mayor Roberto Palomar said.
Power loss affects the delivery of public services at the municipal hall, especially at the Rural Health Unit which houses electric-powered laboratory, dental, and optical equipment, among others.
“We will put our own system of generating electricity by putting up a solar plant. Its feasibility study is underway,” Palomar said.
The proposed solar power plant is projected to supply at least 10 megawatts (MW) daily, the mayor added.
The power supply will be then sold to the Capiz Electric Cooperative (Capelco), Palomar explained.
Capelco, which distributes 38 MW daily to its member-consumers, has yet to accept the offer. (PIA/PN)
A Luton Keech Hospice Care charity shop had cash and jewellery stolen during a break-in.
The charity shop, on Birdsfoot Lane, was burgled between the hours of 5.15pm on Tuesday (October 3) and 8.35am on Wednesday.
A Keech Hospice Care spokeswoman, said: “As a charity, we rely on the community, including our 32 charity shops, to help to raise 70 per cent of the £5.7 million we need every year to care for adults in Luton and South Bedfordshire and children in Bedfordshire, Hertfordshire and Milton Keynes with terminal and life-limiting illnesses.
“We are saddened by this incident and ask if anyone can help by donating their unwanted quality items to the shop, we would be very grateful at this difficult time.
“We are working with Bedfordshire Police who are investigating the incident and they should be contacted for any further details which are required.”
A Bedfordshire Police spokeswoman, said: “We were called at approximately 12.50pm on Wednesday (October 4) to reports of a burglary at the Keech Hospice Care shop in Birdsfoot Lane, Luton.
“Between 5.15pm on Tuesday (October 3) and 8.35am on Wednesday, an unknown number of people forced entry through the front door of the shop and searched it, taking cash and jewellery.
“Anyone with any information is asked to call Bedfordshire Police on 101 quoting reference number C/42285/2017. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.”
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
LISTED companies post their disclosures on the website of the Philippine Stock Exchange (PSE). Their contents are reported here for the information of the public. In the case of Ayala Corp. (AC) and other publicly traded stocks, their filings serve as the only source of information for minority investors, who don't have any other kind of link with insiders.
In another piece that appeared in this space on Monday, Due Diligencer analyzed the content of the general information sheet (GIS) posted on May 22, 2017 on the PSE website. In that filing, or disclosure, the company told the public about the number of stockholders who owned both common and preferred shares.
In its GIS, Ayala, which uses AC as market symbol, listed Mermac Inc. as owner of 303.689 million common shares and 159.684 million voting preferred shares. Mermac's holdings were equivalent to 48.888 percent of 621.19 million outstanding AC common shares, and 79.842 percent of 200 million outstanding AC voting preferred shares.
(Note. Due Diligencer uses 890.726 million shares as AC's outstanding capital stock, which includes 638.606 million common shares, and 252.12 million preferred shares.)
The same GIS showed Mermac as holder of 52.0343 percent of 890.726 million outstanding capital stock. AC listed the equivalent at 53.40 percent.
Zobel-owned Mermac
As the holding company of the Zobels, Mermac has AC as its only subsidiary. A public ownership report (POR) posted on April 16, 2018 on the PSE website listed Mermac as a principal stockholder, owning 265.626 million common shares, or 47.74 percent.
Based on the same POR, public stockholders owned 320.978 million AC common shares as of April 16, 2018. Their holdings were equivalent to 51.66 percent, according to AC's ownership disclosure.
As of March 31, 2018, Mermac topped AC's 100 biggest stockholders. PCD Nominee Corp. held, as of the same cut-off date, 186.367 million AC common shares, or 29.996 percent, for foreigners, and 78.561 million AC common shares, or 12.665 percent, for Filipinos. When these percentages were added together, their total holdings reached an equivalent of 42.641 percent.
Mitsubishi Corp., the Zobels' Japanese partner, held 37.771 million AC common shares, or 6.079 percent. Mitsubishi Logistics Corp. owned 360,512AC common shares, or 0.058 percent.
The SM group, which is owned by businessman Henry Sy Sr. and his family, held AC common shares through three subsidiaries – Shoemart Inc., 7.529 million AC common shares, or 1.212 percent; Sysmart Inc., 1.501 million AC common shares, or 0.241 percent; and SM Investments Corp., 1.419 million AC common shares, or 0.228 percent.
Due Diligencer's take
If the public investors are wondering how they ended up as AC's majority stockholders as shown by the filings, they should ask the company's board how this happened and continues to happen. Perhaps, they could ask the Zobels' listed holding company to explain why they are shown in the filings as owners of a controlling 51.66 percent interest, which is even more than Mermac's AC common share holdings of 296.626 million AC common shares, or 47.74 percent.
It is really surprising to see such ownership report when the definitive information statements – such as this one filed by AC, but also similar reports filed by other listed companies – attribute so many common shares to the public. Imagine, in AC's case, they are even THE majority stockholders!
Why do regulatory authorities allow this? Only SEC officials and PSE leadership know the answer.
Even Ayala Land Inc. (ALI), whose common shares are also publicly traded, credited the public with 7.672 billion ALI common shares, or 52.10 percent. The same POR listed AC as the only principal stockholder, with 6.924 billion ALI common shares, or 47.02 percent.
These percentages should be a big surprise for ALI's public stockholders, who, after all, do not hold that much ownership. Imagine, their holdings in Ayala Land even topped those of AC! How could this be possible when the same board gets re-elected every annual stockholders meeting?
If the public stockholders are, indeed, the real owners of such holdings as shown by the filings, they must have control of ALI's nine-person board and AC's seven-person board. But in reality, why don't they hold such control? Just asking.
esdperez@gmail.com
Although Guyana has the single largest number of Indigenous Indians in Latin America and the Caribbean, a recent United Nations-sponsored study has found they are doing poorly in the areas of birth registration and accessing secondary education compared to national averages.
Guyana's indigenous population is about 76,000.
The study on Indigenous Women and Children, which was officially handed over by Representative of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) in Guyana, Sylvie Fouet to the Ministers of Indigenous People's Affairs, finds that 20 percent of Indigenous Indians do not have birth certificates compared to about 10 or 11 percent for the entire country.
“It is not that you don't want to register but maybe you don't have the people on spot. The process to register is not there or you register and you don't have it back,” she said of the UNICEF-Guyana study, the first of its kind in Latin America and the Caribbean. The study notes that the 2014 Multiple Indicator Cluster Survey shows that 21 percent of Indigenous children younger than five years old were not registered, and those who were registered never collected their birth certificates.
Two main factors identified for a lag in birth registrations were many births outside health facilities and so they skip the bedside registration at the health facilities, and “many Indigenous Peoples mentioned that the bureaucracy involved in the process is difficult to understand and consequently it is hard for them to apply for the birth registration”.
Touching on access to secondary education, the UNICEF official noted that in the rest of Guyana, 7 or 8 out of 10 children transition from primary to secondary schools in contrast to 5 out of 10 in Indigenous communities.
“You can see then they don't have the same opportunity,” she said.
The study states that out of 100 Indigenous boys and girls, only 53 reach the final years of secondary education. School dropouts are common in the hinterland because, according to the study, they stop their formal education when transitioning from primary to secondary education, and during secondary education when adolescents stop their formal schooling.
Main factors influencing school attendance and students' permanence in school, the study finds, are lack of schools-mainly secondary, in the hinterlands and difficult access to them; financial situation of families resulting in adolescents working early in low-skill jobs; lack of jobs at the local level that require academic qualifications, causing them to drop out and seek menial jobs outside their villages mainly in logging and mining; schools' curricula that are tailored for urban settings, and teenage pregnancy that pushes many adolescents out of school.
Qualitative and quantitative data were gathered from more than 1,000 persons from among the nine Indigenous Peoples including their village leaders, religious and community leaders, academics, government officials, adolescents as well as community observations.
Minister of Indigenous People's Affairs, Vice President Sidney Allicock says due to the ease with which the Indians traverse the Guyana-Venezuela border, has seen a number of them registering in that Spanish-speaking nation.
Junior Minister of Indigenous People's Affairs, Valerie Garrido-Lowe reiterated that the Ministry of Citizenship has been spearheading registration of births in Indigenous communities.
The ministers said follow-up work is being done by the various ministries and regional councils as part of a plan of action, and that the study would arm them to execute programmes effectively. “For us to be able to give support to these communities, we need the facts and this document is such a document that we need,” Allicock said in referring to the study.
Vice President Allicock said government would encourage the Indigenous Communities, National Toshaos Council and the wider public. He said it was possible that the study would help to influence amendments to the Amerindian Act so that the law could be strengthened.
LAS VEGAS (KLAS) — One way people are honoring the lives lost in the shooting at the Route 91 music festival is by opening up their wallets.
MGM Resorts already donated a whopping $3 million to the victims and their families and Sheldon Adelson and the Las Vegas Sands Corporation donated $4 million.
Zappo's, the UFC, and Station Casinos have all pledged $1 million each.
Many individuals are also donating what they can, including more than $9 million raised in a GoFundMe campaign started by Clark County Commissioner Steve Sisolak and Sheriff Joe Lombardo. But exactly how will the money be put into the hands of those who need it?
The LasVegasNow.com I-Team tried to find out.
The outpouring of generosity has been inspirational and astounding. The GoFundMe effort is perhaps the best example of that.
As of Thursday evening, that fund stood at $9.5 million raised in just a few days from 77,000 donations. So, how will the money be spent, and who will administer the funds?
“We set up a GoFundMe account because the sheriff and I thought that we could maybe help some of these victims with funeral expenses, with travel expenses,” Sisolak said.
Commissioner Sisolak's idea to team up with Sheriff Joe Lombardo in starting a fund to help to shoot victims quickly exceeded expectations.
It is not clear how the millions of dollars in the fund will be dispersed. At Wednesday's county commission meeting, the discussion focused on whether a third party such as the National Center for Victims of Crime could be brought in to handle the administrative duties. Those duties include getting the money into the hands of those who need it most by paying for ongoing medical treatments, travel expenses for the wounded and funeral expenses for those who died.
On Thursday, the I-Team learned another potential partner surfaced. Discussions were held behind the scenes between Commissioner Sisolak's staff and individuals with experience in administering funds raised in the wake of a tragedy. In particular, the Boston Marathon bombings of 2013. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured. Donations exceeded $60 million.
Boston's experience could serve as a model, however, no agreement has been reached.
“We are in the process now of deciding strategy and structure, how to give out the money. We had people today who flew in to meet with county staff to try and coordinate this. The sheriff and I are not involved with this. We started it, but that's the extent of what we plan to do,” Sisolak said.
It is not known how and to whom the Las Vegas money would be distributed, but a large chunk of the donated money will stay with GoFundMe, the company which hosts the fundraising webpage.
GoFundMe charges a standard 7.9 percent of all the money raised plus a fee of 30 cents per donation. As of thursday evening, 77,000 individual donations have been made from 75 countries around the world.
That means the total fee charged by GoFundMe for hosting the Las Vegas page could exceed $776,000 dollars.
Whether GoFundMe can be talked into cutting some slack on its fees is unknown.
Commissioner Sisolak said, that in addition to a group from Boston, county staff also met with groups who managed similar funds following tragedies in New York and Orlando. Whoever administers the Las Vegas fund must agree to allow for local control in vetting which people qualify to receive some of the money.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
"Give Me the Key" is a powerful and disturbing statement on family relationships and responsibility, where art and the every day inevitably collide.
Give Me the Key
Contact
Ginger Liu
***@gingerliu.com Ginger Liu
End
--is a performance of psychotic demands and emotions caused by Alzheimer's disease. Originally intended as a live performance, the audio and video installation is part of the accompaniedthirty-day film project which presents the everyday rehearsals and confessions of the artist process.Thedocumentary and video installation,andis a powerful and disturbing compilation from 300+ videos, filmed daily over 30 days, depicting the raw and honest portrait of living with dementia and the blurring of artist process.Born in Los Angeles and raised in England by Chinese and British parents, Ginger Liu's work investigates the intersections of memory, identity, culture, and performance.By Ginger LiuThe Holden GalleryGrosvenor Building, Cavendish St,Manchester M15 6BR0160 267 1705www.holdengallery.mmu.ac.uk
OXY99's portable oxygen kit provides the best way to counter the negative effects of pollution and to increase the depleted oxygen levels in your blood.
Contact
OXY99
+919650804044
info@oxy99.org OXY99+919650804044
End
-- OXY99offers the best solution for revitalization, low oxygen and breathing disorders. Low oxygen has now become a norm in our big cities because of rampant pollution. OXY99 sellsthat comprises of oxygen can, oximeter and a face mask. OXY99comprises of 99% pure oxygen and the oximeter is used to measure level of oxygen in your blood. Rampant pollution in our cities is having negative effect on the quality of air in the atmosphere. Patients suffering from breathing disorders can useto meet their oxygen requirements.OXY99 portable oxygen is also very handy for office workers, students and housewives. Supplemental oxygen is very effective in providing you with extra oxygen making you more productive in the performance of your job. There is no denying that oxygen sustains life on the planet earth and it is used for burning food to release energy and heat that is used for performing daily tasks of life. When oxygen level drops below normal level your ability to carry out day to tasks gets diminished. Low oxygen can result in many diseases and you can use oxygen kit to get adequate level of oxygen.Oxy99is also ideal for patients suffering from breathing disorders such as COPD, asthma, hypoxia and OHS. Breathing from thehelps them to take in adequate level of oxygen and help them to lead a normal life. Such patients are not able to breathe in and breathe out oxygen in adequate measure and, as a result, have to live a limited life.should be an essential in the first-aid kit in every home.: OXY99 is a high quality manufacturer of oxygen based products. The company supplies high quality products and has become the first choice of customers when it comes to consumption of supplemental oxygen.are best for treating low energy and sportspersons preparing for an athletic event. OXY99'scontains pure oxygen that helps you to rejuvenate your life, improve your efficiency and revitalize the energy and the passion to live a full life.For more information about Portable Oxygen Kits, Medical Oxygen Kit, Emergency Oxygen Kit and Medical Emergency Oxygen Kit please visit my website.Contact Us: OXY99Address: Delhi, IndiaMob No: +919650804044Email: info@oxy99.in Website: http://www.oxy99.in/ portable-oxygen- kit.php
A man watches a TV news program showing images published in North Korea's Rodong Sinmun newspaper of North Korea's "Pukguksong-2" missile launch at Seoul Railway station in Seoul, South Korea, Monday, Feb. 13, 2017. In an implicit challenge to President Donald Trump, North Korea fired a ballistic missile early Sunday in its first such test of the year. The sign read "Pukguksong-2 missile and advanced Submarine-Launched Ballistic Missiles ".(AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)
While global media outlets have never had a dull moment since January 20, when Donald Trump was officially inaugurated as the 45th President of the US, this weekend's announcement by North Korea that it had successfully tested a new ballistic missile was seen by many as a direct challenge to Trump.
“Three weeks into his presidency, Donald Trump has given numerous indications that he wants to put domestic issues first in his effort to ‘Make America Great Again'. The security of the United States' borders, the protection of its workers and a conservative vision of its culture have all been the subject of executive orders and presidential pronouncements. Little has been achieved without controversy,” said the Independent, broadly outlining the context for its argument.
“Yet however much President Trump may prefer to focus on America's internal affairs, it was only a matter of time before his approach to pressing global concerns faced a severe challenge. Following the trial firing of a ballistic missile by North Korea this weekend, the moment may have come. Indeed, for all the talk about defeating [Daesh], rewriting US policy towards the Middle East and potential changes to America's relationship with Nato, perhaps it is no real surprise that it is Kim Jong-un who has provided the first major test of Mr Trump's diplomatic mettle. There is no more unpredictable nation in the world than North Korea, which makes President Trump's response to its latest posturing all the more significant,” the newspaper said.
Observing that the missile was timed to coincide with a visit to the US by the Japanese Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe, the paper said: “Abe declared the test to be ‘absolutely intolerable'. His presidential host, meanwhile, spoke of the importance of America's ‘great' alliance with Japan, behind whom the US would stand ‘100 per cent'.”
“In the long run, North Korea must be made to understand that it cannot risk attacking another nation. But it is only by effective diplomacy that there can be any chance of Kim Jong-un's regime being brought to heel. And for that to happen, President Trump must understand that America's most important role in the region is not as Pyongyang's policeman but as the vital glue in the complex relationship between the more rational powers of Japan, South Korea and China,” the paper said.
In South Korea, the Korea Herald picked up the issue for editorial comment and said: “By firing a missile Sunday, North Korea seems to have abandoned its wait-and-see attitude toward the Donald Trump administration. It has shown its will to go its own way, no matter what happens. North Korea should know the US has turned tough on its nuclear and missile development under Trump. US Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the Senate Committee of Foreign Relations said Washington should think ‘outside the box' regarding its strategy toward Pyongyang, and that one example is to be prepared to pre-emptively strike against a North Korean ICBM. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he would keep all options on the table, including the threat of military force.”
While conceding that a pre-emptive strike appears unlikely in the immediate future, the paper said: “If North Korea crosses a red line, the US may take action to protect its people. However, such an extreme step must never be taken without South Korea's knowledge.”
In China, the Global Times newspaper said in an editorial: “The North Korean nuclear issue is in a serious impasse... Given Trump's reputation for boldness, it is hoped that he will go beyond the lip service of the previous US president, delve into the deep reasons for the North Korean issue and have some action.”
Since it was clear that the Trump administration was going to adopt a hardline approach in policy-making, it is no surprise that Pyongyang is “going back to its old playbook” of using missile provocations to see if the US would respond to its demands, the paper said. The Trump administration is expected to exert pressure on North Korean ally China to rein in Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions, but Beijing has maintained all along that dialogue is key to resolving the issue, it said.
 Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife reminds folks there plenty to do before spring arrives, including sport shows and bird counts.
The Great Backyard Bird Count is for birders of all levels of experience are invited to count the number of birds they see in a 15-minute period and enter their tallies, by species, online at http://gbbc...
WERS “Vinyl of the Month Club” CONTEST RULES (the “Contest”)
Official Contest Rules
October 18th, 2017
NO PURCHASE, PAYMENT, OR DONATION OF ANY KIND IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN THIS PROMOTION. A PURCHASE, PAYMENT OR DONATION WILL NOT INCREASE OR IMPROVE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
1. ELIGIBILITY. The “WERS Vinyl of the Month Club” promotion (the “Promotion”) is only open to those who, as of the start date, are legal residents of the fifty (50) United States, including the District of Columbia, and who have reached the age of majority in their state of residence. The Promotion is void where prohibited or restricted by law. Employees, officers and directors of Sponsor and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions, advertising and promotion agencies involved in the administration of this Promotion, and the immediate families (defined as parents, spouses, children, siblings, grandparents and their respective spouses) or members of the same household (whether related or not) of each such employee, officer and director), are not eligible to enter.
2. TIMING. The “Contest Period” will begin at 6am Wednesday October 18th, 2017 and will continue until 7pm Wednesday October 18th, 2017. A maximum of one (1) entry per person and one (1) entry per household will be permitted in this contest. No Purchase Necessary-Odds of being selected depend upon the total number of eligible entries received. During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation.
3. HOW TO ENTER: During the “Contest Period”, either Make a Pledge (donation), Make an online Pledge at WERS. ORG Or send your name address and phone number to Promotions@wers.org if you choose to enter without making a donation. All sustaining members are eligible to win. Multiple entries, mass entries, and entries generated by script, macro, or other automated means or by any means that subvert the entry process will be void.
Complete all requested information during the entry process in accordance with the instructions. You must complete all required information to be eligible to win. All entries must be received by Sponsor during the Entry Period. Any attempt by any participant to obtain additional entries beyond the limit by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. Sponsor is not responsible for lost, late, incomplete, invalid, void, unintelligible or misdirected entries, which will be disqualified.
In the event of a dispute as to an entrant's entry, the natural person who is the authorized account holder of the email address will be deemed to be the entrant, but only if that person is otherwise eligible to enter the Promotion. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned to an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider, Internet service provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Each potential winner may be required to show proof of being the authorized account holder. If a dispute cannot be resolved to Sponsor's satisfaction, the winning entrant may be deemed ineligible. All entries become the exclusive property of Sponsor and none will be acknowledged or returned. Proof of submission will not be deemed proof of receipt of entry by Sponsor.
4. DRAWING; ODDS; NOTIFICATION. On or about 8am, 9am, 10am, 2pm, and 7pm October 18th, 2017, Sponsor or Sponsor's designee will randomly select potential winner(s) from among all eligible entries received. Odds of winning a prize depend on the number of eligible entries received. The entrant selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules. The entrants selected must comply with all terms and conditions of these Official Rules, and winning are contingent upon fulfilling all requirements and requests of Sponsor during the verification process. The potential winners will be notified by phone. The potential winner may be required to execute and return to Sponsor a notarized Affidavit of Eligibility, a Liability Release, and, except where prohibited by law, a Publicity Release (an “Affidavit/Release”) in the form(s) provided by Sponsor in order to claim his/her prize. The Affidavit/Release must be returned to Sponsor by the date and/or time indicated. If the potential winner cannot be contacted within seven (7) days of the first attempt to contact him/her, or if the potential winner fails to return the Affidavit/Release within the specified time, or if any prize or prize notification is returned as undeliverable, or if the potential winner is found to be ineligible, or if the potential winner does not comply with the Official Rules or the requests of Sponsor, then the potential winner may be disqualified and an alternate winner selected by Sponsor in its sole discretion in his/her place, at random from among all eligible non-winning entries received by Sponsor for the Promotion.
5. PRIZE(S). Five year long “Vinyl Prescriptions” valued at $295 from “Prescribed Vinyl” (https://www.prescribedvinyl.com) “AS IS” with no warranty, representation or guarantee, express or implied, in fact or in law, made by Sponsor or for which Sponsor shall be liable, including, without limitation, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. No substitution, assignment or transfer of a prize is permitted, except by Sponsor, who reserves the right to substitute a prize with another prize of greater or equal value, in the event of unavailability of the advertised prize. Winner is solely responsible for any and all costs, fees, taxes and expenses associated with prize award, receipt and use, including, without limitation, all federal, state and local taxes on the prize. For prizes valued over $600, prizewinner will be issued an IRS Form 1099 for the retail value of the prize. If potential winner does not wish to accept the prize, an alternate winner will be selected from the pool of eligible entrants. Sponsor will determine all details of the prize not set forth herein in its sole discretion. All entrants and entries are subject to verification prior to the awarding of a prize, as are the eligibility, age and other claims of/information provided by a potential prizewinner.
6. DATA. Information collected in this Promotion will be administered by Sponsor in accordance with its Privacy Policy, located at http://wers.org/wers-privacy-policy.
7. OFFICIAL RULES. These Official Rules are available at www.wers.org or by sending a self-addressed envelope to “Vinyl of the Month” – Rules Request.” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
8. WINNERS LIST. To request a list of winners, send a self-addressed postage-stamped envelope to “Vinyl of the Month” – “Winner List Request,” c/o WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Requests must be received by 1/17/2018
9. SPONSOR. The sponsor is WERS, 120 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116.
10. AGREEMENT TO OFFICIAL RULES AND DECISIONS. By participating, each entrant fully and unconditionally agrees to be bound by and accepts these Official Rules, and the decisions of Sponsor (including, without limitation, decisions regarding eligibility of entries, the selection of entrants and the winner, and the awarding of the prize), which are final and binding in all respects.
11. PUBLICITY. Except where prohibited by law, participation in the Promotion constitutes winner's consent to Sponsor's (and its designees', successors' and assigns') use of winner's name, biography, likeness, voice, photographs, video, opinions, statements, hometown, state and country for promotional purposes in any manner or media (including, without limitation, online), worldwide, in perpetuity, and without further payment, consideration, notice, review or consent.
12. GENERAL CONDITIONS. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, modify or suspend the Promotion if, in Sponsor's opinion, there is any suspected or actual evidence of electronic or non-electronic tampering with any portion of the Promotion, or if viruses, bugs, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical difficulties or failures or any other factor beyond Sponsor's reasonable control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Promotion. In such event, Sponsor reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) in its sole discretion to award the prize at random from among eligible, non-suspect entries received up to the time of suspected impairment. Sponsor reserves the right in its sole discretion to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Promotion or to be acting in violation of these Official Rules or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any person to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation of this Promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages and other remedies from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor's failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision or any other provision of these Official Rules.
13. RELEASE. By entering, each entrant forever, fully and irrevocably releases and holds harmless Sponsor, Emerson College, and their parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their respective agents, advertising and promotion agencies, affiliates, Promotion partners and prize suppliers, and Facebook, and all of their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders and agents from and against all claims, damages or liabilities arising in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, from entrant's participation and/or entry in the Promotion and/or entrant's award, receipt or use of any prize awarded in the Promotion.
14. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. Sponsor is not responsible for: (a) incorrect or inaccurate transcription of entry information or late, lost, stolen, unintelligible, illegible, damaged, mutilated, altered, incomplete or misdirected entries or entries received through impermissible or illegitimate channels, all of which will be disqualified; (b) technical failures of any kind, including but not limited to the malfunctioning of any telephone, computer online systems, computer equipment, website, server provider, network, hardware or software; (c) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any website or service; (d) unauthorized intervention in any part of the entry process or the Promotion; (e) printing, typographical, electronic or human errors, which may occur in the offer or administration of the Promotion or the processing of entries; or (f) any injury or damage to persons or property, including but not limited to entrant's computer, which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant's participation in the Promotion, or from viewing, playing or downloading any material from Sponsor's website(s), regardless of whether the material was prepared by Sponsor or a third party, and regardless of whether the material is connected to Sponsor's websites by a hypertext link.
15. DISPUTES. Entrant agrees that: (a) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any prizes awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and solely and exclusively in a federal or state court located in Boston, Massachusetts; entrant submits to sole and exclusive personal jurisdiction to said courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for any such dispute and irrevocably waives any and all rights to object to such jurisdiction; (b) any and all claims, judgments, and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (c) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential, and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrant or Sponsor in connection with the Promotion shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules of provisions, which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
* Calls 5-year-old trade pact "unacceptable"
* Comments pull South Korean won, stocks lower
* Trump says Seoul's been told to pay for THAAD
* South Korea defense ministry: No change in THAAD agreement
* Presidential candidate: THAAD belongs to U.S. (Adds South Korean foreign ministry statement on FTA)
By Stephen J. Adler, Jeff Mason and Steve Holland
WASHINGTON, April 28 U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters on Thursday he will either renegotiate or terminate what he called a "horrible" free trade deal with South Korea and said Seoul should pay for a U.S. anti-missile system that he priced at $1 billion.
In an interview with Reuters, Trump called the five-year-old trade pact with South Korea "unacceptable" and said it would be targeted for renegotiation after his administration completes a revamp of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) with Canada and Mexico.
He blamed the U.S.-Korean trade deal, known as KORUS, on his 2016 Democratic presidential election opponent, Hillary Clinton, who as secretary of state promoted the final version of the trade pact before its approval by Congress in 2011.
"It is unacceptable, it is a horrible deal made by Hillary," the Republican Trump said. "It's a horrible deal, and we are going to renegotiate that deal or terminate it."
Asked when he would announce his intention to renegotiate the deal, Trump said: “Very soon. I'm announcing it now.”
Trump's comments stunned South Korean financial markets, sending Seoul stocks and the won currency into reverse even as the country's economic outlook has started to brighten.
South Korea's foreign ministry said Seoul would continue to explain to the Trump administration the benefits of the free agreement (FTA) for both countries. Washington had not officially filed a request to Seoul to renegotiate the agreement, it said.
"Our government will keep monitoring the situation and continue our effort to explain to the United States the mutually reciprocal outcome of South Korea-U.S. FTA, while preparing for countermeasures," the ministry said.
With global demand improving, exports of goods such as cars and electronics have been leading a recovery in South Korea and a number of other trade-reliant Asian economies such as Japan and Taiwan, boosting their manufacturing sectors.[nL4N1HZ363
"Talk and actual policy are different," a high-ranking official at South Korea's finance ministry, who declined to be identified as he is not authorized to speak to the media, told Reuters.
KORUS was initially negotiated by the Republican administration of President George W. Bush in 2007, but that version was scrapped and renegotiated by President Barack Obama's Democratic administration three years later.
The U.S. goods trade deficit with South Korea has more than doubled since KORUS took effect in March 2012, from $13.2 billion in 2011 to $27.7 billion in 2016, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
THAAD PAYMENT
Trump said the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile system now being deployed in South Korea to defend against a potential missile attack from North Korea would cost about $1 billion and questioned why the United States was paying for it.
"I informed South Korea it would be appropriate if they paid. It's a billion-dollar system," Trump said. "It's phenomenal, shoots missiles right out of the sky."
Asked about the remarks, South Korea's defense ministry said in a statement there was no change to the existing agreement that Seoul provides land for the deployment while Washington shoulders the cost of installing and operating the system.
A top foreign policy adviser to South Korean presidential front-runner Moon Jae-in told Reuters that Trump's suggestion would be an "impossible option" because the U.S. military operates the system.
The U.S. military started the deployment of THAAD in early March, despite strong opposition from China, which worries the system's powerful radar can be used to spy into its territory.
Moon, the favorite to win South Korea's presidential election on May 9, has called for deployment to be delayed until after the next administration is in place and can review the decision.
Lockheed Martin Corp is the prime contractor for the THAAD system.
A former U.S. State Department official estimated the cost of the system at about $1.2 billion but said the United States would not want to sell THAAD to Seoul.
"We want to retain THAAD in our arsenal, consistent with all other U.S. weapons systems deployed on the Korean peninsula. We own them. We retain them. We have the right to redeploy them," the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. (Reporting by David Lawder and Phil Stewart, additional reporting by James Pearson, Christine Kim, Ju-min Park and Soyoung Kim in Seoul, Editing by Howard Goller and Bill Tarrant)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters)
* tmsnrt.rs/2o5ENZz
By Andy Home
LONDON, March 29 Has the copper price rally which started so spectacularly late last year run out of momentum?
The London Metal Exchange (LME) price, basis three-month delivery, hit a nine-month high of $6,204 per tonne last month, since when it has churned in a broadly directionless range below the $6,000 level.
This is all the more surprising given the severity of the supply-side hits that have been grabbing the headlines.
The strike at the world's largest mine, Escondida in Chile, has ended. But at 43 days it was longer than expected and, factoring in a gradual ramp-up to full production, is going to translate into some 230,000-240,000 tonnes of lost output, analysts reckon.
The world's second largest mine, Grasberg in Indonesia, is operating at only 40 percent of capacity due to an increasingly acrimonious dispute between operator Freeport McMoRan and the Indonesian government.
Cerro Verde, another huge copper mine in Peru also operated by Freeport, is also seeing protracted strike action, albeit with uncertain impact on output levels.
And yet the copper price seems uninterested.
This is, simply put, because there is a lot of the stuff around.
Global exchange stocks of copper have surged by around 167,000 tonnes so far this month to 750,000 tonnes, the highest level since mid-2013.
Physical premiums everywhere are bombed out at extremely low levels.
It all seems confusingly counter-intuitive until you factor in a hidden supply surge in the form of scrap metal.
OUT OF THE SHADOWS
Scrap plays an important role in all industrial metal markets but it is a notoriously opaque part of the supply chain.
Although it ends up being refined into new metal by big operators such as Germany's Aurubis, its collection and storage is handled by a host of much smaller entities, many of them still family-operated even in the developed world.
That means there is much statistical darkness as to what is actually happening in this part of the market.
But the surest signal is price.
Graphic on U.S. copper scrap pricing:
tmsnrt.rs/2o5ENZz
Scrap copper is priced as a discount to the primary copper price, whether that be the one traded on the LME or the CME in the U.S.
And those discounts flexed sharply wider when the copper price rallied over the course of October and November last year.
According to assessments by S&P Global Platts, No.1 bare bright, the highest-purity form of copper scrap, traded at flat to the CME price in the second quarter of last year but flexed out to a discount of nine cents per lb ($198 per tonne) in November.
The discount for No.2 scrap, typically containing 94-96 percent copper, followed the same pattern, widening from 20-21 cents per lb in the middle of 2016 to 40 cents at the start of 2017.
The price patterns imply a surge in supply, triggered by the improvement in outright pricing.
Further evidence comes from China, the world's largest buyer of copper scrap, just as it is the world's largest buyer of mine concentrates and refined metal.
Scrap import volumes rose by 24 percent to 549,000 tonnes (bulk weight, not contained copper) in January-February, a noteworthy break of a long-running trend of falling imports.
And Aurubis itself, which is one of Europe's biggest copper scrap processors, told analysts on its Q4 2016 conference call that it is filled up with scrap until the end of the second quarter of this year.
HOW SCRAP BALANCES THE MARKET
Everything points to a wall of copper scrap hitting the market over the last few months.
And this is typical of how scrap supply behaves.
The small and fractured nature of the scrap supply chain mitigates against sophisticated price hedging.
Rather, when the price falls, scrap dealers simply stop selling, releasing accumulated stocks only when the price recovers and they can sell at a profit again.
This collective behaviour means scrap supply dwindles in a falling price environment and surges in a higher one, effectively acting as a balancing mechanism on rapid price moves in either direction.
It also directly impacts both copper production and consumption.
With better availability, copper refiners such as Aurubis can lift the amount of refined metal they produce from scrap.
But many fabricators, such as brass and rod mills, also have the ability to feed scrap directly into their product mix, displacing some of their requirement for refined copper cathode.
They will only do so if the price is right. And with those wide discounts still holding in the United States, the price is currently right.
HIDDEN SURGE
Unlike the wall of mine supply that washed over the copper market last year, this wall of scrap is much harder to track and quantify.
But one analyst, David Wilson at Citi, suggests that scrap supply feeding into both the production and consumption sides of the copper market balance ledger may increase by as much as a million tonnes this year relative to last. ("Copper - miners strike down any hope of a supply surge in 2017", March 28, 2017)
That eclipses Citi's calculation of 375,000 tonnes of mine copper supply lost to disruption so far this year.
And even though Citi and other analysts are collectively raising their "disruption allowance" calculations for global copper mine supply this year, the impact would still be largely mitigated by scrap if Wilson's estimate is anywhere near correct.
But there is a sting in this scrap tale.
The current wave of scrap permeating the copper supply chain is by its very nature a one-off phenomenon.
Once stocks of material accumulated during the weak price environment of 2015-2016 are released, that will be it.
Until the effects are fully played out, however, scrap is going to remain an important market balancing mechanism, smoothing the anticipated transition from supply surplus to supply deficit in the copper market.
(Editing by David Evans)
Cuba's president, Miguel Diaz-Canel, flew into in Caracas on Wednesday for his first foreign visit as head of state, a show of solidarity for Venezuela president Nicolás Maduro, whose controversial re-election this month drew fire in the West.
“Venezuela now needs our solidarity,” Mr Diaz-Canel told Venezuela's Constituent Assembly, a pro-government legislative superbody set up last year. “The aggression against Venezuela harms all of America.”
The United States, the European Union and major Latin American nations have condemned Mr Maduro's May 20th re-election, saying it did not meet democratic standards. Two of his rivals were barred from standing and the election board is run by loyalists. The US government imposed new sanctions on the crisis-stricken oil-producing country.
But China and Russia have warned against meddling in the socialist-run nation, and fellow leftist governments in the region from Cuba to Bolivia have offered warm support.
“Your words express the best of the Cuban people, and we are forever grateful for the support you have given us,” said Delcy Rodriguez, a senior Maduro ally who heads the assembly, which has been criticized by foes for undermining the opposition-controlled National Assembly legislature.
Mr Maduro was the first foreign leader to meet Mr Diaz-Canel last month after he succeeded Raúl Castro to become president of the communist-run island.
Venezuela, which holds the world's largest oil reserves, exchanges crude for Cuban medical and other technical services, though deliveries have dropped over the past few years during an economic implosion in the OPEC member of 30 million people.
“We felt [Mr Maduro's] victory as our own,” Mr Diaz-Canel said. “Venezuela has supported Cuba in many ways throughout its history. We have a debt of gratitude.”
Mr Diaz-Canel flew to Venezuela with his wife Liz Cuesta as first lady, in a break with custom during the nearly 60 years' rule by the Castro brothers Fidel and Raul, who generally traveled without their wives.
He was later expected to meet Mr Maduro at the Miraflores presidential palace.
Mr Diaz-Canel's visit came as Cuban authorities faced the chaos of flooding in the wake of subtropical storm Alberto that has killed four people and prompted the evacuation of tens of thousands. – Reuters
MOSCOW, April 3 At least ten people were killed on Monday when an explosion tore through a train carriage in a metro tunnel in the Russian city of St Petersburg. The Interfax news agency said the blast may have been caused by an explosive device hidden in a briefcase.
Following is a list of some previous deadly attacks in Russia:
Oct. 31, 2015 - Islamic State use an improvised bomb to bring down a Russian airliner over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula, killing all 224 people on board.
Dec. 29-30, 2013 - Two suicide bombers kill 34 people in attacks on railway station and trolleybus in the Russian city of Volgograd, less than two months before the start of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games in Sochi.
Jan. 24, 2011 - More than 30 people are killed and around 130 injured in a suicide bombing at Moscow's Domodedovo airport.
March 29, 2010 - At least two blasts strike Moscow metro stations during rush hour, killing 40 people.
Nov. 27, 2009 - A bomb blast derails the Nevsky Express train between Moscow and St. Petersburg with around 700 people on board. At least 26 people are killed and 100 injured. Chechen rebels claim responsibility.
Aug. 21, 2006 - A bomb kills 10 people and injures 50 in a Moscow suburban market.
Sept. 1-3, 2004 - More than 300 hostages - half of them children - die in a chaotic storming of School No.1 in Beslan after it is seized by rebels demanding Chechen independence and an immediate end to the war.
Aug. 24, 2004 - Two Russian passenger planes are blown up almost simultaneously, killing 90 people. One Tu-134, flying to Volgograd, goes down south of Moscow. Moments later a Tu-154 bound for Sochi crashes near Rostov-on-Don.
Feb. 6, 2004 - A suicide bombing kills at least 39 people and wounds more than 100 on an underground train in Moscow, in what police attribute to the work of Chechen separatists.
Dec. 5, 2003 - An explosion tears through a morning commuter train just outside Yessentuki station in southern Russia. Forty-six people are killed and 160 injured.
Oct. 23-26, 2002 - 129 hostages and 41 Chechen guerrillas are killed when Russian troops storm a Moscow theater where rebels had taken 700 people captive three days earlier. Most of the hostages are killed by gas used to knock out the Chechens.
Aug. 8, 2000 - A bomb kills 13 and wounds 90 in a crowded Moscow underpass.
September 1999 - Bombs destroy apartment blocks in Moscow, Buynaksk and Volgodonsk. More than 200 people are killed. Moscow blames Chechens who in turn blame Russian secret services.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
After meet, UN rep mum on politics
Keep out of Cambodia's internal affairs.
This was the message delivered yesterday by Cambodia's Minister of Foreign Affairs Prak Sokhonn to country director for the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights Wan-Hea Lee at a meeting to discuss cooperation.
The remarks, conveyed by a Foreign Ministry official, were in line with the government's recent tough stance against the UN agency, which was threatened with expulsion last year until it signed a new memorandum of understanding highlighting sections of the UN charter regarding non-interference, as per a demand by Cambodian authorities.
Speaking after the meeting, Foreign Ministry spokesman Chum Sounry said the pair discussed work to improve Cambodia's human rights record, widely decried by the international community.
Cooperation, however, came with conditions, he said.
“To improve bilateral cooperation and build the confidence of both sides, the senior minister asked OHCHR to pay attention to respecting Cambodia's sovereignty and not to interfere in Cambodia's internal affairs based on Article 2.7 of the UN Charter,” he said, referring to the non-interference clause.
Addressing reporters, Lee balked at questions about Cambodia's current human rights situation and the recently revealed proposed amendments to the law on political parties, which critics say will dramatically curtail political rights.
She said such questions could be “explored” when Rhona Smith, the UN special rapporteur on human rights in Cambodia, visits the country soon.
Via email later, Lee similarly declined to address the Political Party Law, and said she had agreed with Sokhonn to hold regular meetings to avoid having issues “snowball into larger problems”.
“We reviewed and, I believe, came to an understanding about the multi-faceted nature of the OHCHR mandate, which is always aimed at assisting the Government to improve its compliance with international human rights standards,” she wrote.
She added the office had “fully resumed” operations following a brief curtailment of programs before the long-stalled MoU was signed in November.
Incentives for residents of nursing homes to rent out their homes and a website where people may anonymously report the location of vacant homes, are among measures being considered to tackle the housing crisis.
Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy said a number of moves are already in place or are moving rapidly into place ahead of the Government's major strategy, due to be announced in September.
There are more than 8,000 families currently classed as homeless. Children aged four and younger are now the largest single age group experiencing homelessness .
Mr Murphy said “almost 80,000 vacant homes were identified in our cities and towns back in April 2016 when the Census took place”.
Among the key actions announced on Monday morning are:
- Exploring how the terms and conditions of the “Fair Deal” Nursing Home Support Scheme could be adjusted to encourage and facilitate the use of vacant properties of those in nursing home care.
- A website - vacanthomes.ie - has been developed as a central portal for individuals to anonymously log possible vacant properties.
- An initiative on rural resettlement as a measure to facilitate wider re-use of existing housing stock, especially in lower-demand rural areas.
- A dedicated Empty Homes Unit is being established by Mr Murphy to drive and co-ordinate actions at central and local government levels and to support local authorities in their actions.
- For the Dublin area and the other four main cities, the Minister has asked that these City Action Plans are produced by end-October, with the deadline for all other County Action Plans to be completed by the end of the year at the very latest.
- All local authority chief executives were requested earlier this month to designate vacant homes officers in each of their authorities. The officers will prioritise “vacant hot-spot” areas and properties that can be quickly brought back into use.
- Ensuring that all local authorities maximise the quick turnaround of their vacant social housing stock between lettings.
- Prioritising measures to allow the change of use of vacant commercial and over-the-shop premises to residential use without having to seek planning permission.
- Building on the Living City Initiative, address the range of urban vacancy issues, such as unused commercial properties, under-utilised upper-floor accommodation over shops, as well as conversion / upgrading of vacant properties.
Mr Murphy said the delayed publication of the Vacant Homes Strategy would not delay actions to get housing stock back into use.
“Increasing supply isn't just about building new homes, it's about managing the stock that we already have that's not being used” he said.
“There is more to come under the strategy, but this is the right start. We need action taken at local level, with national co-ordination from my department.
“We're building new houses and we're going to build more, but with the pent-up demand in the system from years of little or no construction activity, we have to manage empty homes back into use.”
He said: “Almost 80,000 vacant homes were identified in our cities and towns back in April 2016 when the Census took place. It's critical that we get a proper handle on the current vacancy levels, in terms of what's changed and come back into use in the last 16 months, where they are and who owns these vacant properties. Armed with this information, we can then prioritise and target those areas where demand is greatest and help to increase the choice and availability of new homes to buy or rent.
“As I've said before, there's going to be a carrot and stick approach to this, which will be finalised in the coming month or so. People with property interests need to be made aware that we are moving quickly on this.”
PARIS Sunday's Ligue 1 game between St Etienne and Stade Rennais was interrupted after local fans managed to get into the stadium where the match was being played behind closed doors.
Referee Ruddy Buquet sent the players to the dressing-room in the 16th minute.
The fans left the stadium quietly after some 15 minutes and the players came back on to the pitch to warm up, with play resuming at 1731 local time (1531 GMT).
The game was being played behind closed doors after St Etienne were sanctioned for crowd trouble during a derby against arch rivals Olympique Lyonnais in February.
(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Clare Fallon)
England international and Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Dele Alli is good enough to play for any club in the world, according to Real Madrid forward Gareth Bale, himself a former Tottenham player.
Alli has emerged as a key part of the Tottenham team over the past two seasons and his 16 goals and five assists in the Premier League this season have helped propel Spurs to second in the table, seven points behind leaders Chelsea.
Alli celebrated his 21st birthday only this week and British media are inevitably predicting Spurs will face a battle to hang on to such a talented young player this summer.
"In terms of his ability, he could play wherever he wants. He has achieved so much in a short time that he must have great confidence in his ability to affect games at a high level," Bale told British media.
The Wales international broke the world transfer record when he left Tottenham for Real Madrid in 2013 and his success in Spain has convinced him that more British players should make the move to continental Europe.
"I've loved being part of a different culture and learning new things," Bale added. "You've just got to be open-minded and be prepared to learn a language and experience the unfamiliar.
"But I also understand why some players are reluctant to move. Like a lot of people, some footballers want to stay close to friends and family."
Tottenham host Bournemouth at White Hart Lane in the Premier League on Saturday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
Coach Charter Europe proposes to you a large set of bus yours through Europe. One of the best destinations is Germany, where the great historical past and architecture. For those who are willing to visit Europe and need a Bus Charter Europe, then these particular services are suitable for you.
Their website has a great design and provides the whole set of information. The user-friendly platform of informing the visitors and clients is very helpful and can present you the many advantages of the company. You can also find there the contact information, as well as a list of existent services of the company. Moreover, you can choose right there the country destination and you will be proposed to make the order instantly without delays. One last feature of their website, you can read about this company there and learn about their past experiences. The search engine will help you to seek fast the needed destination.
Coach Charter Europe has something interesting for you. For instance, you can easily order a bus tour with your friends, or hire a coach who will guide you in your city travel experience. If you are interested in Bus Charter Germany, then it is suitable for you to appeal to their offerings. Also, you are able to make an inquiry right on the website, which assures you a guarantee that your order will be analyzed and you will provide the necessary help. Another great advantage, you are able to receive discounts and bonuses for your special order. Last but not least, you are able to pay online with credit cards and totally assure your trip.
About Coach Charter Europe:
Coach Charter Europe is a company which proposes bus transfer services through Europe and also coach hire Europe. Having a lot of experience in this domain, the company can help you achieve new goals and memories. You will be impressed by the actual coziness of each and every bus of the company. Moreover, you have the chance to profit by their professional bus drivers as the best companions. Last but not least, they have the best team of coaches that can deliver you the best travel guidance in the many European cities. Do not hesitate to make use of their services and penetrate into the world of the most interesting memories of yours.
Contact:
Company Name: Coach Charter Europe
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@coach-charter-europe.com
Website: http://www.coach-charter-europe.com
The Auckland Council have voted to implement the regional fuel tax on the city. Motorists will pay an extra 11.5 cents per litre for the maximum time period of 10 years.
The Council aims the tax to begin on July 1, after the regional fuel tax proposal is submitted to Government for approval.
In a statement by Auckland Council, Mayor Phil Goff said, "We've agreed not only $1.5 billion in extra spending on our transport network, but unlocked more than $4 billion additional investment in transformative transport projects right across Auckland."
"Without the Regional Fuel Tax we would be able to do little more than fund the operation and renewal of the existing transport system and projects which have already been committed to,"he said.
"To raise the equivalent sum through rates would have resulted in an average rates increase of around 13 per cent this year. Alternatively, to do nothing would see Auckland gridlocked in a short period of time."
National Party transport spokesperson Jami-Lee Ross called the decision an "extraordinary raid on the back-pockets of New Zealanders".
"The public made it clear in Auckland Council's consultation they don't want a regional fuel tax with strengthening opposition to the tax over the last few months. Aucklanders will not forgive this decision and they certainly won't forget it every time it costs them more to fill up their cars."
Mr Goff said they cannot expect other parts of New Zealand to subsidise Auckland's transport.
"The council has increased investment in our transport network to $12 billion over the next 10 years and Aucklanders will contribute their fair share."
Share This: Somehow Rian Johnson's The Last Jedi Opening Crawl Is Three Paragraphs Long Crystal
Ever since director Rian Johnson confirmed that Star Wars: The Last Jedi would indeed uphold the long-standing tradition of an opening crawl, fans have been left to wonder, what the hell is it going to say?
After all, The Last Jedi picks up immediately following the ending of J.J. Abrams's The Force Awakens — specifically with Rey handing Anakin Skywalker's lightsaber to a reclusive Luke Skywalker on the planet Ahch-To—so it's unclear what the opening crawl will have to say. However, Johnson tells MTV News that there's “still some stuff to set up” for the film.
“Even if it picks up right where the last one left off, there are still a lot of unanswered questions about what the state of everything is,” he told MTV's Josh Horowitz at Star Wars Celebration. “We were able to fill three paragraphs.”
It's likely that the opening crawl will address the current state of the Republic, which lost a significant seat when the Starkiller Base destroyed the Hosnian system in The Force Awakens. In fact, the galaxy is in total “chaos” in The Last Jedi—and The First Order is using that to their advantage. There's no doubt that by the start of Episode VIII, Supreme Leader Snoke already has another nefarious plan set in motion.
As for the film, The Last Jedi may not answer all of the lingering questions from The Force Awakens—according to Daisy Ridley, we know it will answer a few important ones—but Johnson hopes fans find it to be just as “emotionally satisfying.”
New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actress Natalie Wood, prompting investigators to deem it a "suspicious death" and name her former husband, 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner, a "person of interest," Los Angeles sheriff's officials said.
For nearly four decades, mystery and speculation have swirled around the death of the actress who was nominated for three Academy Awards and starred in West Side Story and Rebel Without a Cause.
She was on a yacht with Wagner, actor Christopher Walken and the boat captain on Thanksgiving weekend of 1981.
After a night of drinking, her body was found floating in the waters off Southern California's Catalina Island. She was 43.
Investigators initially ruled it an accident but reopened the case in 2011 to see whether Wagner or anyone else played a role after the boat's captain said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate the next year to include "drowning and other undetermined factors".
In a statement today, sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said new witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night".
One of the witnesses described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly after that, separate witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner, Nishida said.
The statements differed from the original version of events provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
The sheriff's department said Wagner is considered a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," Nishida said.
The police statement was issued after CBS News aired an interview with Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina, who said he doesn't believe Wagner has told the whole story about what happened.
Investigators have said Wagner has not been interviewed since the probe was reopened. They said in 2013 that they had tried at least 10 times to interview him but he refused.
Wagner has denied any involvement in his wife's death and no charges have been filed. His publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment.
Conflicting versions of what happened on the yacht have contributed to the mystery of her death. Wood, Wagner and Walken had all been drinking heavily in the hours before the actress disappeared.
New Biofinity Energys lens designed specifically for the daily demands of digital devices on wearers' eyes
The Villages Eye Institute, part of the Perich Eye Center family
Contact
The Villages Eye Institute
(352) 397-2821
***@gmail.com The Villages Eye Institute(352) 397-2821
End
-- The Villages Eye Institute has added a breakthrough contact lens technology to its products line, offering a new lens designed specifically for the daily demands of digital devices on wearers' eyes.The new Biofinity Energys™ contact lens, available at The Villages Eye Institute, eases digital eye strain that contact lens wearers experience from using smartphones, tablets and computers. Unlike other lenses, which only address dryness, the Biofinity Energyslens greatly reduces the feeling of "tired" eyes, a welcome development for many wearers. Biofinity Energys is a monthly disposal product.The concept of tired eyes is a real physical phenomenon. Because contact lenses sit directly on the eye – in contrast with glasses, which sit a very short distance away – the eye muscles work harder to focus on near objects such as cell phones. Biofinity Energys reduces this muscle strain by adjusting to the different levels of vision correction needed as viewing angles change, which follows the curve of an eye's cornea."With average Americans spending more than 10-1/2 hours per day on digital devices, the Biofinity Energys is a welcome arrival for contact lens wearers," said Dr. William Ramsay ( http://www.pericheye.com/ 111/Dr.-Bill- Ramsay ) of The Villages Eye Institute. ( http://www.pericheye.com/ ) "This revolutionary product will improve both their vision and comfort levels. Our interaction with technology will keep growing, so we are thrilled to offer a contact lens product that allows wearers to fully embrace the digital life."Biofinity Energys also feature AquaformTechnology, which attracts and binds water throughout the lens material to retain eye moisture. The result is less blinking to reduce dryness.According to a study by CooperVision, which produces Biofinity Energys, eight out of 10 digital device users agreed that Biofinity Energys made their eyes feel less tired. Nine out of 10 agreed the lenses made their eyes "feel good."Improving patient care through technology, in both products and services, is a continual process at The Villages Eye Institute.The central Florida eye care provider further expanded its line of contact lens products recently with the new Bausch + Lomb ULTRAfor Presbyopia lens, which targets digital device users. It enhanced its cataract surgery process with addition of A-Scan Plus Connect, the single most effective solution for measuring cataracts, calculating sizes and densities, and refining outcomes in cataract surgery.The Villages Eye Institute serves the ever-changing eye care needs of central Florida by providing state-of-the-art care and ensuring measured outcomes that meet or exceed patient expectations. Its professional medical staff's expertise is backed by decades of research, education and training. Patient needs are always the guiding force in the clinic's ongoing pursuit of excellence, using the highest standards of quality and ethical values.More information is available by calling (352) 397-2821, visiting www.thevillageseyeinstitute.com, or visiting the clinic in person at 13940 U.S. 441, Building 500, Suite 503, in The Villages.
For the first time, Electric Daisy Carnival attendees had the option to camp at the festival this year. While many were excited about the opportunity, that excitement quickly turned to frustration when they were met with lines more than five hours long just to get in.
Twitter quickly blew up with people complaining about running out of gas as they waited in line. EDC tweeted an advisory message.
If headed to #CampEDC, please arrive with a full tank of gas. Expect some routine delays as with any camping event. We appreciate your patience as we ensure the safe and secure entry of all Headliners. ?? #EDCLV2018 — EDC (@EDC_LasVegas) May 17, 2018
Meanwhile, 'Compound,' a Los Angeles-based festival, worked to capitalize on the frustrations.
Stuck in EDC camping traffic? About to face 7 hours of EDC festival traffic?
There's still time to turn around and make it to LA for @lacompound tomorrow #InsomniacLovesYou but #CompoundActuallyLovesYou — COMPOUND (@lacompound) May 18, 2018
EDC Camping wasn't quite what people expected... details about the 5+ hour line to get in on @FOX5Vegas at 5 and 6 pic.twitter.com/jNol0QTd9N — Kathleen Jacob FOX5 (@Kathleenjjacob) May 18, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Golf - LPGA KEB Hana Bank Championship - Incheon, South Korea - 15/10/16. Michael Whan, commissioner of the LPGA, poses for photographs during an interview with Reuters. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
RANCHO MIRAGE, California Golf is getting younger, more global and more female, all to the delight of LPGA Commissioner Mike Whan.
Rather than cringe at the Asian dominance of the largely U.S. tour a decade ago, Whan embraced the global appeal of the game and now revels in the growth during his eight-year reign.
"My first day on this job, I was introduced at Madison Square Garden in 2009 as the new commissioner and when we went to the Q&A session, the first question I got was: 'Commissioner Whan, what are you going to do about all the international influences on the tour?'
"I said, 'embrace it,'" Whan told Reuters in an interview this week ahead of the ANA Inspiration, the first women's major of the 2017 season.
Whan said he told the reporters he would be the commissioner of a new kind of tour.
"Where players come from all over the world, and sponsors are calling us from all over the world and fans want to watch us in seven different website languages," he said, adding that the global approach was challenging but with an upside 10 times higher.
There are 34 official events on the 2017 LPGA Tour schedule with four new events this year including one in Scotland and one in New Zealand. More than $67 million in total prize money is there for the taking.
Six years ago, there were 23 events on the schedule with an overall purse of $41.5 million.
"It's a borderless game and as a result people from all over the world are finding it interesting whether they're fans or sponsors or players," said Whan.
YOUTH MOVEMENT
Whan said Lydia Ko, a South Korean-born New Zealander who took the LPGA Tour by storm after winning as a 15-year-old, was "a game-changer."
Ko became the youngest winner on the LPGA Tour, the youngest player to win a major, and the youngest world number one.
"I think when somebody breaks a barrier, all of a sudden everybody realizes that wasn't a barrier anymore.
"And a bunch of 14-year-olds are standing on tees all around the world."
The youth movement is in full swing in women's golf.
The average age of winners in 2016 was 22.3, and more than 70 percent of winners last year were under the age of 24.
The top three finishers in the Player of the Year award and the top three in the Race to the CME Globe last year were all under 21.
Whan said the trend is fuelled from the introductory levels, and that the growth of interest among young girls was the thing he is proudest of.
"When I joined back in 2008 we, together with the USGA, were running a programme called Girls Golf, where we introduced young girls to the game in an all-girls environment. We were introducing about 4,500 girls a year.
"So we set a goal of trying to get to 50,000 girls a year by the time we got to Rio (Olympics). When we got to Rio, we were introducing 60,000 girls a year.
Whan predicted that "by the time we get to Japan (Tokyo 2020 Olympics) we'll be introducing 100,000 girls a year and right now girls under the age of 18 is the fastest growing segment of golf in America."
(Editing by Peter Rutherford)
ISTANBUL (AP) — The Latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin's Mideast tour (all times local):
10:15 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, warning that it could destabilize the region and derail the Middle East peace process.
Speaking Monday after a hectic day that took him from a Russian base in Syria to Cairo and Ankara, Putin said the U.S. move "doesn't help the Mideast settlement and, just the other way round, destabilizes the already difficult situation in the region."
Advertisement
The Russian leader added that it may "finish prospects for the Palestinian-Israeli peace process."
He added that Moscow believes that the status of Jerusalem should be settled through talks between the Palestinians and Israel in line with United Nations resolutions.
The Palestinians claim east Jerusalem as the capital of their future state.
___
8:20 p.m.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has arrived in Ankara to meet his Turkish counterpart, following visits to Syria and Egypt.
Putin and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan are meeting Monday evening to discuss developments in Syria and the Middle East, as well as bilateral relations, according to the Turkish president's office.
Putin and Erdoğan met several times this year and regularly talk on the telephone as they and Iran work to broker a solution in Syria.
Relations between the two countries were tense after Turkey shot down a Russian fighter jet for violating its airspace in 2015. But the two have since restored bilateral relations.
Putin and Erdoğan are expected to hold a joint news conference after their meeting.
Edward Bramson's activist investment fund has acquired an interest in Barclays that gives it voting rights over 5 per cent of the British bank, increasing pressure for it to turn round its faltering performance.
Barclays said in a statement on Monday that entities controlled by Sherborne, Mr Bramson's investment vehicle, had acquired voting rights over 5.16 per cent its issued share capital.
Sherborne said it had invested £580m (€660m) in Barclays shares and derivatives. It owned 1.94 per cent of Barclays voting rights though directly held shares and 3.21 per cent through derivatives.
Shares in Barclays rose 3 per cent on the news.
Mr Bramson, who was born in London but moved to New York more than 30 years ago, is understood to have met with members of the Barclays board to discuss the bank's annual results and to hear its outlook for the coming year.
Barclays said he had not made any specific demands, such as to gain a seat on the bank's board or to change its strategy.
Mr Bramson has led several high profile corporate turnrounds in the last few years, including F&C Asset Management, the fund manager, and Electra, the private equity group.
Sherborne's investment in Barclays is the second time in a few months that a hedge fund has made a large bet on the bank's shares after Tiger Global in the US invested about $1bn in its shares last year.
Worst performer
Barclays, which reported a full-year loss of £1.9 billion last month, was one of the worst performing shares in its sector in 2017, falling more than 12 per cent while the Stoxx Europe 600 Banks index rose 7.5 per cent.
But its shares have rallied recently, after the bank announced plans to restore its dividend back to where it was before being cut two years ago and said it would benefit from US tax cuts and a revival of volatility in financial markets since the start of this year.
Jes Staley, chief executive, has made a big bet that he can turn round the performance of Barclays' investment bank, which has been hit by a long period of low volatility in financial markets and changes to regulation on bank capital requirements.
However, Mr Staley is under investigation by UK and US regulators into his attempts to unmask a whistleblower, raising doubts over his job.
The bank also faces a potentially heavy fine in the US for mis-selling mortgage securities and a criminal investigation in the UK for its 2008 fundraising in Qatar.
– Financial Times
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jetting off abroad for some fun in the sun or remaining at home for a staycation?
Wherever you are heading, check out the forecast for top destinations at home and abroad.
Here's the latest forecast for destinations in the UK and overseas on August 15.
Forecasts supplied by The Weather Channel.
UK destinations
Lake District
Rain early then remaining cloudy with showers in the afternoon.
High 17C. Breezy. Chance of rain 80 per cent.
Showers early overnight with overcast skies later. Low 11C.
North Wales
Partly cloudy skies. Slight chance of a rain shower.
High 19C. Light wind.
Partly cloudy overnight. Low 13C.
Devon and Cornwall
Sunshine and clouds with a slight chance of a shower.
High 19C. Winds moderate.
Partly cloudy skies overnight. Low 12C.
South Coast
Intervals of clouds and sunshine.
High 21C. Breezy at times.
Clear skies with a few passing clouds overnight. Low 11C.
South East
Light rain early, then remaining cloudy with showers in the afternoon.
High 22C. Quite breezy. Chance of rain 70 per cent.
Dry but partly cloudy overnight. Low 13C.
East Anglia
Considerable cloudiness with occasional rain showers.
High 22C. Chance of rain 50 per cent. Locally heavier rainfall possible.
Some clouds early will give way to generally clear conditions overnight. Low 12C.
North Yorks and Dales
Sunshine along with some cloudy intervals.
High 18C. Quite breezy.
Mainly clear early overnight, then a few clouds later on. Low near 10C.
European destinations
Costa Blanca (Benidorm)
Sunny, along with a few afternoon clouds.
High 33C. No chance of rain.
A mostly clear sky overnight. Low 24C.
Balearics (Majorca)
Sunny skies throughout the day.
High 34C. No risk of rain.
Mostly clear skies overnight. Low 22C.
Turkey (Bodrum)
Sunny skies and very hot during the day.
High near 35C. No chance of rain.
Clear skies overnight. Low 22C.
Mainland Greece (Athens)
A few clouds from time to time.
High 34C. No chance of rain.
Clear overnight. Low 24C.
Greek Islands (Crete)
Sunny with gusty winds.
High 29C. North-westerly winds at 30 to 50 km/h.
Clear overnight. Low around 25C. Winds at 25 to 40 km/h.
Greek Islands (Corfu)
Sunny skies during the day and hot.
High 34C. No risk of rain but wind increasing.
Clear skies overnight Low 23C.
TOKYO: Japan's public broadcaster apologized Friday to the parents of a young reporter who died of heart failure after logging 159 hours of overtime in a month.
Advertisements
NHK reporter Miwa Sado, 31, who had been covering political news in Tokyo, was found dead in her bed in July 2013, reportedly clutching her mobile phone.
“The president met the parents at their home in the morning and apologized,” an NHK spokesman told Agence France-Presse.
A government inquest a year after her death ruled that it was linked to excessive overtime. She had taken two days off in the month before she died.
NHK eventually made the case public four years later, bowing to pressure from Sado's parents to take action to prevent a recurrence.
The case has again highlighted the Japanese problem of “karoshi”—meaning death from overwork—and is an embarrassing revelation for NHK, which has campaigned against the nation's long-hours culture.
Sato covered Tokyo assembly elections for the broadcaster in June 2013 and an upper-house vote for the national parliament the following month.
She died three days after the upper-house election.
“My heart breaks at the thought that she may have wanted to call me” in her last moments, her mother told the Asahi daily.
“With Miwa gone, I feel like half of my body has been torn off. I won't be able to laugh for real for the rest of my life.”
The revelation shocked the nation as NHK has actively reported tragic deaths at other companies, including the 2015 suicide of a young woman at major advertising agency Dentsu who logged more than 100 hours of overtime in one month.
A Tokyo court on Friday ordered Dentsu to pay 500,000 yen ($4,430) as a penalty for allowing its employees, including the young woman, to illegally work excessive overtime hours.
‘Physical and mental limit'
NHK's chief has pledged to improve work conditions at the broadcaster.
“We are sorry that we lost an excellent reporter and take seriously the fact that her death was recognized as work-related,” president Ryoichi Ueda said Thursday.
“We will continue to work for reform in cooperation with her parents,” he told reporters.
Labor minister Katsunobu Kato on Friday urged the public broadcaster to reduce long working hours.
“We urge NHK to manage work hours and cut long working hours… so that such incidents will never happen,” Kato told reporters, according to the Asahi Shimbun.
Every year in Japan, long working hours are blamed for dozens of deaths due to strokes, heart attacks and suicides.
In July, the parents of an unnamed 23-year-old worker on Tokyo's Olympic stadium who killed himself applied for compensation and asked the government to recognize his suicide as a case of death from overwork.
The construction firm employee, who began working on the project in December, clocked 200 hours of overtime in the month before his body was found in April with a note that said he had “reached the physical and mental limit”.
According to a government report on death from overwork released on Friday, there were 191 “karoshi” cases in the year ending March 2017.
The report also showed that 7.7 percent of employees in Japan regularly log more than 20 hours of overtime a week.
In an attempt to tackle the problem, the government in May released its first nationwide employer blacklist, naming-and-shaming more than 300 companies including Dentsu and an arm of Panasonic for breaching labour laws.
In February, Japan launched “Premium Friday”, calling on employees to knock off early on the last Friday of the month.
But critics slammed the plan as it was not mandatory and several companies simply opted out.
AFP
Experts are cautioning Kiwis against diving into the world's latest natural health craze - untreated, unfiltered "raw" water.
In some parts of the US, there's been a drive in alternative health circles to "get off the water grid" and drink spring water that hadn't been filtered, treated, or even sterilised.
One San Francisco grocery store was selling 9 litre orbs of the water - claimed to have "a vaguely mild sweetness, a nice smooth mouth feel, nothing that overwhelms the flavour profile" - for NZ$50 each.
There didn't yet appear to be any companies following suit here, but scientists have warned Kiwis not to try sourcing their own - and stick to their town supply.
Advertisement
"Consuming untreated water is like driving your car without wearing a safety belt - you might get away with it, but you are taking an unnecessary risk," said Michael Baker, a professor of public health at Otago University in Wellington.
New Zealand surface water was heavily contaminated with microbes that could cause sickness - among them protozoa such as giardia and cryptosporidia, or bacteria like salmonella and campylobacter, which struck down more than 5000 Havelock North residents in 2016.
There were also increasing cases of serious, and occasionally fatal, shiga-toxin producing E. coli infections, Bakers said.
"From a health and sustainability perspective, the science supports use of treated, fluoridated, reticulated water supplies as the main source of drinking water in most situations.
"There are of course exceptional circumstances where people need to use alternatives, such as boiled water if local water treatment is inadequate – which may for example occur when water treatment systems are overwhelmed by heavy rainfall events."
Baker dismissed claims by producers of raw water being superior to properly treated water as "idiotic".
"Effective treatment of drinking water is one of the most important public health measures in history - so successful that many of us now take it for granted," he said.
"Perhaps that is why some consumers are attracted to the idea that water treatment is optional."
University of Waikato biological sciences lecturer Dr Alison Campbell, who was moved to write a blog post on the issue, also said there was no validity in claims that bacteria in raw water acted as probiotics.
"Raw water isn't going to be magically better at hydrating people, to address just one of the claims made for it in the US."
Water treatment used chlorination, ozone, or UV treatment to provide safe drinking water - since raw water contained none of that, consumers were at risk of potential contamination, Campbell said.
Society for Science Based Healthcare chair Mark Hanna slammed the products as "quackery", saying it smacked of a "water purity concept that goes hand in hand with anti-fluoridationism".
"Which is rather ironic considering their primary selling point is all the things in there that aren't water," he added.
"Of course, if anyone's really concerned about getting probiotics there are better places to get bacteria than by drinking untreated water - ones that won't get you sick too.
"I really hope no one starts bottling unswimmable New Zealand river water and selling it as 'raw water'."
In any case, Baker said, selling untreated drinking water here was illegal - bottled water was covered by the Food Act and there were also stringent industry standards for such products.
"If consumers are concerned about the taste of their tap water they can install domestic water filters to safely remove chlorine immediately prior to drinking," Baker said.
"Resorting to bottled water is generally unnecessary, expensive, and produces large amounts of plastic waste."
BERLIN (AP) — Lawyers for the main defendant in a high-profile neo-Nazi murder trial in Germany have begun their closing arguments — five years after proceedings opened.
Beate Zschaepe, the only known survivor of the far-right National Socialist Underground group, is accused of taking part in 10 killings, two bomb attacks and several bank robberies.
The 43-year-old's lawyers told the Munich regional court Tuesday that their client didn't have an equal role in the killings committed by two deceased members of the group.
Prosecutors want life imprisonment for Zschaepe and lesser sentences for four defendants accused of helping the group. They, and lawyers representing some of the victims, finished their closing arguments in February.
Advertisement
The trial, which was drawn out by regular delaying motions by the defendants, is expected to conclude within weeks.
FILE PHOTO: Hinkley Point C nuclear power station site is seen near Bridgwater in Britain, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth/File Photo
LONDON Workers on EDF's 18 billion pound Hinkley Point C nuclear project in southwest England could go on strike over bonus payments, two labour unions said on Thursday.
The GMB and Unite trade unions will hold a vote among 700 workers employed by the Bouygues-Laing O'Rourke (BYLOR) construction consortium appointed by EDF to build parts of Britain's first new nuclear plant in decades.
The ballot is scheduled for May 2-5, the unions said.
"The bonus rate offered by BYLOR is insufficient to attract the quality of workers needed to ensure that the civil works phase of the 18 billion pound project is completed on time," the unions said in a joint statement.
EDF Energy, the French utility's British subsidiary, said that discussions with its contractor and trade union partners were ongoing.
"We are committed to a continuing dialogue on this issue," said an EDF spokesman, also speaking on behalf of Bouygues and Laing O'Rourke.
The energy company started last month to build some of the first permanent structures for the nuclear plant.
If strike action goes ahead, construction work could be delayed, adding to years of overruns after wrangles over financing and regulatory delays.
(Reporting by Karolin Schaps; Editing by David Goodman)
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
A contemporary pool fence incorporates glass panels in a semi-framed or frameless design introducing a exclusive streamlined appeal that is simple to keep. When choosing a fence for swimming pools it will have to meet regulatory requirements for security and not possess gaps massive enough for toddlers to climb by way of. Understanding the benefits of using a far more economical design can offer a multitude of added benefits. Get much more details about glass pool fencing sydney
Security glass is definitely an effective barrier and may be designed into a beautifully completed and contemporary style to best complement the residence. The panels are secured by bolts and drilling in to the surrounding concrete providing various design choices. The strong style of fencing is usually a appropriate border to guard youngsters or pets from entering the pool area without the need of supervision and is not as harsh or obtrusive as metal fences.
Glass fences are most attractive surrounding pools providing a neat and modern day, customized result. The smooth edging surrounding the border ensures safety in and about the structure and is constructed from thick material proving resistant against extreme climate situations. The panels and steel posts necessary in construction are pricey, but present exceptional durability.
Paneling situated about swimming pools are uncomplicated to help keep clean and provide a highly durable finish. To maintain wooden and metal fencing in good condition can come to be a expensive method as wood attributes will want standard application of varnish and metal, rust prevention approaches. To produce a crystal clear outcome, a wipe down having a compatible solution will get rid of any prints, smudges, stains and dirt.
The clear glass boundary will produce an illusion of a larger space in comparison to strong wood or steel fences. Customized fences are developed for any size or shape of pool and will not take up considerably of your yard owing to its streamlined design. The clear paneling tends to make it less complicated to view the garden at all times and ensure that no pets or young children have entered the location devoid of help.
Fences should be created for the goal of improving security in and about the swimming pools. Households with little ones are expected to set up a fence that does not involve any footholds or platforms that would allow one to climb onto the structure and use it as a diving board. Glass panels don't possess key gaps preventing toddlers from squeezing via bars and planks as with classic borders.
The correct thickness of glass has to be chosen to provide high levels of durability against everyday wear and tear. Panels are constructed for weather resistance and present reliable characteristics to decrease breakage with exposure towards the components more than time. It can be quick to keep, proves most economical, and must be installed by skilled and reliable contractors experienced in framed and frameless characteristics.
Pool fencing can prove aesthetically pleasing with modern day solutions and styles accessible to suit every single property. Glass panels prove tough and are beautifully created supplying a sense of spaciousness for little or bigger gardens. A professional contractor can make the preferred thickness for panels and make sure that it delivers the safety requirements necessary to minimize accidents around swimming pools.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — As Southern California enters its second week engulfed in flames, fire officials anticipate more growth and danger due to continued strong wind gusts, no rain and decades-old dry vegetation.
A powerful flare-up on the western edge of the largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames ripped down hillsides toward coastal towns northwest of Los Angeles. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
Southern California's gusty Santa Ana winds have long contributed to some of the region's most disastrous wildfires. They blow from the inland toward the Pacific Ocean, speeding up as they squeeze through mountain passes and canyons.
Gusts of up to 40 mph (64 kph) are expected through Monday, according to the National Weather Service.
Containment increased Sunday on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties. Resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills to combat the 270-square-mile (699-sq. kilometer) fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County.
As of late Sunday, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 structures and damaged 191.
Fires are not typical in Southern California this time of year but can break out when dry vegetation and too little rain combine with the Santa Ana winds. Though the state emerged this spring from a yearslong drought, hardly any measurable rain has fallen in the region over the past six months.
“This is the new normal,” Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. The governor and experts said climate change is making wildfires a year-round threat.
High fire risk is expected to last into January.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
In San Diego, which is 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the south, the Lilac Fire was 75 percent contained. The flames erupted suddenly Thursday in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Downs training center, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbred race horses, and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Despite the size and number of wildfires burning in the region, there has only been one confirmed death: A 70-year-old woman, who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the Thomas Fire began.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
A concerned Luton mother is fed up with amount of dog mess left on the pavements, after witnessing children and toddlers treading in it.
The resident, who regularly takes her daughter to school and goes for walks along the Bushmead and Stopsley area, argues that she usually sees dog faeces left in the middle of the pavements and wishes to encourage animal owners to be more considerate.
The mother claims that the dog mess is commonplace on school routes, and that the owners should think of the damage that it could cause to children's health.
The resident claimed: “One of my friend's sons actually walked through the mess; it is young children and toddlers especially who don't look and then the germs left on their shoes will be taken into schools, cars and people's homes.”
A Luton Borough Council spokesman, said: “It is the responsiblity of owners who fail to clear up after their dogs.
“Dog faeces carry a very significant health risk that can lead to blindness, particularly in young children.
“For this reason we encourage all residents to immediately report any dog mess at www.luton.gov.uk/myaccount .
“As patterns of anti-social behaviour emerge we are able to target areas .
“The council and police have powers to fine those guilty of not removing their dog's mess through issuing a fixed penalty notice of £50.
“The council is currently consulting on introducing a public spaces protection order in the town centre to specifically target a range of anti-social behaviour, including irresponsible dog ownership, that would additionally require owners to pick up dog mess. See: www.luton.gov.uk/consult.”
April 20 Kiler REIT:
* Sells land in Beylikdüzü, Istanbulbul for 1.5 million lira ($413,018.34) plus VAT to Batıbeyler Yapı and terminates contruction agreement with Bati Beyler that signed in April 2014
* The transaction value of the sale represents 1.4 million lira profit
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.6318 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
AMSTERDAM Samples taken from the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria last week tested positive for the nerve agent sarin, the British delegation at the world's chemical weapons watchdog said on Thursday.
"UK scientists have analysed samples taken from Khan Sheikhoun. These have tested positive for the nerve agent sarin, or a sarin-like substance," the delegation said during a special session at the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in The Hague.
Earlier testing by Turkish authorities had also said the chemical used on April 4 was sarin.
(Reporting By Anthony Deutsch; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Callum O'Hare could miss the start of the 2018/19 Championship season as he recovers from a knee ligament injury sustained in the Hong Kong Sevens.
The 20-year-old is out of the pre-season schedule and is set for ten weeks on the sidelines after seeing a specialist last week, Birmingham Live understands.
It's a blow for the academy player-of-the-year who was hoping to stake a claim for a first-team spot next term after recent success with the U23s.
A spell on loan would also have been considered over the summer had O'Hare not received assurances over involvement with the seniors.
But the setback means that he won't be playing any football for a while and will have to recover at Bodymoor Heath in the times ahead.
The injury was sustained during the tournament in Hong Kong earlier this month.
O'Hare landed awkwardly on his knee and had to be assessed when he arrived home but was told that no surgery was required.
Boss Steve Bruce used the youngster eight times last season and has continued to monitor his progress.
O'Hare and striker Rushian Hepburn-Murphy are seen as the most-likely to push on next term if the manager turns to the U23 side for reinforcements.
Keinan Davis and Andre Green have already made an impact in the first-team.
Still hurting
Dr Tony Xia has again spoken out after Aston Villa's doomed promotion attempt and revealed he is still hurting after the Wembley defeat.
Speaking on Twitter, the owner admitted that everyone at the club is still coming to terms with falling short of their objective.
He stated: "Still hurting. Felt even more when you realize how much all ppl love the club, gaffer, the whole squad, including myself, have given everything but still didn't achieve our target.
"Also very difficult to verify ppl showing their real personality and humanity at this tough moment."
It follows his message to Villa fans straight after the game in which he simply said: ""Gutted. Sorry for all fans for this difficult moment. Have to stay stronger. UTV"
The inquest into the failed campaign will now begin.
Gabby's gone
Outgoing Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has paid an emotional farewell following his departure.
After 13 professional seasons, 391 appearances and 87 goals Agbonlahor has left his boyhood club.
The 31-year-old forward's last appearance in claret and blue came against Sheffield United on December 23 and he'll now weigh up his options ahead of his next move.
Posting on Instagram, Agbonlahor wrote: “At school I had my doubters but I always said I would become a professional footballer.
“Thank you Aston Villa for making my dream come true!!! 17 years, 391 games, 87 goals for the team I've supported all my life is something I would never have dreamt of!!
“Thank you to the fans who have supported me all my career you have made me feel proud to put a Villa shirt on! And also to the staff and players I have had the privilege to work with. I will miss you all.
“It's really severe” - Aston Villa and Tony Xia warned of the grim reality now facing them
“I look forward to watching the great young talent we have at the club and watching this special club get back to the where it belongs!
“The pleasure has been all mine, Aston Villa.”
Steve Bruce notified the Brummie striker of the club's decision earlier this year with Agbonlahor making just six appearances in his final season at Villa Park.
Bruce said: “He'll go with everybody's blessings here. It's maybe not gone so well for him over the last couple of years but he's been a very good player for Villa.
“He's Villa through and through and we shouldn't forget that.”
Finance expert's opinion
A football finance expert says Aston Villa's predicament is ‘really severe' and has predicted sales this summer.
The claret and blues were resigned to a third successive season of Championship football with defeat to Fulham in the play-off final at Wembley.
Steve Bruce's expensively-assembled squad is now expected to be broken up this summer as the club desperately attempt to stay within Financial Fair Play restrictions.
The club's most valuable asset, Jack Grealish, is already being linked with a host of Premier League sides with Villa likely to sell at least one of their top players.
Kieran Maguire, a lecturer in football finance at the University of Liverpool, discussed Villa's problems at length with the BBC.
Cash cuts
“It's really severe for Villa because this is the second year they've had parachute payments. They got around £35million from the Premier League to cushion the blow of relegation.
“Those payments get cut back severely next year so they're going to have £20million less coming in. I think the problem for Villa is that the owner has gambled in the last couple of years on recruiting players on big wages.
Colossal wage bill
“The average wage at Villa is nearly £30,000 a week and it's simply not sustainable in the Championship.
“It's going to be a very big summer. They're going to have to sell the crown jewels, I suspect. The problem that they're going to have is that other clubs know they're in a financial pickle and they'll be trying to get them on the cheap.
“If you take a look at their first season in the Championship, they were losing around £800,000 a week, and that was on parachute payments of around £40million.
“Next season it's down to around about £15million so there's got to be severe cutbacks. I'd be very surprised if John Terry stays because he would have been on a decent wage.
“Scott Hogan has been disappointing and I've seen his contract, and that's eye-watering. Ross McCormack has been a disaster since day one.
“The problem is that no other clubs will go near these players. They might manage to get them out on loan and Villa will probably still have to pay 80 per cent of the wages just to get them away from the club.
Aston Villa transfer 'compulsory' regardless of division - says club chief
Decision time
"Then you have the owner, who's based in China – he's going to have to work out whether he continues to bankroll the club to the same extent.
“There are a lot of alarm bells going round and that's when the vultures start to crowd and pick off things on the cheap, and that will be the big shame for Villa because they do have some good players.
“If they want to play in the Premier League then fair play to them, but I think it's whether or not they'll be able to get a fair price for them which will be the big worry for Villa fans.”
Interior designers, architect in delhi, hotel interior designers, interior designers in delhi, interior designers south delhi, high-end luxury designer furniture
Contact
SMK Technology
***@smktechnology.com SMK Technology
End
-- Does the very concept of Interior Designers cause you to be loaded with dread? There is no purpose to experience that way any longer. The following content has details that can use to get you up to rate on the arena of Interior Designers. Consider what you're going to use the primary use of a space for before you beautify it. For children's areas, think about shiny, as well as suitable their character. If the space is a collection, but lighter shades will not work.It is essential that you choose the appropriate shade plan when you upgrade of a space. Ensure that you know the shades that combination well together to give a space an overall great look. It is also important to stay away from using several strong shades in a space. Ensure that to keep your area you are Interior Designers is efficient. It is very important to consider light in a workplace space.The amount of daylight in an area performs a huge part in the way its Interior Designers should be developed. You ought to select a light-colored color to avoid a cave-like impact if an area doesn't have that many windows.They are also a big effect on the overall look of your interior decorator. You don't just simply hold images in an upright line. Try different styles and forms to give the image look more exciting. You will have white-colored space that will vary the room's feelings and make up a room by modifying how your images are hung.A new looking kitchen might be just some new cupboard interior decorator. You can feature your units to give a great overall look. Color is something you'll need to buy, but only top quality paint. Inexpensive paint not only would wear away, demanding expensive maintenance. Choose a good paint to make sure your design. Illumination is very important when you are of every room. It produces the capability to set the atmosphere and can entice attention in certain guidelines. Shiny lighting make a high energy feel and are particularly well in modular kitchen in delhi ( http://www.karmainteriors.in/ ) and washrooms. Try suing soft lighting in areas and living spaces for this type of feel.It is a good for you to use stylish components in your design. They can update a space and add a space. If used too liberally, use stylish items only as they can overcome a space. A leopard create desk sprinter is definitely changed with a flower desk sprinter. A zebra create wallpapers is not quite as fast changed. This can be done by guaranteeing item placed on the layer are healthy properly. An improperly-balance layer can toss off the whole look of the space. People who have experienced nervous about Interior Designers will get rid of counsel in this post. Whenever you understand basic principles, it really is quite simple to begin. Start using fantastic guidance you have just study, and before you know it, you will accomplish a tremendous home Interior Designers that your loved ones will be jealous of high-end luxury designer furniture ( http://www.7wdinteriordesign.com/ buy-furniture.html ).
Both parties tackled various ways to enhance their economic and trade cooperation
Image 2
End
-- Abu Dhabi, January 2, 2017 - H.E. Engineer Sultan bin Saeed Al Mansoori, Minister of Economy, recently met with Tatarstan President Rustam Minnikhanov to discuss ways to reinforce their bilateral economic and trade relations and opportunities for mutually beneficial investments. The meeting, which was held at Burj Al Arab Hotel in Dubai, was attended by H.E. Abdullah Bin Ahmed Al Saleh, the Ministry of Economy's Undersecretary for Foreign Trade and Industry, and Russian Ambassador to the UAE Alexander A. Ivanov.Both parties tackled various ways to enhance their economic and trade cooperation, reinforce access to investment opportunities in various sectors, and promote common development interests in tourism, agriculture, real estate, industry and petrochemical sectors. During the discussions, the UAE Minister also accepted the invitation to attend the Kazan International Economic Summit between states of the Russian Federation and member countries of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC).H.E. Al Mansoori underscored joint opportunities in tourism, petrochemical, manufacturing, infrastructure, real estate, and agriculture, saying these sectors are the country's top priorities to ensure food security at the local and regional levels.The Minister reiterated the importance of economic delegations to participate in economic events organized by the two sides, noting that these forums have a direct impact on enhancing communication channels between their respective business communities. Such a move will promote exceptional incentives and facilities, discuss investment opportunities, and enhance joint efforts to improve economic relations and cooperation and increase the size of trade volume.For his part, President Minnikhanov said that his country is keen on strengthening the foundations of economic and trade cooperation with the UAE and create broader partnerships between the public and private sectors to serve common interests.The President of Tatarstan invited the UAE Minister to attend the Kazan International Economic Summit. H.E. Al Mansoori accepted the invitation, saying the event is an ideal opportunity to discuss various aspects of cooperation between the states of the Russian Federation and OIC member countries. They also discussed ways to expand their economic cooperation and integration, including optimizing available capacities and capabilities.
The Knowledge Group Has Scheduled a Live Webcast on Protecting Your Brands Against Theft and Counterfeiting in 2017 and Beyond: Outsmarting Forgers LIVE Webcast
End
-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, announced today that it has scheduled a live webcast entitled:This 1-hour event is scheduled forCounterfeiting is one of the illegal but booming businesses across the globe. Misuse of trademarks and unlawful copying of the product or packaging designs have already become common. However, manufacturers still need to rigorously monitor their brands' presence in the market, including the counterfeits. As technological advancements continue to bolster the quality of counterfeited goods, mixing them with authentic products poses no difficulty.Establishing a global branding integrity is a very expensive investment, thus, it is crucial for manufacturers to keep on doing counter-activities and solutions that will safekeep their brands from counterfeiting. Product failure or supply disruption due to counterfeits can provoke claims for replacement and compensation, loss of sales, damage to brand and reputation, and financial and legal risks. The best protection should have clear policies and procedures, sound management of intellectual property, good risk assessment, and careful supply chain logistics management.Preventing counterfeits from the very start is the best measure. In this light, a panel of key thought professionals and industry leaders assembled by The Knowledge Group will provide best practices in protecting your brands against theft and counterfeiting and will go beyond traditional brand protection programs that will outsmart modern day forgers.Key Issues:§ Brand Protection – Identification Techniques§ Asset Protection, Authentication and Tracking§ Theft, Counterfeiting, & Legal Challenges§ Trademark Rights Erosion§ Anti-counterfeiting Strategies§ IP – Trademark Protection§ Litigation and Compliance Risks§ Risk Mitigation Best PracticesSteve TallantMark SchonfeldFor an updated list of the faculty panel, please visit:The Knowledge Group brings together the world's leading authorities and industry participants through informative two-hour webcasts that study the impact of changing regulations and help businesses succeed through proper regulatory compliance.Visit http://theknowledgegroup.org/ for further information and inquiry.
Madame launches its new store
At Dwarka, New Delhi
Madam the women's clothing brand launches its new store at Dwarka in New Delhi. This will be Madame's 25thstore in Delhi NCR. The store follows in the new design concept which reflects brand's commitment to sustainability within an architectural and fashionable atmosphere.
Spread over 1,000 square feet of selling space on one floor, the new store has a clean, modern feel and offers a curated selection of apparel, shoes, jewelry, and handbags for women. A standout attraction of the new store is the display table made of wood & metal placed at the entrance that drives customer's attraction towards the latest trends.
Madame's new store will have the latest Summer'18 collections with the styles that are worth discovering. Jump onto the trendsetter bandwagon with Madame Women and explore the ensembles to suit your style. The store features the best range of outfits like blazers, jackets, skirts, denims, tops, flowy dresses that would set your ultra-chic look. All the styles are refreshing and exciting with an edited version of trends.
Madame is a fashion-forward brand that promises to dress girls from their innocent teen year to their confident adulthood. At Madame the in-store associates make sure to help the fashion-focused customers find styles she loves and introduces to ones she'll love to explore
At present, Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores. Madame is retailed through online marketplaces including Myntra, Jabong and Amazon. Additionally, the brand will have its own online store to help cater its customer from anywhere, by simply visiting the website – www.glamly.com
About MADAME
MADAME is a fashion-forward brand designed and created for all fashion lovers. It was founded on January 1, 1993, with its Head Office in Ludhiana, Punjab and corporate branch offices in Gurugram & Mumbai. Madame is Jain Amar Clothing's major fashion brand. The word Madame is derived from French word which means Madam (Lady) and thus gives a widespread appeal to young women.
HISTORY
Madame's first flagship store was opened in the year 2002 in Mumbai and by 2004 total 25 stores were opened across India. Since then Madame never looked back and completed 50 stores by the year 2006. Year 2011 was a landmark in the history of Madame as it completed its 100th store in India and kept its foot in International Market by opening store in Saudi Arabia (KSA).
MANUFACTURING
An idea starts with a strong motive to pour it into reality. Our fashion forecasters always keep an eye on upcoming trends and co-ordinate with our highly skilled team of designers to bring that in reality. Madame has its manufacturing unit in Noorwala (Ludhiana) and has over xyz number of designers fulfilling fashion requirements of young women across globe.
Once the products are ready, they are distributed in respective Madame stores from our Distribution centre based in Bhattian (Ludhiana) considering the season, trend and preference of the residents. There are some basic trends which are carried over from year to year. On the contrary, the style changes on store shelves from season to season i.ie., Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter.
STORES
The brand has undergone notable expansion, opening its first exclusive store in Mumbai in 2002. There were 64 exclusive stores in 2010 and also 600 multi-brand outlets. In 2014, there were 102 exclusive stores across India. At present, Madame is expanded all over India with a total number of 150 exclusive stores and approx. 400+ multi-brand outlets. Madame aims at opening up to 20 stores every year.
PRODUCTS
Madame deals in a wide range of women western clothing, shoes, handbags, glasses and accessories.
Chimneys are seen through a window at a coal-fired power plant on a hazy day in Shimen county, central China's Hunan Province, June 2, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Lee
BEIJING China is still committed to the Paris climate change accord agreed in 2015, the Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday, after U.S. President Donald Trump signed an order to dismantle Obama-era climate change regulations.
Trump's main target is former president Barack Obama's Clean Power Plan, which required states to slash carbon emissions from power plants - a key factor in the United States' ability to meet its commitments under the climate change accord reached by nearly 200 countries in Paris.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said climate change was a common challenge for everyone and the Paris agreement was a landmark that came about with the hard work of the international community, including China and the United States.
China is keen to be seen leading the way in reducing climate change which Trump has in the past dismissed as a "hoax".
"We still uphold that all sides should move with the times, grasp the opportunities, fulfill their promises and earnestly take proactive steps to jointly push the enforcement of this agreement," Lu told a daily news briefing.
"No matter how other countries' policies on climate change change, as a responsible large developing country, China's resolve, aims and policy moves in dealing with climate change will not change," he added.
"We are willing to work with the international community to strengthen dialogue and cooperation, to join hands to promote the process of tackling climate change to jointly promote green, low carbon sustainable development for the whole world, to create an even better future for the next generation."
The Paris Agreement seeks to phase out net greenhouse gas emissions by the second half of the century and limit global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels. Each country has put forward national plans to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions.
China had fought previous attempts by foreign governments to limit carbon emissions, claiming it should be allowed the same space to develop and pollute that industrialized nations had.
But with its capital often choked by smog and its people angry about the environmental devastation that rapid development has wrought across the country, Beijing has become a strong proponent of efforts to halt global warming rather than a hindrance.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
The headlines sound terrifying: "Deadly cost of that extra drink: 10 glasses of wine a week can cut two years off your life" or "How much booze can you drink before it starts killing you? Not much".
Apparently now, even those of us who drink 10 units of alcohol a week are being told it's going to shorten our life, if you listen to the noise from a recent study.
So should all of us reasonable drinkers just stop drinking altogether?
Well, we could of course - we all have that choice already - but what the headlines and the words behind them fail to tell us is that those who don't drink alcohol actually die earlier than those who drink it moderately. Some might find this hard to believe, but it's true.
Advertisement
And if you read the report that led to the recent sensationalist headlines carefully then what it is actually saying is what we all already know - drinking sensibly is okay but if you drink too much then bad things can happen.
Let's be really clear with this. The study is large and robust, looking at health outcomes of around 600,000 people across many countries.
But while the headlines claimed drinkers who consume fewer than 10 drinks a week had a better life expectancy than those who have more than 10, what they didn't tell you is that the research also found that people who never drink alcohol had a shorter life expectancy than those who drank up to 25 drinks per week.
This is because drinking moderately results in improved cardiovascular health.
Independent study after independent study shows it to be true, and this one is no different.
So, cutting through the 1500 pages of study one interpretation of what is being said is if you want to maximise your life expectancy only drink up to 10 standard drinks a week but if you're happy with having the same life expectancy as non-drinkers then drink no more than 30 standard drinks a week.
Anything in between these you're doing okay.
So for those of us who try to look after ourselves, keep fit, watch what we eat and enjoy a beer or a wine to wind down after work - what do we do with this new information?
We digest it, keep it in perspective and follow the advice of our medical professionals.
While the prohibitionists are trying to stamp out the word "moderation," all major studies still point to our Ministry of Health guidelines as being sensible.
Those guidelines say 15 drinks per week for men, 10 for women and that we shouldn't binge drink (more than five in a session), but that drinking water and eating when you drink is positive.
Humans have enjoyed alcohol for thousands of years. It represents a convivial coming together of people - and what we know is that more than 80 per cent of Kiwis who drink are doing that reasonably and responsibly.
The alcohol industry believes Kiwis need to be in command of their own choices relating to alcohol, and that scary, unhelpful headlines don't lead to more informed choice, just more blocked ears, as people tune out to the threats and "we know best" attitudes of the prohibitionists.
• Nick Leggett is a executive director of the New Zealand Alcohol Beverage Council.
Industry Overview:
Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021” Market Analysis, Scope, Stake, Progress, Trends and Forecast to 2021.
BAE systems, Cobham, Honeywell, L-3 communications, Zodiac Aerospace, Curtiss-Wright, Dassault Aviation, Finmeccanica, Kongsberg Gruppen, and Orbit Technologies are some of the prominent players profiled in MRFR Analysis and are at the forefront of competition in the Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market.
Communication with the Fleet Communication System (FCS) is appreciated by trunked radio, cellular, or satellite communication. Telemetry technology is used extensively in FCS. The Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market is growing with the rapid pace; mainly due to the transition towards efficient and low-cost telemetry systems.
According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period. The Market is forecasted to demonstrate a huge growth by 2021, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a moderate CAGR of 3% during the anticipated period (2016 – 2021).
Factors driving the market are growing demand of radio and satellite based telemetry for military & defence application, investment in R&D to develop control & communications systems, and utilization of UAV for remote sensing. Integration across all platforms for a seamless net-centric environment, where users will have access to real-time data and better accessibility to ground control stations, this technological trend would contribute to the market growth. Moreover, challenges that defence industry face push the pressure further up to improve productivity in the telemetry market, and respond to complex government regulations. A need for the frequency spectrum in this industry will revolutionize the aerospace & defence telemetry market in future providing impetus to the market growth.
However, issues related to C-band telemetry, noise due to interference, errors caused due to non-uniformity, and ongoing budget cuts would affect the market growth during the forecast period. In the future, the common methods in satellite communication for telematics will be based on RF communication infrastructure. Adversely, remote radio telemetry is projected to possess the hegemony of the Global Aerospace and Defence Telemetry Market.
Many Aerospace & defence applications are custom designed around rotating machinery measurements for specific needs. Temperature, strain, pressure, vibration and torque can all be transmitted off of the shaft using single or multi-channel digital wireless techniques including Applications include, Aerodynamic and stress studies on helicopter blades, Measurement of torque and vibration on land and sea based propulsion systems, Gas turbine design verification and stress surveys, Torque measurements on aircraft engines during take-off, Stress and temperature testing on aircraft wheel and brake systems and Driveshaft torque testing on military ground vehicles
Competitive Analysis
The Market of Aerospace and Defence Telemetry appears to be highly competitive owing to the presence of numerous well-established players having international and global presence. Innovation, mergers & acquisitions, and brand reinforcement remain the key trends for the leading players. These key players compete based upon pricing, reputation and services. These players emphasis upon Spacecraft hardware. As computers and system become more advanced, the technology needed to make them more efficient, faster, and resistant to the environment becomes less expensive. Vendors strive to develop compact telemetry systems with the lower costing. Digital maps, which allow visualization of vehicle positions and traces is trending in this market and will play a significant role. Global economic uncertainty is prompting the key players operating in the market to region voice interests and concerns about telematics in the aerospace & defence sector and the Blue Ocean strategies in this sector will help telemetry grow at a rapid pace. To gain more competitive advantage in the market, these key players require more consolidation and integration of telemetry systems as a whole. Vendors operating in the market strive to provide a strong, supporting infrastructure with many years of on-time aerospace delivery experience, To Deliver configurable designs. From simple packaged sensors to multi-function integrated assemblies, To create integrated assemblies by providing sensing solutions to the aerospace industry by designing and delivering fully sealed, qualified products complete with a connector and mounting and manufacture rugged solutions. Field data proves these designs stand up to the rigors of pressure cycling, wash-down, temperature extremes, and high vibration
For further information on this report, visit @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aerospace-defense-telemetry-market
Industry News:
October 2017, OSI Systems, Inc.(Hawthorne, California) announced that its Healthcare division, Spacelabs Healthcare, received an order valued at approximately $9 million to provide patient monitoring solutions and related accessories to a major U.S. medical center in the Midwest.
Peacekeepers serving in the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) drive into their compound after patroling the streets during mass protests against President Joseph Kabila in the streets of the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Carrubba
A civilian talks to peacekeepers serving in the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) patroling during mass protests against President Joseph Kabila in the Limete Municipality of the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Carrubba
Peacekeepers serving in the United Nations Organization Stabilization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUSCO) drive past burning tyres as they patrol during mass protests against President Joseph Kabila in the streets of the Democratic Republic of Congo's capital Kinshasa, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Robert Carrubba
KINSHASA Opposition calls for mass protests against Democratic Republic of Congo President Joseph Kabila fell flat on Monday when only a handful of people showed up, undermining efforts to oust him after his refusal to quit on expiry of his mandate last year.
The sparse turnout in the capital Kinshasa and other major cities pointed to the opposition's waning credibility and persistent difficulties convincing Congolese to risk frequently deadly crackdowns by security services.
The normally hectic streets of Kinshasa, a city of more than 10 million people, were nearly deserted on Monday as the police patrolled heavily and fearful residents stayed home.
"How was I supposed to march?" said Papy Kazadi, an opposition supporter on Kinshasa's deserted Boulevard Triomphal, where the march was supposed to begin. "There is no one here."
The demonstration's prospects dimmed on Sunday when the main opposition leader, Felix Tshisekedi, flew to Ethiopia at the invitation of the African Union, just hours after holding a news conference to urge Congolese to take to the streets.
Deadly protests in September and December as well as worsening militia violence across the vast, flimsily governed country in recent months have raised fears of a backslid towards the civil wars of the turn of the century that killed millions.
But Kabila has successfully co-opted many opponents by negotiating the formation of a power-sharing government meant to organise a presidential election to replace him by year-end.
The country's second city Lubumbashi and its eastern hub of Goma also remained calm, residents said, though police said they arrested about 10 demonstrators in Lubumbashi.
The United Nations human rights office in Congo said it had confirmed at least 40 arrests of people trying to demonstrate across the country.
"The precipitous departure of Felix Tshisekedi the day before the march was indeed discouraging," Desire Kapangu, a resident of Kinshasa's Kasavubu district, told Reuters.
The opposition has also been wracked by infighting since the February death of longtime standard bearer Etienne Tshisekedi.
Last Friday, Kabila named Bruno Tshibala, a former member of his Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS), the largest opposition party, as the new prime minister.
The UDPS and its allies rejected his nomination, saying Kabila violated a December deal with them by not naming a candidate of the alliance's choosing and accused him of manoeuvring to hold onto power.
Kabila denies that charge. He says election delays are due to logistical and budgetary constraints.
(Additional reporting by Benoit Nyemba; Writing by Aaron Ross; Editing by Tim Cocks/Mark Heinrich)
WASHINGTON, April 6 A federal judge in Detroit said on Thursday he plans to name former FBI director Robert Mueller to oversee nearly $1 billion in Takata Corp restitution funds as part of a U.S. Justice Department settlement.
In January, Takata agreed to plead guilty to criminal wrongdoing and to pay $1 billion to resolve a federal investigation into its airbag inflators linked to at least 16 deaths worldwide.
As part of the settlement, Takata agreed to establish two independently administered restitution funds: one for $850 million to compensate automakers for recalls, and a $125 million fund for individuals physically injured by Takata's airbags who have not already reached a settlement. (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
By Simon Denyer analysis
More than half a century ago, hundreds of thousands of Chinese soldiers died in the Korean War, fighting on the side of their Communist allies against the American-backed South.
Yet today, China finds itself in the uncomfortable position of falling out with both the Communist North and capitalist South of this troublesome peninsula, imposing sanctions on both countries but getting no satisfaction from either.
Yesterday, South Korea announced it would press ahead with the "swift deployment" of an American missile defense system despite relentless and vociferous Chinese opposition.
In February, China said it was cutting off coal imports from North Korea in accordance with sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council in a bid to convince the country to abandon its nuclear and missile programme. On Sunday, North Korea ignored China's pleadings not to raise regional tensions by conducting another missile test, albeit one that failed.
China has also deployed an unofficial and unilateral package of sanctions against South Korea to convince it not to deploy an American missile defence system. Yesterday, as US Vice-President Pence warned North Korea not to test US resolve, South Korea's Acting President Hwang Kyo Anh vowed to press ahead with the "swift deployment" of that system, known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defence or THAAD.
"Even before the United States upped the tempo, China was in the unusual position of having really very bad relations with both the North and the South - that's something of an accomplishment," said Euan Graham, director of International Security Programme at the Lowy Institute in Sydney. "Its peninsula policy was in tatters, and things have only got worse since."
China is not alone in struggling to construct a successful policy towards North Korea, as the United States can attest. But the failure of its approach has seldom been more starkly outlined, as Pyongyang presses ahead with its nuclear programme, the United States sends an aircraft carrier strike group to the region and fears of military conflict mount, experts say.
Both Beijing and Washington share the same goal, a peninsula free of nuclear weapons, but they often appear to be trying to realise those goals in mutually incompatible ways.
Continued below.
Related Content Your Views: Readers Letters John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? White cop denies racism in shooting of unarmed black man
After threats, is it now time for talks with North Korea? https://t.co/AcSjriJoYg pic.twitter.com/AhUmysvYVJ — Mother Jones (@MotherJones) April 17, 2017
Under President Barack Obama, the United States tried to isolate and pressurise North Korea economically, an approach which China argues has raised tensions and forced its leader Kim Jong-un - and his father before him - into a corner.
China had banked on a very different approach, believing that building up North Korea's economy would gradually bring about more moderate politics. That, though, has simply given North Korea the resources and the technology to build up its nuclear and missile programmes, experts say.
Nor has it brought Beijing the leverage it desires: Kim has never met Chinese President Xi Jinping and channels of communication between the two governments have never been thinner, experts say.
"China's hope-based approach has encountered Kim Jong-un's 'I'll have my cake and eat it' approach," said Graham. "What's changed in the political relationship is Kim Jong-un's total willingness to humiliate China, to slap it in the face, not to give China even the ritual obeisance his father did."
China believes that having THAAD, with its sophisticated radar and missile defence capabilities, deployed on its doorstep will allow America to spy on it and undermine its own national security interests.
It has whipped up a frenzy of nationalist outrage against South Korea over the issue, with the sale of package tours to the country abruptly stopped in March and tourist numbers plunging. State-run media have called for boycotts of South Korean businesses and goods, and primary schoolchildren have even been encouraged to stage protests of their own. South Korean films were barred from a recent international movie festival in Beijing, and music videos blocked on streaming services.
North Korea warns 'thermonuclear war may break out at any moment' https://t.co/lb3DZWh8L6 — NorthKoreaRealTime (@BuckTurgidson79) April 17, 2017
Lotte, the South Korean conglomerate which turned over land to use for THAAD, has faced huge losses as 87 of its 99 stores have reportedly been closed in China, mostly for ostensibly breaching fire regulations.
But even as Beijing tries to convince Seoul to cancel the deployment of THAAD, Pyongyang shows its utter disregard for China's interests by launching missile after missile, making the case for the defence system ever stronger.
Now, Beijing has a new headache: brinkmanship not just from Kim Jong-un but also from US President Donald Trump, experts say, with the threat of US military action against North Korea now on the table.
There is little doubt this has focused minds in Beijing.
Trump spoke to Xi about North Korea by telephone last week, and now says China is "working with us on the North Korean problem".
North Korea tensions have Hawaii pols revisiting emergency attack plans
https://t.co/JAaXxCDC3E — Fox News (@FoxNews) April 17, 2017
But despite its frustration with Pyongyang, is Beijing really prepared to turn up the heat on its old ally?
There appear to be those within the Communist Party who think it should.
The nationalist Global Times newspaper argued in an editorial on Sunday that China should send a clear message to North Korea: if you conduct a sixth nuclear test, we will cut off the vast majority of your oil imports, through stiffer UN sanctions.
Shi Yinhong, professor of international relations at Renmin University of China, says Beijing is "still hesitant" to take such a radical step, one that would threaten the fuel supplies that keeps the North Korean military running.
Indeed, if the United States continues to turn up the heat, with more verbal threats or an even more robust naval presence, China could flip the other way, Shi argues: decide that Washington is the real threat to stability on the peninsula, and "shift from suppressing North Korea to opposing the United States".
What the hell is going on with North Korea, explained: https://t.co/DFNbjR234M — Ezra Klein (@ezraklein) April 17, 2017
Even though coal imports from North Korea appear to have been cut, and Air China cancelled some direct flights from Beijing to Pyongyang from this week, overall imports and exports between the two countries were up sharply in the first quarter of this year, data released by Chinese customs showed.
In the final analysis, some experts say, the legacy of the Korean War, and the survival of the regime China backed at the cost of so much blood, remain paramount.
"China may marginally increase economic pressure on North Korea by cutting down trade, tourist flows or food aide, but its primary goal is to placate Washington," said Yanmei Xie, a politics and foreign policy expert at Gavekal Dragonomics.
"Beijing has reasons and means to discipline Kim, but is more concerned with ensuring the survival of his regime, thus maintaining a buffer against US military presence in the South."
- Washington Post
The Zimbabwe Electoral Commission (ZEC) says it is fully prepared to run the 2018 harmonised elections thanks to the support from government and co-operating partners.
Other stakeholders, among them journalists, aspiring voters and politicians expressed mixed sentiments over the development.
Following President Emmerson Mnangagwa's proclamation in an extraordinary Government Gazette released today, setting the 2018 harmonised polls for the 30th of July 2018, ZEC said it is fully prepared for the exercise.
ZEC chairperson Justice Priscilla Chigumba said electronic voter's rolls will be availed to candidates who make it at the nomination court at no cost.
Justice Chigumba also said they had identified an unnamed regional company for the printing of the ballot paper and ink.
Critical stakeholders among them journalists raised concerns over the payment of accreditation fees to ZEC.
People said they are eagerly awaiting to exercise their democratic right to select leaders of their choice, while Zimbabwe Development Party president Kisinoti Mukwazhi said they have petitioned Chief Justice Luke Malaba challenging their application seeking political parties' funding. zbc
Star Plus' brand-new show that is based on the story of Harishankar Parsai will be soon going on floor.We already told you that four of Star Plus shows will be going off air. This new show being produced by Saurabh Tewari will be replacing one of them.According to the reports, actress Megha Chakraborty will be the female lead of the show.However the makers are still dicey about who should they lock as the lead actor. They are pondering over the names of Gaurav Sareen and Anshul Pandey.One of them will be locked finally.Gaurav Sareen is currently seen in Ek Deewna Tha while Anshul Pandey has appeared in shows like Kuch Toh Log Kahenge, Bade Achhe Lagte Hain and Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai.This serial will be based in Indore and its production will go on floor in February.Let us see who of the two makes it to the final cast. Who do you want to see on the screen? Tell us in the comments.
CBS Local — A Long Island woman's quest for breakfast ended up in a jail cell after police say she drove up to a jail security booth and mistook it for a fast food drive-thru window.
Lizabeth Ildefonso of Jamesport, New York was arrested on March 16 after she drove up to the Suffolk County jail and tried to order a “bacon, egg, and cheese.” According to the Riverhead News-Review, the 44-year-old was told by Suffolk County deputies that she was really at a jail but kept demanding breakfast. Ildefonso “insisted that she really wanted a sandwich,” the Suffolk County Sheriff's office said in a statement.
**ARREST** Today, a Jamesport woman was arrested by a Deputy Sheriff after she drove up to the Riverhead Jail's security booth & attempted to order a breakfast sandwich. Lizabeth Ildefonso was charged with Driving While Ability Impaired by Drugs & driving without a license. pic.twitter.com/oodUoKKe9f — Suffolk County Sheriff's Office (@Suffolk_Sheriff) March 16, 2018
Officers at the jail noticed that Ildefonso's eyes were glassy and she had a white powder in her left nose before performing a sobriety check. After “performing poorly” in a field sobriety test, the woman was arrested for driving while impaired by drugs. Police also noted that the 44-year-old was driving without a valid license.
The Sheriff's office says Deputy Sheriff Yvonne DeCaro, who arrested Ildefonso, had just completed a course to help identify impaired drivers. “It apparently was put to good use today although the surrounding circumstances were a little unexpected,” the Sheriff's office added.
TIMMINS -
Timmins Rock fans will get their first look at the 2018-19 version of the NOJHL squad when it plays its regular-season home opener at the McIntyre Arena on Saturday, Sept. 8.
The French River Rapids will provide the opposition in the first of 27 home games for the Rock at the McIntyre, while the team will also play one home and one road game during the annual NOJHL Showcase tournament at the Countryside Sports Complex in Sudbury in early October.
That initial home contest, like all of the team's evening contests, will be a 7 p.m. start.
Attendance at Rock games has increased in each of three seasons the team has been back in Timmins and in two of those three years, the squad has led the NOJHL in that category.
“We are bringing in some high-end, skilled players this season and we are hoping to see that trend continue,” said Rock general manager Kevin Peever.
“During the past three seasons, we have always put a great product on the ice and that's what keeps fan coming back.
“Our board of directors has done a really good job of ensure we offer a really good game-day experience to our fans, as well.
“We have done different types of promotions at the games to try and provide the fans with an interactive experience and I think that has also helped.
“The community has really been excellent in contributing to our program. When we go out to recruit players, people are always commenting on our phenomenal attendance. What kid wouldn't want to come and play in front of 900 fans a night.”
In addition to the home opener, another date Rock fans will likely want to circle on their calendars is the first visit of the Cochrane Crunch, affectionately known to Rock fans as the Evil Empire, to the McIntyre Arena.
That won't happen until Friday, Nov. 16, but given that the Crunch ended the Rock's impressive playoff run in the East Division final in five games local fans likely won't have forgotten or forgiven even at that late date.
Fans won't have to wait quite so long to get their first look at the Gold Miners, as Kirkland Lake will visit the McIntyre Arena on Sunday, Sept. 9, one day after the home opener.
Meanwhile, the Hearst Lumberjacks won't make their first visit to the McIntyre Arena until Friday, Nov. 30, while the Powassan Voodoos will travel to Timmins for the first time on Sunday, Sept. 23.
Saturdays will be the second most popular date for Rock home games this season, with six of them on the 28-game home schedule.
The Rock have eight Sunday games on their schedule, with six of them being afternoon starts of 2 p.m.. 3 p.m., or 4 p.m. The other two will begin at 7 p.m.
“We have most of our games scheduled on Sundays because anytime French River or Powassan come through the North, they like to play in Timmins on Sunday afternoons so they can get home earlier,” Peever said.
“They both do four road swings this way and it just kind of works out we are always the team that is able to accommodate them on the Sundays.
“It works well that way because people are able to come watch games and then still make it home for Sunday dinner, or make an evening of it as a family on a Sunday.”
There are also five Friday Rock home dates on the NOJHL schedule, , four on Tuesdays (not counting the NOJHL Showcase), two on Wednesdays and one each on a Monday and a Thursday.
The one Monday contest, on Family Day, will be a 3 p.m. start, with the Rock hosting the Hearst Lumberjacks.
“We had a huge success with the afternoon game we played on Family Day last season because it gave families a chance to come out and spend some quality time together,” Peever said.
“With it being a long weekend, most people who had gone away had returned home by that point from whatever trip they might have taken.”
Having 19 of their 27 games at the McIntyre Arena on a Friday, Saturday or Sunday shouldn't hurt from an attendance standpoint, either, while the Rock's more immediate rivals are more easily able to make trips to Timmins mid-week.
“With Hearst being in the league, they like to do French River, Powassan and Kirkland Lake on their way home, to maximize their travel time,” Peeve said.
“So, that is kind of why we have a lot of games mid-week against teams like Hearst, Cochrane and Kirkland Lake.”
With no changes in either of the NOJHL's East Division or West Division for 2018-19, the Rock will play one home game and one road game against four of the teams in the West Division (Soo Eagles, Soo Thunderbirds, Espanola Express and Rayside-Balfour Canadians), while they will play an extra home game against the Blind River Beavers and an extra road game against the Elliot Lake Wildcats during the NOJHL Showcase.
Against East Division opposition, the Rock will play five home and five road games with the Gold Miners, and four home games and four road games with the Voodoos, the Crunch, the Lumberjacks and the Rapids.
With the exception of one game against the Canadians on Jan. 17, the Rock will conclude most of their road schedule against West Division teams prior to the end of October.
“The one thing we switched up this year was instead of doing two West Division road swings of three games, this year we are doing a three-and-back against Rayside-Balfour since Chelmsford is only three hours away, which is the same distance as Hearst,” Peever said.
“So, we will do a two-game road trip to Elliot Lake and Espanola (Oct. 12 and Oct. 13) and we will do a three-game road trip to Blind River, Sault, Mich., and Sault Ste. Marie (Oct. 26, Oct. 27 and Oct. 28).
“Last year, we had the one road swing where the game in Sault Ste. Marie was postponed because of a bad accident and then we ended up having to play four games in four nights later in the season.
“The idea is to get most of the long trips out of the way while the weather is still good.”
The Rock, who open their 56-game schedule on home ice, will also play their final game of the regular season at the McIntyre Arena on Sunday, March 3, with the Voodoos providing the opposition.
Prior to the start of the regular season, the Rock are hoping to play a number of exhibition contests, but details have yet to be finalized.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. (WSVN) - One person is dead and another one was rushed to the hospital after a reported shooting in a Miami Gardens neighborhood, Tuesday.
According to Miami Gardens Police, they received a call of shots fired at a home located near Northwest 157th Street and 17th Place, sometime before 4:30 a.m.
Upon their arrival, police set up a perimeter and could be seen walking around in tactical gear with their guns drawn.
7Skyforce flew over the scene, where a body could be seen covered by a yellow tarp. Investigators said the victim was found deceased inside the home in question.
A second victim was transported to a nearby hospital via air rescue in unknown condition.
The identities of the victims have not yet been released. Police have not said if they have a suspect in custody.
Multiple agencies are assisting in the investigation including Miami-Dade and City of Miami Police, as well as Miami-Dade Fire Rescue.
Police are asking people who live in the area to remain inside their homes, until further notice.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Prince William and Catherine the Duchess of Cambridge in Oslo in February 2018. Photo: Lise Åserud / NTB scanpix
Prince William and Catherine the Duchess of Cambridge have spent the last two days on an official visit to Norway.
The royal couple were welcomed to Oslo on Thursday by Norwegian heir Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit, who met them on the icy tarmac at Gardermoen Airport.
Photo: Cornelius Poppe / NTB scanpix
At Oslo's Royal Palace, they met King Harald and Queen Sonja. Official photographs were taken in the Palace's Fugleværelset (The Bird Room).
Photo: Vidar Ruud / NTB scanpix
They also met crowds who were waiting on the Slotsplassen square outside the palace.
Photo: Cornelius Poppe / NTB scanpix
The royals went for a stroll around the sculpture park at the palace.
Photo: Gorm Kallestad / NTB scanpix
The Duke and Duchess requested their visit include the public as much as possible, and met people from the mental health sector, leaders in business, academia and scientific research, civil society and the creative industries.
On Thursday afternoon they visited creative workspace MESH with Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Prince Mette-Marit, where they met the founders of charity No Isolation, a startup that helps combat loneliness and social isolation for children and young adults with long-term illness.
Photo: Terje Bendiksby / NTB scanpix
King Harald and Queen Sonja held a galla ball at the Royal Palace in honour of the official visit of the the British royals.
King Harald with the Duchess of Cambridge. Photo: Terje Bendiksby / NTB scanpix
William and Kate pictured with (L-R) Princess Märtha Louise, King Harald, Queen Sonja, Crown Prince Haakon, Crown Princess Mette-Marit and Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner. Photo: Lise Åserud / NTB scanpix
Prince William impressed guests at the Royal Palace by greeting them in Norwegian: "Your majesties, your royal highnesses, distinguished guests. Vi er veldig glade for å være i Norge, [we are very happy to be in Norway]," the Prince said.
Photo: Terje Bendiksby / NTB scanpix
On Friday, William and Kate visited Hartvig Nissen School, the location for the hugely successful Norwegian television series 'Skam', which highlighted challenges faced by young people including gender identity issues, bullying, relationships, sexual assault, and eating disorders.
At the school, William and Kate met actors and producers from the series, with whom they spoke about the effect Skam had on bringing issues out into the open and the role played by social media.
"It's going to be cool. It's always cool to meet fans," actor Carl Martin Eggesbø, who played Eskild in the popular series, joked as he spoke to NRK prior to meeting William and Kate.
The Duchess of Cambridge meets Skam actors Iman Meskini (L) and Ina Svenningdal. Photo: Terje Pedersen / NTB scanpix
They also took the time to meet onlookers outside the school.
Photo: Terje Pedersen / NTB scanpix
The royal couple are also scheduled to visit Oslo's landmark Holmenkollen ski jump on Friday before travelling back to London.
READ ALSO: William and Kate to visit set of 'Skam' on royal visit to Norway
'We can't do it alone' - Jacinda Ardern promises a partnership with Maori on problems they face
The PM says the Government can only make the gains it wants if it works in partnership with Maori.
As many UK university staff begin their fourth week of striking over the end of the defined benefit aspect of their pension schemes, it has become apparent that some universities will be affected by the strikes over exam periods.
Thus far, talks to resolve the dispute have been unsuccessful, triggering a fresh wave of industrial action.
The union's higher education committee has issued a further 14 days of strikes, which are likely to take place between April and June, the exam period for most UK universities.
UCU general secretary, Sally Hunt, stated in a press release: “I want to stress that I consider all this a necessary precaution against the failure of talks to deliver an acceptable settlement.
“The union would prefer dialogue and I have given my personal commitment to Acas (the conciliation service through which the negotiations are occurring) that UCU is serious about reaching an agreement. However, if talks fail, we are prepared to carry out the action in defence of our pensions.”
Whether or not the additional days of striking will go ahead, depends on the outcome of talks between Universities UK and UCU.
In other strike-related developments, the University of Edinburgh has been criticised for trying to “break the pensions strike with out-of-date recorded lectures”.
In an email sent out to law lecturers, the law school has asked staff to make available recordings of past lectures that students will miss as a consequence of industrial action.
Commenting on the issue, UCU Scotland official, Mary Senior, remarked: “It's bad enough that the new principal at Edinburgh has sat on his hands and not taken steps to resolve the dispute over cuts to his employees' pensions until now, but it's quite another thing for Edinburgh University to be proactively taking steps to break the strike in this underhand way.
“Students deserve the full attention of lecturers and not out of date recordings […] If the university doesn't stop using these recordings, they're letting down both their staff and students.”
Photo by Andrew Perry
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Skin Packaging Materials Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Skin Packaging Materials market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Sealed Air Corporation, DuPont (Surlyn), Clondalkin Group, Linpac Packaging, Display Pack, Bemis Company, Bemis Company, Westrock Company, Berry Plastics, ULMA Packaging, G. Mondini, Thermo Packaging, Nampak. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Skin Packaging Materials Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Skin Packaging Materials market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Skin Packaging Materials market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Skin Packaging Materials Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Skin Packaging Materials. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Skin Packaging Materials in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Plastic Films, Paper & Paperboard, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Pharmaceuticals, Industrial Goods, Consumer Goods, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Skin Packaging Materials Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-skin-packaging-materials-market/10362/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Skin Packaging Materials new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Skin Packaging Materials market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Skin Packaging Materials industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
MOSCOW Russian investigators said on Thursday that the man suspected of detonating a bomb on the St. Petersburg metro earlier this month had received money from an "international terrorist group" in Turkey, the RIA news agency reported.
Fourteen people were killed in the attack.
Russia's Investigative Committee said Akram Azimov, the brother of the suspected organiser of the attack, had transferred money from Turkey to the suspected bomber, Akbarzhon Jalilov, RIA reported.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs/Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
LONDON Liverpool great Kenny Dalglish is to have a stand named after him at Anfield in recognition of his contribution to the club as player and manager.
The Premier League club said the Centenary Stand would be renamed later this year, on a date to be determined, in the 66-year-old Scot's honour to mark Liverpool's 125th anniversary.
"It is testament to Liverpool's history and status that we are not lacking in truly great individuals, whose names could easily grace a stand at Anfield," said principal owner John W Henry in a statement on the club website (www.liverpoolfc.com).
"But in Kenny Dalglish we have a person who carries such immense significance to the fabric of this club, so it feels somewhat incumbent on us to recognise this in a manner that is befitting to the man."
Henry added that Dalglish, now a non-executive director, was unique having achieved "greatness" as a player and enjoying such success as a manager.
"However, Kenny's contribution to Liverpool goes beyond goals scored, points amassed and silverware placed in the cabinet," Henry said.
"His values are Liverpool's values – he represents what is best about this football club."
Dalglish joined Liverpool from Celtic in 1977 and made 515 appearances, scoring 172 goals. He also served two terms as manager.
"King Kenny" won eight league championships, three European Cups, two FA Cups, five League Cups and one UEFA Super Cup in his career at Anfield.
He also played a leading community role in the aftermath of the 1989 Hillsborough disaster, attending funerals and meeting the bereaved after 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death at the Sheffield stadium before an FA Cup semi-final against Nottingham Forest.
"The leadership and solace he gave to individuals, the club and city as it tried to come to terms with the trauma and tragedy of Hillsborough transcended sporting achievement," said Henry.
"His name is synonymous with our club, with our home and the city of Liverpool. Now it will be as visible as it is palpable."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ed Osmond)
(Corrects paragraph 9 to remove reference to adjusted loss of 5 cents)
May 3 Square Inc, the payments company co-founded by Twitter Inc Chief Executive Jack Dorsey, reported a smaller-than-expected quarterly loss on Wednesday, as customers processed more transactions through its network and costs fell.
The company's gross payment volume - the total dollar amount of all card payments processed by sellers - jumped 33 percent to $13.65 billion.
The San Francisco-based company's shares were up 5 percent at $19.14 in after-hours trading.
Square facilitates payments between businesses and customers by using a credit card reader that turns any cellphone into a payment terminal.
The company, which started as a pure payment processor, is also expanding into new areas, offering a host of services that include lending unit Square Capital, food ordering service Caviar and peer-to-peer payment service Square Cash.
Square also made its foray in the UK by launching its services in March. Outside the United States, it operates in Canada, Japan and Australia.
Square also raised its 2017 total revenue forecast to $2.12 billion-$2.16 billion from $2.09 billion-$2.15 billion.
The company said net loss narrowed to $15.1 million, or 4 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $96.8 million, or 29 cents per share, a year earlier. (bit.ly/2pIUjea)
Analysts, on an average, expected a loss of 8 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Operating expenses fell about 10 percent to $187.51 million.
Net revenue jumped 21.7 percent to $461.55 million, beating estimates of $450.7 million.
Shares of Square, which went public in November 2015, had risen 34 percent this year through Wednesday's close. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Martina D'Couto)
Sevilla have tied down Spanish international goalkeeper Sergio Rico by extending his contract to 2021, the club announced on Monday.
The 23-year-old has “assured he remains with the team he has been with all his life for at least the next four years,” Sevilla said in a statement.
Despite his tender age, Rico already has a wealth of experience with 129 first team appearances and having helped Sevilla to win two Europa Leagues titles in 2015 and 2016.
Rico has also become a regular in the Spanish squad as deputy to Manchester United's David de Gea.
Wilmington-based healthcare brand and message company employs proven healthcare communications strategies to change face of patient-provider relationship
Humanizing Your Medical Brand
Media Contact
David Frederiksen
910-233-3115
***@bonseyeonline.com David Frederiksen910-233-3115
End
-- Today's patients want to be heard, understood and feel genuinely cared for. But they're not, according to one study that finds more than 80% of consumers are unsatisfied with their healthcare experience. From time-spent-with-patient to medical billing issues, today's doctor's office or hospital visits seem fewer refuges of healing and more lairs of liability.Personify Health, recently launched under the Bon's Eye Marketing banner, envisions a "heads-up" culture of healthcare by working with regional and national practices to bridge the gap in patient-provider communications and improve the patient experience.So what's changed since the days of house calls, when the patient-provider relationship was as much about communication, trust and transparency as it was a prescription?With the advent of technologies like the internet, healthcare has transformed at the speed of light. Unfortunately, most patients have not, leaving many feeling increasingly alienated by a culture of "heads-down"healthcare. In short, healthcare no longer feels human.Using carefully scripted narratives and cinematic video techniques, Personify Health humanizes healthcare providers by featuring them beyond the white coat in various activities that personify their true nature. From these one-to-two minute videos, current and prospective patients learn about their providers, their compatibility with them, and their philosophy of care. Personify Health also uses a wide variety of other more traditional healthcare communications tools to bridge the patient-provider gap and optimize patient experience.
Hundreds of people have gathered in a small Co Armagh village to pay their final respects to a toddler who died in a tragic accident.
Mourners packed into the Church of St Peter and St Paul in Bessbrook for the funeral of three-year-old Christopher Ward, who was struck by a vehicle in Donson's Way in the village on Friday.
It is understood the child's father, a member of the travelling community, accidentally reversed over the youngster.
The young boy was taken to hospital for treatment but unfortunately died from his injuries.
Christopher's devastated family paid tribute to him on social media, describing him as their “baby angel”.
A funeral notice placed by the toddler's family said: “Safe in the arms of Jesus.
“He will be sadly missed by his heartbroken daddy, mummy, and his entire family friend and community.”
Christopher's cousin, Chloe Maughan, posted photographs of the little boy on Facebook alongside tributes including: “RIP Christopher fly high angel.”
SDLP MLA Justin McNulty said the terrible tragedy had left the local community in a state of profound shock.
He added: “Not only has a young boy died under tragic circumstances, his father's life has also been destroyed. My deepest sympathies go out to the family at this difficult time.”
Following Mass of the Angels at 1pm, Christopher was buried in Cloughogue cemetery.
Working Together
Contact
Guideposts, Kelly Mangold
The Salvation Army, April Foster
***@guideposts.org Guideposts, Kelly MangoldThe Salvation Army, April Foster
End
--845-263-9601tradeforhope.com/others203-749-0250ourprayer.orgFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, June 14, 2017-Guideposts OurPrayer Ministry and The Salvation Army Others Trade for Hope (Others) announce their partnership to foster a better tomorrow for millions of people through their collective efforts.The focus of this partnership is to share content to empower individuals worldwide to make a difference, one prayer, one product purchase at a time.Through practical fair trade services, social enterprise and the power of community prayer, these organizations will equip diverse cultures for service to one another while raising awareness of both ministries in their communities."It is a blessing to work with like-minded organizations, such as The Salvation Army Others Trade for Hope, who believe in the power of prayer," stated Ty'Ann Brown, OurPrayer Manager. "We are looking forward to both audiences joining together to emphasize the importance of healthy, hope-filled lives through prayer.""The partnership between Others Trade for Hope and OurPrayer will help people feel more deeply connected to the heart of the Father and His heart for the world," remarked April Foster, Director of Others Trade for Hope. "This is an opportunity to enrich the lives of many through sharing the impact of a fair trade purchase."About Salvation Army Others Trade for Hope:The Salvation Army Others Trade for Hope is the Salvation Army's Global Social Enterprise, which partners with over 1,600 artisans in Kenya, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Moldova linking local markets with global opportunities. The organization allows these communities to live healthy productive lives, filled with hope. The Salvation Army is an international organization working in over 128 countries around the world, whose message is Bible-based, and its ministry motivated by the love of God. For more information, please visit: Trade for Hope website (tradeforhope.com/others), Facebook and Instagram.About OurPrayer:For over 60 years, OurPrayer Ministry, a service of Guideposts, has prayed for millions of people worldwide. Each year, Guideposts OurPrayer is honored and humbled to pray for the prayer requests that are submitted through their prayer network. OurPrayer community is considered 'a sacred place in a digital space, where love and prayer abound.' They offer people a variety of ways to pray and be prayed for, through Guideposts OurPrayer website (ourprayer.org), Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and OurPrayer App (IOS and Android platforms.)About Guideposts:For more information on Guideposts, please visit www.guideposts.org on FacebookTwitter and Instagram
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Police are investigating after three suspicious packages were found near Whitefield Primary School in Marsh Farm on Friday.
Officers were called to reports of a suspicious package found by an underpass off Stockholm Way shortly after 6pm, a further two packages were found in the grounds of the primary school.
The area was cordoned off and Luton Borough Council assisted with temporarily evacuating a small number of residents as a precaution.
Explosive Ordnance Disposal ensured the devices were made safe through three controlled explosions. It is not believed the packages were viable and investigations are ongoing.
Acting Inspector Milo Brown said: “Protecting people is the number one priority for Bedfordshire Police and it was important to ensure everyone was kept safe throughout the incident.
“I would like to thank the residents of the local community for their support and understanding around this matter.”
Anyone with any information around this incident, or who witnessed anyone acting suspiciously in the area, should call police on 101 quoting incident 329 of 11 August, or alternatively call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ultimate eco-car' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Gas and electricity distributor National Grid Plc (NG.L) said it expected full-year earnings per share to be 5 pence more than previously estimated due to "higher favourable timing" in both its UK and U.S. businesses.
"The over-recoveries primarily relate to out-turn electricity and gas volumes being different to anticipated volumes (e.g. due to weather)," the company said, adding U.S. over-recoveries benefited from mandated state level collections.
Timing has no impact on long-term performance and the gains would be returned to shareholders in the future, National Grid added.
(Reporting by Sanjeeban Sarkar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Arrests
6/5 at 5 p.m. Robert Welch, 61, of Old Farm Road, was arrested by Officer William Collins on Main Street on a charge of gross sexual assault.
6/10 at 9:12 a.m. Eric Vogel, 50, of Middlesex Road, was arrested by Sgt. Robert Ramsay on Main Street on an outstanding warrant from another agency.
Summonses
6/10 at 5:58 p.m. Logan Weir, 27, of Old Augusta Road, was issued a summons by Officer Gabrielle Mathieu on Munroe Lane on a charge of having a dog running at large.
Noteworthy search
6/10 at 8:09 p.m. Sgt. Robert Ramsay responded to the report of a bomb threat found on a pencilled note in a bathroom at the Circle K on Hamilton Court. The store and surrounding businesses were evacuated, and a Maine State Police K9 unit called as a precaution. No bomb was found, and businesses reopened about two hours later. Police have no leads on who left the note.
Fire calls
6/6 at 6:53 a.m. Medical call on Old Augusta Road.
6/6 at 3:11 p.m. Accident on Main Street.
6/6 at 5:39 p.m. Accident on Lewiston Road.
6/6 at 7:29 p.m. Motor vehicle fire on Rhoades Lane.
6/11 at 1:43 p.m. Fuel spill on Main Street.
6/11 at 3:30 p.m. Bark mulch fire on Topsham Fair Mall Road.
6/11 at 4:25 p.m. Brush fire on Topsham Fair Mall Road.
6/11 at 10:33 p.m. Fire alarm on Cross Street.
EMS
Topsham emergency medical services responded to 20 calls from June 5-11.
April 28 Tachi-s Co Ltd
* Says it will wholly acquire a Shizuoka-based company, which will be set up by Fuji Kiko Co Ltd on Oct. 2
* Acquisition price is 6.1 billion yen
* Says Shizuoka-based new company will take over sheet business from Fuji Kiko, on Oct. 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/1MULaQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: The Mar-a-Lago estate owned by U.S. President Donald Trump is shown with a U.S. flag in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Joe Skipper
FILE PHOTO - A woman walks as she arrives at Mar-a-Lago estate where U.S. President-elect Donald Trump attends meetings, in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., December 20, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - The Mar-a-Lago estate is shown before U.S. President-elect Donald Trump departed with his family for New York, after spending the Thanksgiving holiday with family, in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., November 27, 2016. REUTERS/Joe Skipper/File Photo
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. Undercooled meat, potentially dangerous raw fish and broken coolers were among 13 violations found by restaurant inspectors at Mar-a-Lago, the exclusive Florida resort owned by President Donald Trump, during visits in late January, state officials said on Thursday.
Mar-a-Lago representatives did not respond to requests for comment on the problems discovered at the private club, which charges $200,000 (£159,963) in initiation fees and has been dubbed the Southern White House. The officials said the infractions were fixed the same day.
This weekend, Trump is due to make his seventh trip as the 45th president of the United States to the Palm Beach property that he purchased in 1985.
The Florida Division of Hotels and Restaurants said three of the violations were deemed "high priority," meaning they could lead to illness-causing bacteria being served in meals. It said they were corrected immediately and the property's three kitchens brought into compliance before its inspectors left.
The Mar-a-Lago visit was routine and not prompted by any complaint, said Stephen Lawson, spokesman for the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulation, which oversees the hotels and restaurants division.
The inspections took place on Jan. 26 and 27, just days before the state visit of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. The worst violations included the failure to use proper parasite destruction on fish intended to be served raw or undercooked.
The other high priority infractions were for two broken coolers that were being used for raw meats meant to be stored at 41 degrees that were potentially dangerously warm, including ham at 57 degrees, beef at 50 degrees and duck at 50 degrees, according to inspection reports.
Other violations included sinks with water too cold to sanitize hands and rusty shelves inside walk-in coolers.
There was nothing unusual about the violations and state officials see no need to increase the routine cycle of surprise inspections beyond the usual twice a year, said Kathleen Keenan, a spokeswoman for the Florida regulator.
In a December 2015 inspection, a Mar-a-Lago kitchen was cited for four high-priority violations, which were also corrected the same day, records show.
It was not the first time a Trump eatery has gotten negative publicity since his November 2016 election. The restaurant in the lobby of Trump Tower in New York City was reviewed by Vanity Fair in December under the headline "Trump Grill Could Be The Worst Restaurant in America."
(Additional reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
by Cascade Policy Institute
By Randal O'Toole
The housing affordability crisis is turning Portland, already one of the whitest cities in America, into one that is even whiter. Census data indicate that, between 2010 and 2014, the number of whites living in the city of Portland grew by 30,500, or 6.8 percent, but the number of blacks shrank by 4,500, or 11.5 percent.
Some of those blacks moved to Portland suburbs, but most moved out of the Portland area completely. While the number of whites in the Portland urban area grew by 94,000, the number of blacks shrank by 3,400.
Even before 2010, Portland's high housing prices were negatively affecting blacks and other low-income groups. Census data show that, between 2000 and 2010, the share of households headed by whites living in single-family detached homes declined by 3.3 percent, but the share of households headed by blacks living in such homes declined 16.1 percent.
Housing prices also affected homeownership. Between 2000 and 2010, the share of whites living in their own homes fell by 2.2 percent, but the share of blacks (which was already well below the white share) fell by 12.6 percent.
In short, Portland's housing affordability crisis forced some low-income people to leave the region and others into lower-quality housing. This process has led some to charge the region with “economic apartheid.” Yet, planners defend the region's housing prices, one saying, “This is capitalism; how do you fight it?”
In fact, Portland's high housing prices aren't a result of capitalism; they are due to government land use restrictions. Portland planners celebrate the fact that the region's urban growth boundary has forced the population to “grow up, not out,” as the region's population density has grown by 20 percent since the boundary was first drawn in 1979.
Such increased densities are a prescription for increased land and housing costs. In 1990, an acre of land suitable for home construction inside the growth boundary cost about $25,000. Today, a similar acre, if you can find it, would generally cost about $300,000.
Higher land prices are accompanied by increased regulation as Portland-area governments know that homebuyers have few alternatives if they don't want to endure long commutes. In 1999, the Portland City Council approved a comprehensive design ordinance despite warnings from the Home Builders Association of Metropolitan Portland that the new rules would make housing more expensive.
Portland and other Oregon cities also have stiff system development charges that can add $20,000 to $40,000 to the cost of a new home. By comparison, similar charges in Houston, one of the nation's most affordable housing markets, are less than $2,000 for homes of up to 3,000 square feet.
In 1990, the median value of owner-occupied homes in the Portland area was twice median family incomes, which was very affordable. Today, thanks to the growth boundary and regulation within the boundary, it is nearly five times median family incomes, which is very unaffordable.
These policies effectively discriminate against low-income blacks and other minorities; and under a 2015 Supreme Court ruling, they violate the Fair Housing Act just as much as if Portland put out a sign saying, “No blacks allowed.” The ruling said that land use policies that make housing more expensive can be legal under the Fair Housing Act only if they have a legitimate goal and there is no other way of accomplishing that goal without making housing less affordable.
For example, requiring sewer hookups makes housing more expensive but has a legitimate goal of protecting public health. The goals of the urban growth boundary and densification, however, are either not legitimate or could be achieved without creating a housing crisis.
Boundary advocates often claim the growth boundary is needed to preserve farms and open space. But all of the urban developments in Oregon only occupy 1.5 percent of the state; and if there were no boundaries, it still would be less than 2 percent. Urbanization is no threat to Oregon farms, forests, or open space.
Advocates also claim that densification will lead people to drive less, saving energy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. However, the effects of density on driving are tiny, especially when compared with the huge costs; and there are much better ways of saving energy and reducing emissions that don't make housing unaffordable.
To end discrimination against blacks and other low-income minorities, the Oregon legislature must repeal the state's land use laws that authorize growth boundaries and other regulations that make housing unaffordable.
Randal O'Toole is an adjunct scholar with Cascade Policy Institute, Oregon's free market public policy research organization. He is the author of Cascade's new report, Using Disparate Impact to Restore Housing Affordability and Property Rights.
March 31 Philip Morris International Inc
* Philip Morris International (PMI) files premarket tobacco product application for its Electronically Heated Tobacco Product (EHTP) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
* PMI'S PMTA seeks authorization to commercialize EHTP in United States
* Should FDA grant requested marketing order for Ehtp, Altria Group would be responsible for commercializing and marketing product in U.S. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The way we run our schools today was first proposed in 1988, by a supermarket director and business leader called Brian Picot. His views about schooling were a product of his times and reflected a wider nationwide deregulation of the economy.
The major idea was simple: competition is always a good thing because it drives up quality, encourages people to be responsive, and gets rid of slackers. Since this was deemed to be true in business, Picot postulated, it should also be true for the schooling system, which, at the time, was considered hide bound, lacking in innovative ideas, and non responsive.
Thanks to Mr Picot, and David Lange, the education minister at the time, New Zealand created what can only be described as a revolutionary schooling system which became known as Tomorrow's Schools.
It was, and remains the most devolved education system in the world, with every single school in the country being deemed an independent Crown entity with its own elected board.
Advertisement
In this new Tomorrow's Schools world, the Government was to set only the broad rules and schools were free to get on with competing and making decisions locally for the good of their communities.
Non-performing schools would be identified by an audit agency, and would gradually disappear as they closed down through lack of custom, just like any failing business.
Freed from Government control and bureaucracy, Picot believed, schools would flourish. He was only partially right.
Many schools have indeed flourished and enjoyed the freedom to the run their own affairs, and few would want to return to the mind numbing bureaucracies of the 80s.
However, pretty soon after the system was established it became clear that we cannot actually run a schooling system like a commercial business.
Some schools have large numbers of children who experience disadvantage whilst other schools have large numbers of children who are advantaged. While we know all students can make significant gains in learning and achievement, regardless of their circumstances, it is clear we are not starting on a level playing field by any means.
We cannot ignore disadvantage and hope that the market will sort it out. It can't, and it doesn't. What does happen however is that too many children emerge from the schooling system broken, and angry. If these significant numbers of children fail to contribute to the future of this country, and become alienated, we all lose.
By the early 90s the Ministry of Education understood that schools, particularly those in disadvantaged communities, and small, rural schools, needed support and could not simply be abandoned to market forces.
Since then we have seen decades of what can only be described as tinkering with the system, with numerous ad hoc changes and interventions from governments of various persuasions.
The purpose of this tinkering has been to try to plug gaps which the underlying competitive system, which still operates, has created.
We are left with a system so bedevilled by tensions and contradictions that it cannot work as effectively as we would like.
For example, school competition is encouraged but what happens to children in schools which are not "winners"? And how can these schools be supported, perhaps by other schools, when the system is driving them to compete with each other?
Boards of trustees are given huge responsibilities and powers, but what happens when schools cannot find enough people to sit on a board, or when board members don't have any governance experience?
How it is possible for school principals to be leaders of learning, CEOs, property managers, and board members all at the same time?
Most of us would expect that our children should have access to quality schooling regardless of where we live, but how can this be achieved when the system is designed to create winner and loser schools?
Parents want choice about which school they send their children to. But what happens if this means some schools grow, gain additional resources, and are labelled as successful, whilst children left in schools with falling rolls, often the most disadvantaged, then have to cope with fewer resources and are labelled as attending "failing schools".
Government education agencies are expected to solve all these problems but they actually have quite limited powers in relation to boards of trustees.
None of these issues are simple. They cannot be solved by ad hoc tinkering and well meaning interventions. After almost 30 years, it is time to have a good re-think about what we want for our children's education, and design a system that delivers it.
For the good of all our children, and our nation as a whole.
• Bali Haque is chair of the Independent Taskforce reviewing the Tomorrow's Schools system. Find out more about the review and have your say at conversation.education.govt.nz/tsr
There were few mistakes from the big guns in the second round of the Hevey NCL T20 Cup.
Andrew Reynoldson hit an unbeaten 97 in Rushton's 191-6 as the high-fliers beat Premier Division rivals Stony Stratford (140-6) by 51 runs, despite James Warsop hitting 51 for the hosts.
Premier Division leaders Oundle cruised to a nine-wicket success over Division One table-toppers Wellingborough Town.
Ryan Lovell hit 32 in Wellingborough's 95-9 but it turned out to be the Hanno Kotze show as he took 4-19 from his four overs before leading Oundle to victory with an unbeaten 57 as they got to 98-1 after just 61 balls of their innings.
The all-Premier Division clash between Peterborough and Rushden went the way of the former to the tune of eight wickets.
Williams Bates' unbeaten 38 was the highlight of Rushden's 88-9 but David Clarke (31no) led Peterborough to 93-2.
The closest game of the night was at Hall Field as Premier Division bottom markers Wollaston just edged out Division One side Burton Latimer by one run.
Harry Broome cracked an unbeaten 53 as Wollaston reached 138-5 from their 20 overs.
David Shelford struck 49 at the top of the Burton order but, needing 20 to win off the last over, they fell agonisingly short on 137-8 despite the efforts of George Halfhide (27no) and Will Baines (20no).
Outstanding displays from Richard Kaufman (66), Tom Webb (62no) and Amrit Basra (5-2) helped Old Northamptonians (195-2) to a routine success over Kislingbury (78).
Will Thomas hit the only century of the night as his unbeaten 104 sent Brixworth to 184-3 before they bowled St Crispin & Ryelands out for 130.
The Global LTE Market was valued at $158.49 billion in 2016, and is projected to reach $6,746.66 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 60.3% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024.
LTE is an advanced version of 3G network, which is being used to establish the base for 4G network. It offers data speeds ranging from 30Mbps to 100Mbps, restricting its use in multi-band phones only and in countries where it is supported. It is a path that helps in achieving 4G speeds but not the accurate 4G network. Among the world's cellphone users, more than 80% of the users use GSM network, exception being the US telecommunications market. LTE technology offers several features such as higher capacity, enhanced user experiences, and extraordinary data rates. The global LTE market is anticipated to grow at a tremendous pace, owing to the surge in user adoption in both urban and rural areas. The United States Telecom Association revealed that in rural areas the wireless broadband is expected to grow by 117% by 2026. In addition, media, broadband, and information technology add approximately $1 trillion annually to the U.S. economy. Such promising stats are expected to offer lucrative opportunities to the market players in the upcoming years.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@ https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/global-lte-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
Surge in the adoption rate of LTE by various operators in Asia-Pacific and the need for higher data transfer rates are the major determinants driving the market growth. The market growth is also driven by the increasing application of LTE in public safety measures. Until 2011, approximately 7.4 million LTE subscribers were recorded, of which nearly 1.3 million subscribers belonged to regions other than Asia-Pacific. The market growth is being hampered by the presence of limited and uneven spectrum and poor reliability of network performance. However, surging demand for LTE-enabled devices and strong growth in wireless infrastructure are expected to offer profitable opportunities during the forecast period.
GLOBAL LTE MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS, 2016 Vs.2024
Segment Analysis
Global LTE market is segmented by component, technology, application, and geography. On the basis of component it is further divided into Infrastructure, Terminal Equipment, LTE testing Equipment, and Network Services. Based on technology it is categorized as LTE FDD, LTE TDD, and LTE Advance. By application global LTE market is segmented as M2M and Connected Device, Public Safety LTE, VoLTE, Video on demand, Defense & Security, and Others (IP surveillance, browsing, Large enterprises). Geographically, global LTE market is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. In 2016, North America was the largest market for LTE and is expected to grow further at a CAGR of 50.5% during the forecast period. As per the data revealed by GSMA Ltd., more than 94% of the North American population is expected to use 4G technology by the end of 2020.
GLOBAL VoLTE MARKET, BY REGION, 2016-2024
Major players of the LTE market are Alcatel-Lucent, AT&T, Inc., Bharti Airtel Ltd., China Mobile Ltd., Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd, LM Ericsson, Nokia Solutions and Networks. B.V., NTT DOCOMO, Inc., Verizon Communication Inc., and Vodafone Group Plc. Technological upgradation is the key strategy adopted by market leaders to maintain their foothold within market. For example, in December 2014, Verizon started the process of migrating entirely to a 4G network.
GLOBAL LTE MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Components
• Infrastructure
• Terminal Equipment
• LTE Testing Equipment
• Network Services
By Technology
• LTE FDD
• LTE TDD
• LTE Advance
By Application
• M2M and Connected Device
• Public Safety LTE
• VoLTE
• Video on Demand
• Defense & Security
• Others (IP Surveillance, Browsing, Large Enterprises)
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Key Market Players
• Alcatel-Lucent
• AT&T, Inc.
• Bharti Airtel Ltd.
• China Mobile Ltd.
• Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd
• LM Ericsson
• Nokia Solutions and Networks. B.V.
• NTT DOCOMO, Inc.
• Verizon Communication Inc.
• Vodafone Group Plc
Request for Customized Report @https://www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/global-lte-market/request-customise-form
Contact
Address:Sr. No.8/2A/1, Vitthal Heights, Above Yashwant, Kharadi, Pune-411014
Tel: +91-20-65606016
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Web: https://www.esticastresearch.com
According to their accounts, Batali's inappropriate behavior spans over two decades. One unnamed chef recalled an incident about 10 years ago at a NYC wine auction afterparty. After someone accidentally spilled wine on her shirt, he reportedly rubbed her breasts while saying “Let me help you with that. He just went to town, and I was so shocked,” the chef says. “Jaw on the ground, I just stepped back from him in utter disgust and walked away.” Another woman, who is a former employee, alleges Batali repeatedly grabbed her from behind and held her tightly against his body over the span of two years.
Mario Batali is stepping away from his restaurant business after four women have accused him of sexual harassment. Eater published the story on Monday morning , where the women detail their incidents with the celebrity chef.
Along with stepping back from Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group, Batali has also been outed as co-host of ABC's The Chew. “We have asked Mario Batali to step away from The Chew while we review the allegations that have just recently come to our attention. ABC takes matters like this very seriously as we are committed to a safe work environment, a spokesperson shared in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter. While we are unaware of any type of inappropriate behavior involving him and anyone affiliated with the show, we will swiftly address any alleged violations of our standards of conduct.”
Batali also came forward with a statement:
“I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted," Batali said. "That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. I take full responsibility and am deeply sorry for any pain, humiliation or discomfort I have caused to my peers, employees, customers, friends and family.
I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses. We built these restaurants so that our guests could have fun and indulge, but I took that too far in my own behavior. I won't make that mistake again. I want any place I am associated with to feel comfortable and safe for the people who work or dine there.
I know my actions have disappointed many people. The successes I have enjoyed are owned by everyone on my team. The failures are mine alone. To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust. I will spend the next period of time trying to do that.”
Batali has been one of four co-hosts of ABC's daytime cooking and lifestyle show The Chew since 2011. He is the latest high profile figure to be involved sexual harassment or assault scandal, following Russell Simmons, Matt Lauer, Kevin Spacey, Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Louis C.K., Danny Masterson and countless others.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
TMZ reports that Justin Timberlake's Super Bowl 2018 performance might include a hologram of late, great superstar Prince. (Insert one million 🤔 emojis.)
Although the Prince hologram idea was first mentioned by Prince's sister Tyka Nelson. “A hologram could be done as long as it is of excellent quality," she said last April. "It would have to allow the fans to experience Prince in the way he allowed us to experience his music.”
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
However, on Twitter, many are reacting negatively to the news:
Since Prince died his estate has:
Turned his house into a museum
Put his music on Spotify
Planned to release music he chose to keep in the vault
Turned him into a hologram
Replaced the Geico lizard w/ a cartoon called Lil Prince
Overdubbed Borat's "My wife!" on every Prince song — Steven Hyden (@Steven_Hyden) February 3, 2018
Listen, Timberlake doing a posthumous duet with Michael Jackson is fully in keeping with MJ's career and ethos. Prince specifically said he did not want to ever be a hologram. And he was skeptical about JT's claims of “bringing sexy back” anyway. https://t.co/RhXRQcLgBr — Anil Dash (@anildash) February 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
That Prince hologram is such a violation in itself, but for his image to be associated with the mediocrity that is Justin Timberlake, like some side show for his halftime performance.
I am so disgusted — DarkSkintDostoyevsky (@daniecal) February 3, 2018
Perhaps instead of watching this whole, uh, spectacle, you can just rewatch Prince's original 2007 Super Bowl performance — Purple Rain in the rain. Iconic.
BELGRADE Germany supports Serbia on its path to the European Union membership but the Balkan country must work on reforms and sort out ties with its former province Kosovo, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Wednesday .
Speaking before a meeting with Serbian president-elect Aleksandar Vucic, Gabriel said: "You have a responsibility to continue reforms and to continue to develop better relations with Kosovo. That is an essential precondition for accession to the European Union."
Gabriel said he could not give a precise date when Serbia could enter EU.
Earlier on Wednesday, Gabriel who will visit Kosovo on Thursday and Albania on Monday on his Balkan tour, urged Balkan states to overcome their divisions to integrate into the European Union.
Six countries in the Western Balkan region, which is still recovering from a decade of wars and economic turmoil in the 1990s, aim to join the European Union - Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Bosnia, Kosovo and Albania.
Gabriel said Serbia, the biggest market, has "a good bit of work" to do to meet the requirements for EU membership, including improving transparency, governance and rule of law, and fighting corruption.
Those steps were also important for Serbia to be able to attract small- and medium-sized businesses, who needed stable conditions, he said.
He said it was good that daily protests by thousands of people after Vucic's election on April 2 had been allowed to proceed without government intervention.
"If you want to get into the EU, you must know that demonstrations and protests against democratically elected governments and president are possible, permitted and within the EU, quite common," Gabriel said.
Vucic, who won a presidential election on April 2 in a landslide, said: "As far as we are concerned we are on the European Union path and whether it will happen or not it does not only depend on us."
Gabriel said he remained concerned about developments elsewhere in the region, where "demons of the past" were arising once again.
Tensions have flared in recent months between Kosovo and Serbia, as well as between three ethnics groups in Bosnia, as nationalist sentiment grows across the region.
(Reporting by Andrea Shalal)
DOUBLEDRAGON Properties Corp. said Monday its consolidated net income in the first half of the year soared 161 percent from a year ago to P376.4 million on the back of robust growth in revenues and improved gross margins.
Consolidated revenues came in at P1.6 billion in the first six months, a 131 percent rise year-on-year, driven by a 4.1 percent growth in recurring revenues, the company told the stock exchange.
Recurring revenues, which grew from the previous year's P92.4 million to P473.3 million this year, includes rental revenues from the company's retail portfolio as well as hotel revenues from DoubleDragon's recent acquisition of Hotel of Asia Inc., their hospitality arm.
The property developer, which currently has 20 operational malls, plans to launch 12 more CityMalls before the end of the year. It also plans to launch DoubleDragon Plaza, a retail strip with four office towers, also within the year.
DoubleDragon recently revised up its net income target for 2020 from P4.8 billion to P5.5 billion. It also announced a planned follow-on equity offering that will “allow the entry of a good base of institutional investors to further strengthen the position of DD in the international investment community,” it said in the disclosure.
“We have always believed in the power of careful planning coupled with sheer focus and passionate execution which we put into action in building DoubleDragon. The DoubleDragon team will continue to develop and nurture its four pillars of growth, which comprise of retail leasing, office leasing, industrial leasing and the hospitality business. The Company is focused on areas of the real estate industry where it can achieve a lasting dominant position,” DoubleDragon Chairman Edgar Sia II said.
Crawley Town welcomed in the New Year with a vibrant 2-0 victory against Yeovil.
Red fans gave a warm welcome to dean Cox, who crowned a great debut with a key display.
James Collins scores Crawley Town's second goal against Yeovil SUS-170201-164718002
Yorwerth nodded Reds into the lead in the 29th minute when he rose to head Cox's perfectly taken corner into the net.
Crawley's second goal came from the penalty spot, scored by James Collins for his 13th goal of the season after Otis Khan brought down Enzio Boldewijn.
Reds handed a full debut to new signing from Leyton Orient, Cox, who lined-up in left midfield.
In the only change from Crawley's 2-0 defeat at Plymouth on New Year's Eve, he replaced Jordan Roberts who was on the bench.
James Collins scores Crawley Town's second goal against Yeovil SUS-170201-164729002
Former Reds defender Ryan Dickson played at left-back for the visitors.
Crawley got off to a good start with three chances created in the first 12 minutes.
Jimmy Smith won the ball and put James Collins through on goal, only for him to fire over bar.
Cox nearly found Enzio Boldeijn in front of goal and Boldewijn's cross in the area narrowly missed Collins.
Yorwerth gave Reds the lead when he headed home a well-taken corner-kick by new signing Cox.
Collins then made it 2-0 in the 39th minute from the penalty spot when he confidently put away high to Artur Ktysiak's left after Otis Khan fouled Boldewijn.
Yeovil made two chancges at half-time, bringing on Matt Butcher and striker Francoise Zoko for Khan and Storer and changing to 4-4-2.
Cralwey keeper Glenn Morris made a full-length diving save top deny Yeovil as Dickson's crossed toward Zoko - moments later he was in action again to stop a shot by Eaves.
Cox made way for Roberts in Reds' first substitution on the hour.
Billy Clifford had a shot from the edge of the area which flew straight to keeper Krysiak.
Reds made their second and third changes as Sanchez Watt and Bobson Bawling came on for Clifford and Boldewijn
Morris made another fine save tol lift Zoko's shot over the bar as Crawley sealed the three points.
REDS: Morris, Young, Payne, Connolly, Boldewijn (Bawling 88), J.Smith (Capt), Yorwerth, Clifford (Watt 79), Collins, McNerney, Cox (Roberts 60)
Unused subs: Subs: Mersin, Blackman, Djalo, Henderson
Yeovil Town: Krysiak, N.Smith, Mugabi, Lacey, Dawson, Lawless, Eaves, Khan (Butcher 46, Dickson (Capt), Storer, Whitfield (Campbell 73)
Unused subs: Dolan, Maddison, Ezewele, Sowunmi
Referee: Jon Busby
Attendance: 2,304 (342 away)
Man of the Match: Jordan Roberts
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.crawleyobserver.co.uk
2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/crawleyobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @Crawley_Obby
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Crawley Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
About Alex Zander
Alex Zander resides in Chicago, IL and is the founder and publisher of MK ULTRA Magazine, established 1995. He continues to run all operations online.
April 6 Arena Bilgisayar Sanayi Ve Ticaret :
* Said on Wednesday that it divests all stake in Adeo Bilisim to current shareholders and to its legal entity
* Sells 51 percent of the unit at total of 6.0 million lira ($1.62 million)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.7116 liras) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask Market: Overview
Solder masks are referred to as solder stop masks or solder resist masks. They are thin lacquer-like layer of polymers, which are usually applied to the copper traces of a printed circuit board (PCB) for protection against oxidation. This lacquer-like layer lads to the formation of solder bridges between closely spaced solder pads. Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask (LPISM or LPSM or LPI) is an electronic material of alkali type. LIPSM is a dual-cured system used in UV-curing and thermal curing.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/liquid-photoimageable-solder-mask-market.html
LPISM is used for the application of printed circuit boards (PCB) in almost all electronics products. A solder bridge is an unintended electrical connection between two conductors by means of a small blob of solder. Liquid imageable solder mask is not always used for hand soldered assemblies, but is essentially used for mass-produced boards that are soldered automatically using reflow or solder bath techniques. Solder mask comes in different media depending upon the demands of the application.
LPSM can be silkscreened or sprayed on the PCB, exposed to the connectivity mesh pattern, and developed to provide openings in the pattern for parts to be soldered to the copper pads. DFSM is vacuum laminated on the PCB and then exposed and developed.In electronic design automation, the solder mask is treated as a layer of the printed circuit board, and is described as a Gerber file akin to any other layer such as copper and silkscreen layers.
Liquid Photoimageable Solder Mask Market: Dynamics & Trends
In order to cope with the environmental requirements, there is a trend to dehalogenate phthalocyanine pigments and dry films instead of inks in liquid state. As an alternative to epoxy resin, the possibility of oxetane resin is being currently investigated. Other issue concerning the environmental requirements is the increased soldering temperature associated the with usage lead-free solder.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24026
An opening must be made in the solder mask wherever components are soldered. This is accomplished using photolithography. Solder mask is traditionally green, but is now available in many colors. The lowest-cost solder mask is epoxy liquid that is silkscreened through the pattern onto the PCB. Other types are liquid photoimageable solder mask inks and dry film photoimageable solder mask (DFSM). Currently, module circuit boards for substrate use of CPU and even flexible circuit boards to be incorporated in the liquid crystal driver are available. Flexible circuit boards are expected to be used extensively in the near future.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Dive Brief:
One hundred of the nation's top colleges and universities have joined a consortium pledging to enroll and graduate 50,000 low-income students by 2025, NPR reports. The American Talent Initiative, funded with support from Bloomberg Philanthropies, the Aspen Institute and Ithaka S+R, requires that member schools graduate 70% of their students in six years.
Several of the institutions are also seeking to increase the Pell Grant recipient enrollment or graduation rates, and they agree to share best practices and data to help other schools monitor progress in key improvement areas.
Data suggests that just 3% of the enrollment at the nation's top institutions is comprised of low-income students, something that University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel says the Initiative is committed to improving. " There's no data to suggest that if you happen to be born into a less well-to-do family you are somehow less intelligent. The challenge for us is to recruit them and make it financially viable for them."
Dive Insight:
While the Initiative promises greater access for low-income students to some of the nation's greatest training grounds, it also presents a certain threat to less-selective institutions like community and minority-serving schools. These schools aim to recruit the best and the brightest to promote their diversity, but this initiative and others like it at individual schools will bring the resources and brand appeal to make the decision much harder for students in areas typically not served by such institutions. Smaller institutions will have to consider new ways to market to high achieving students in secondary districts that are beyond usual recruiting areas, in order to keep pace with the recruitment effort larger institutions will implement to meet goals for landing low-income students.
For the elite institutions, the concern has to be retention and the ability to move low-income students from one socio-economic status to a higher level, something that mid-level institutions are the best at doing. But there is still a concern about institutional culture and whether these institutions are set up to make students from lower-income or racial minority backgrounds feel wanted and included on campus. UCLA Assistant Professor of higher education and organizational change Ozan Jaquette said in a recent interview that the high population of students from more affluent families, often with less exposure to people from diverse backgrounds, can make students whose paths to college were much different feel uncomfortable, even mistreating, alienating or ignoring these students who already may feel they don't belong in college.
BERLIN German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks said on Tuesday she would seek to convince the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump to remain part of the Paris Climate Agreement during her trip to the United States later this month.
Trump, elected in November, had vowed during his campaign to withdraw from the Paris accord within 100 days of becoming president, part of a broader plan to sweep away Obama administration environmental protections that Trump said were hobbling the economy.
Hendricks said the United States was an important partner so she wanted to engage in a direct dialogue about climate protection.
"I will especially campaign for the United States to remain part of the Paris climate agreement and to make its contribution to implementing it," Hendricks said in a statement.
She is due to meet with U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt and non-governmental organisations during her trip from 15 to 17 May. She is also due to meet California Governor Jerry Brown, with whom she will discuss the role of cooperation between states, towns and regions in pushing ahead with climate protection.
(Reporting by Markus Wacket; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Larry King)
Many iPhone and iPad users are annoyed at Apple's decision to change the way Control Center's Wi-Fi and Bluetooth controls work, as they no longer work. Fortunately, you can still switch connectivity off quite easily.
What is the problem?
Apple in iOS 11 decided that when you tap the Wi-Fi or Bluetooth buttons in Control Center, the system now will disconnect you from any devices or networks you are currently on but no longer truly switches Wi-Fi or Bluetooth off.
This means that even though you thought you switched them off, they remain active for things like AirDrop, AirPlay, Continuity, Hotspot, Location services and devices such as the Apple Watch and Pencil.
An Apple tech support note says this is so you can continue to use those “important features”.
The problem is, as the EFF puts it: “Apple's UI fails to even attempt to communicate these exceptions to its users.”
To be fair, there is a slight hint in the UI: When you tap Wi-Fi or Bluetooth buttons in Control Center those button icons will be greyed out.
However, if you use one of these methods to truly switch them off, you will see the Control Center button icons greyed out with a diagonal line through them.
I believe users are smart enough to decide when they want those “important features” to be available to them, and when they don't. Despite Apple's weird decision, there are three ways you can properly disable Wi-Fi and/or Bluetooth in iOS 11.
Simplest: Ask Siri
The easiest way to enable and disable these connections is to ask Siri: “Hey Siri, switch off Wi-Fi,” should do the trick.
You can also ask Siri to switch these Settings on again. When Siri switches these Settings off it does so within the Settings controls of your device, so the connections are genuinely off.
Simple: Use AirPlane Mode
AirPlane mode will truly disable Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and your mobile network connection with a single tap.
Swipe up to get to Control Center and tap AirPlane Mode to switch them off.
If you want (for example) to keep your mobile network and Wi-Fi active, but want Bluetooth to be truly left off, you'll tap AirPlane Mode and then tap the network and Wi-Fi icons in Control Center to enable those Settings again.
Less simple: do it in Settings
Another way to disable these Settings is to open Settings>Wi-Fi, or Settings>Bluetooth and toggle them from green to off. I find this a little tedious, and much prefer using Control Center, even in the slightly convoluted manner described above.
Users should have control
I think users should be in complete control of their connectivity settings.
I understand that this may impact how they use other Apple services and devices, but I do like to believe that people are smart enough to make such decisions for themselves.
It is good that you can still disable these settings as and when you choose, but it is annoying that Apple chose to chip away at our control of such matters – particularly in light of the shocking revelations that Uber has been enjoying privileged (and sinister-seeming) access to our iPhones. People have a right to know who has access to their stuff, and they should be empowered with tools to prevent such access whenever they like, not as an exception, but as a rule.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.
April 3 Bank Of Montreal:
* Bank of Montreal - intention to redeem all of its $250 million non-cumulative perpetual class B preferred shares, series 15
* Bank of Montreal - preferred shares series 15 are redeemable at co's option on or after May 25, 2017, at a redemption price of $25.00 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
SYDNEY, April 3 Australia's corporate watchdog on Monday said it was launching a new round of industry surveillance to ensure banks and brokers were not recommending overly expensive interest-only loans to customers.
The move by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission follows steps announced last week by the banking watchdog, the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, to tighten rules on interest-only loans.
"ASIC will shortly commence a surveillance to identify lenders and mortgage brokers who are recommending high numbers of more expensive interest-only loans," ASIC said.
The regulator also said that eight major lenders will provide remediation to consumers who suffer financial difficulty as a result of shortcomings in past lending practices. (Reporting by Wayne Cole; Editing by Richard Pullin)
DAMASCUS (Sputnik) — Syrian government forces and their allies have completed a military operation against Daesh in the eastern part of Syria's Homs province, liberating 1,800 square kilometers (694.9 square miles) of territory, a Sputnik correspondent reported Friday.
“During the operation of the Syrian army in the eastern part of Homs province, the last IS [Daesh] strongholds were eliminated. A total of 1,800 square kilometers was liberated. Dozens of settlements and villages were retaken,” the correspondent said.
The Syrian army continues its offensive on the city of Mayadin, the major Daesh stronghold in the neighboring province of Deir ez-Zor. The military has been engaged in fighting Daesh militants on the western outskirts of the city.
Syria has been engulfed in a civil war since 2011, with the government forces fighting numerous opposition groups as well as extremist organizations. The international community has organized two platforms for discussing the reconciliation between the government and the opposition, in Geneva and Astana.
© Sputnik/ Mikhail Alayeddin
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
We are on the cusp of a fourth industrial revolution. Kreston Reeves' Andrew Griggs explores what artificial intelligence might mean for professional services firms.
The world has already seen three previous industrial revolutions and will no doubt see others – so what is so special about this one? Whilst in previous industrial revolutions technological processes have been disruptive, they have not, as a whole, been net destroyers of jobs.
One of the key features of the fourth industrial revolution is that innovation is now based on combining technologies which not only change the countries we live in, but also the wider world. We know that Artificial Intelligence (AI) in its simplest form is machine capability imitating intelligent human behaviour. What we are now seeing is the development of AI, or machine learning, which focusses on the development of computer programs that can access data and learn for themselves. This allows software to become more accurate in predicting outcomes without specifically being programmed.
Take for example the financial services sector; machine learning is being used to identify important insights in data and to prevent fraud. These insights can identify investment opportunities or help investors know when to trade. Data mining can also identify clients with high-risk profiles, or use cyber-surveillance to pinpoint warning signs of fraud.
The implications for professional service firms are multiple.
AI technologies, such as IBM Watson, are changing the business model for professional service firms. It is already enabling firms to reduce timelines involved in routine tasks, which is increasingly important with clients' heightened delivery time expectations, reducing human interaction and increasing accuracy. It is possible to see how phrases such as “in 10 years' time 40% of staff in professional services firms will not be needed” can be made.
Impact on accountancy firms
Accounting, auditing, bookkeeping and tax preparation are among the functions most at risk of being automated. There is a lot of routine work performed in these services that can be largely taken over by artificial intelligence.
Take, for example, the audit. Technology is already helping auditors, who today will use drones to help stock check large warehouses and large outside assets, such as mines or forests. It will soon be possible, with the help of AI technology, to audit a company's entire financial transaction history for the year, rather than the sample approached used today. This will give business owners, investors, and other stakeholders greater levels of confidence in a company's reporting, whilst at the same time reducing the risk of fraudulent activity. It will also reduce audit costs.
It will also change the jobs mix in professional services firms, with fewer routine, entry-level functions and more roles focused on creative thinking and analysis.
Clients will continue to demand the all too human skills that they need to help their business grow, to get a deal across the line, to interpret financial data, or to discuss the complex tax implications of managing their wealth, assets or business. AI will free up time to concentrate on the higher value tasks with clients, which I am sure is the part of the role we most enjoy.
It will be important for professional service firms to review the skills and traits they require from people, not only for today but when creating the leaders of tomorrow.
The Big 4 accountancy firms are already working with technology organisations, and in some instances developing their own bespoke technology platforms, and a number of mid-market firms are too involved in joint ventures to set out the potential for this technology.
I would expect this technology to filter down and be adopted by mid-market firms over the next five years, resulting in greater collaboration between such firms who have a place in the market but currently feel financially constrained by the investment required.
Challenges and opportunities
There are two issues arising from this revolution. Firstly, only large organisations or countries with substantial wealth and investment will be able to cope with this change, and secondly, unemployment could rise significantly as jobs are replaced.
Taking the first of these two points; the United States (developed) and China (developing) have already amassed the wealth, talent, market share and data to drive AI forward. The challenge will be for other countries around the world to develop relationships with those countries supplying most of the AI software.
The second point is more interesting as it builds on a world of human behaviour where change, even if the ultimate outcome is uncertain, is the new norm.
People will need to be retrained or educated in tasks that AI tools are not so good at, such as creativity, planning and ‘cross-domain' thinking. Professional service firms will value highly those individuals with strong leadership, people and interpretation skills. However, if society is to avoid largescale unemployment it may need to intervene. We are already beginning to see that happen, with India in July this year banning driverless cars to protect jobs.
The new jobs of the future could be the ‘service jobs of love' or volunteer jobs involving spending time with people, for example, accompanying an older person to see a doctor, mentoring disadvantaged people. The funding of this is a separate debate which inevitably could lead to higher taxes to fund a social welfare need.
There is no doubt that AI and machine learning will not only change the way services are provided to clients, but also the mix of skills required within professional service firms… it is only a matter of time.
Despite the rapid pace of technological change, not all accountants are in agreement that automation will lead to job losses and inequality, with only 29% responding so in a CIMA survey last year.
Andrew Griggs is the Senior Partner at Kreston Reeves. He can be reached by email: Andrew.griggs@krestonreeves.com. Visit www.krestonreeves.com.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Sisal Fiber Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Sisal Fiber market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are SFI Tanzania, REA Vipingo Group, METL Group, Lanktrad, GuangXi Sisal Group, Hamilton Rios, Hamilton Rios, International Fiber Corporation. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Sisal Fiber Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sisal-fiber-market/10337/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Sisal Fiber market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Sisal Fiber market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Sisal Fiber Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Sisal Fiber. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Sisal Fiber in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Lower Grade Fiber, Medium Grade Fiber, Higher-Grade Fiber.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Paper Industry, Ropes & Twine Industry, Spin & Carpet Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Sisal Fiber Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sisal-fiber-market/10337/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Sisal Fiber new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Sisal Fiber market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Sisal Fiber industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The Dean of Enniskillen Cathedral says progress has been made in talks about erecting the memorial to those killed in the 1987 Poppy Day Bombing.
Twelve people died as a result of the IRA attack on the Remembrance Day ceremony. Their relatives expressed distress on the 30th anniversary of the bombing in November when the Catholic church cited planning problems and refused permission for their memorial to remain on the bomb site.
Church of Ireland dean, Rev Kenneth Hall, said he chaired a meeting between all stakeholders on Tuesday.
“Progress has been made after a very productive meeting and we are working together on a resolution to the matter,” he said. “No further comment at present.”
Stephen Gault, whose father Samuel was killed in the 1987 bombing, agreed with Rev Hall's comments.
“It was a very positive meeting,” he added.
Texas guard Andrew Jones (1) drives to the basket past Florida A&M guard Marcus Barham (22) during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game, Wednesday, Nov. 29, 2017, in Austin, Texas. Texas won 82-58. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)
Texas head coach Shaka Smart announced Monday star guard Andrew Jones will miss several games with a fractured wrist. The sophomore suffered the injury while taking a hard fall at the end of the team's win at VCU last Tuesday.
Texas G Andrew Jones has a fractured wrist, per Shaka. Will be out several weeks.
An Irving native, Jones leads Texas with 15.3 points per game. His injury came in a game where he scored 19 points and drilled four triples.
Texas has several options on its roster to replace Jones in the starting lineup. Junior Eric Davis Jr. is the most likely candidate to step in and take over shooting guard duties.
Still, it will be difficult for the Longhorns to replace Jones' scoring prowess and shooting ability. His 43 percent three-point efficiency is well above all of his teammates — Jacob Young is next at 37 percent.
Texas returns to action on Tuesday with a home matchup against Michigan at 8 p.m.
Because providing superior health care is at the heart of Cottage Health System's mission, teaming up with Easy Lift Transportation as an Adopt-a-Van sponsor was an easy decision. After all, Easy Lift vans are frequent daily visitors to Cottage's South Coast facilities, helping transport patients home or to other care facilities.
“We are proud to support Easy Lift and its community efforts,” said Ron Werft, president and CEO of Cottage Health System. “At the hospitals we see every day how valued this nonprofit organization is in helping our community access vital services such as medical appointments.”
Easy Lift Executive Director Ernesto Paredes was thrilled to learn of the sponsorship.
“I can't tell you how proud I am to welcome Cottage Health System as an Adopt-a-Van partner,” Paredes said. “Their incredible commitment to our community's health is a perfect match with Easy Lift's work because we are both integral components of the health-care system in our area.”
Cottage Health System started in 1888 when a group of Santa Barbara women recognized it was time for the growing community to have a hospital — a nonprofit facility dedicated to the well-being and good health of all residents, regardless of one's ability to pay.
Today, 122 years later, Cottage Health System is the single nonprofit provider of acute hospital care in the greater Santa Barbara region. Every day it touches thousands of lives in many different ways, resolute in its mission to put patients first.
Established more than 30 years ago with just one vehicle, Easy Lift has become a vital community presence whose mission is fulfilled the community's need for specialized transportation to allow individuals and organizations access to essential programs and services.
Easy Lift now has 30 vehicles in its fleet and is operated by a professional team that keeps up with the expanding needs of elderly, disabled and disadvantaged passengers. Last year, Easy Lift scheduled more than 74,490 rides for 1,873 passengers through its Dial-a-Ride program, which operates 15 to 18 hours per day, 363 days per year.
Easy Lift's Children's Accessible Transportation (CAT) program collaborates with twenty youth charities and provides over 8,000 rides to the community's children each year. Its Greatest Generation Accessible Transportation (GGAT) program collaborates with senior-serving agencies beyond their Dial-a-Ride service, and provided 1,664 seniors with access to life-enrichment programs and services.
For more information on the Adopt-a-Van program and additional sponsorship opportunities, please contact Melinda Johansson at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.845.8963.
— Melinda Johansson is the development director for Easy Lift Transportation.
The former chairman of the Planning Tribunal has been appointed as the new Ombudsman for the Defence Forces.
Mr Justice Alan Mahon will step down from his position on the Court of Appeal to take the role following his formal appointment by President Michael D Higgins on July 6th.
The Ombudsman for the Defence Forces provides an independent appeals process for members Army, Navy and Air Corp personnel who have made an internal complaint and are unhappy with the outcome or feel the complaint was not treated fairly.
Most complaints tend to deal with defence forces members not being selected for promotion, training courses or overseas service.
The Ombudsman can also accept certain complaints directly from former members of the Defence Forces.
Mr Justice Mahon's predecessor, Tony McCourt, worked part-time but the new role will be a full-time position due to an increase in complaints being referred to the office.
In 2016, Mr McCourt dealt with 111 complaints, up from 62 in 2010. Before his retirement he complained about delays in the complaint process and warned that waiting times will continue to mount unless the system is reformed
Mr Justice Mahon will be recommended for selection after applying for the post through the Public Appointments Service.
His term will last three years with the option to serve further terms. As a higher level civil servant, he will receive a salary of €96,267.
Minister of State for Defence Paul Kehoe welcomed the Government's decision to put the judge forward for the position.
“No doubt Mr Justice Mahon will bring to bear his wisdom and extensive legal experience in fulfilling the role over the three year term of his appointment.”
Mr Justice Mahon (64) began his career as a barrister in 1976 before becoming a senior counsel in 1988. He was appointed as a judge of the Circuit Court in 2002 before taking over from Mr Justice Feargus Flood as the Chairman the Tribunal of Inquiry into Certain Planning Matters and Payments in July 2003. It later became known as the Mahon Tribunal.
The tribunal, which was the longest and most expensive public enquiry in the history of the State, investigated corruption in the planning process involving several politicians and public figures.
In 2014, shortly after the conclusion of the tribunal, Mr Justice Mahon was appointed as a judge of the newly formed Court of Appeal.
April 28Saturday Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit could rise up to 30 percent, or to be 20.2 million yuan to 26.2 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 20.2 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are increased revenue of new shop “SATURDAY MODE” and contribution from subsidiaries
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0k59Ob
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
More and more people are surfing online when they are looking to buy products or services, rather than reading the newspaper. Things have evolved greatly and even for the UAE classified ads. They can be found online and there are many businesses and individuals that advertise what they are selling. Prospective buyers read free Dubai classifieds and when they find something interesting, get in touch with the seller directly.
Free Dubai classifieds bring many advantages in discussion, since it is one of the easiest ways of reaching new markets and opportunities. Individuals and businesses that sell products or services obtain more value and interact with potential buyers. Millions of people search online when they need something, including on listings, as they want used products maybe, services, such as plumbers, electricians, builders, some seek rent or want to buy a property, while others want to find a job. Listings have everything and all ads are nicely organized in categories, so you can look for specific items.
Businesses and shoppers find each other within seconds on online listings, which is a great advantage. Those who want to submit UAE classified ads have to go through an easy process. First, finding a website is essential. It should have a lot of traffic and great features, user-friendly and easy to access. In most cases, creating an account is necessary and this can be done in a matter of seconds. Afterwards, you need to design the text for the ad, include photos, if there are any and simply submit it. Information such as price has to be mentioned, maybe links to other websites, delivery methods, e-mail or phone number, so that users know how to reach you.
Even regular individuals are able to sell items through listings. Maybe they have clothing pieces, accessories, electronics, properties; they simply post announcements and wait for potential buyers to show up. When they do, they get in touch through the available channels, discuss the price, negotiate it and establish all details. It is a lot more convenient and easier to post ads online, usually there is no limit for text, you can include photos and links and you can always edit ads, in case modifications occur. Once someone has bought what is advertised, the ad is deleted from the account.
It is preferable to choose the right classified, a local company that targets buyers within the country. This way, when someone looks for certain products in Dubai, they will find them within reach. Not to mention that shipping is easier in the same country, delivery costs are lower and if the buyer and seller are from the same city, they can meet. Online classified advertisements offer amazing opportunities and they help sellers and buyers likewise, improving visibility and attracting new clients. For sure, you have something you want to sell, so why not post an ad.
Do you want to advertise your business with minimum resources? Do not hesitate about free Dubai classifieds ( https://freesoog.com ) . This website allows individuals and companies to submit UAE classified ads ( https://freesoog.com ) and attract potential buyers.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PARCHED: Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018.
PARCHED: Leslie Dam looking dry and blackened in June 2018. Jodie Locke
A ONCE lush green scene has been left parched and blackened by a drought that is devastating the Southern Downs in more ways than one.
Incredible photos of Leslie Dam taken over the past two years have captured the rapid transformation of one of Warwick's most beloved attractions.
Photographer Jodie Locke captured the "devastating" change, as water levels dwindled to the lowest point she says she has ever seen.
"To think seven years ago that wall was flooding over, but going out now it breaks your heart," Mrs Locke said.
She said vegetation around the dam was also suffering, as even the green on gum trees starts to decline.
"Obviously the root system is not getting water, they look like they're dying," she said.
"The ground supply of moisture is so dry, from my observation."
Sandy Creek below the Leslie Dam wall looking lush in February 2016. Jodie Locke
Water levels at Leslie Dam have been declining since floods in 2011 when the dam was at 103percent capacity.
The dam is used for irrigation and urban water supply for Allora, Warwick and Yangan and currently sits at 10.3percent capacity.
It is not the lowest water level ever seen at the dam, with a level of threepercent recorded in February 1995.
Warwick Fish Stocking Association secretary-treasurer Ed Kemp remembers seeing Leslie Dam when it was at its lowest point, when poor filtration meant water running into town left brown stains on washing. But Mr Kemp said in those days irrigation from the dam wasn't stopped, whereas now it is ceased when the dam is at 15percent capacity.
With these safeguards in place, Mr Kemp believes Warwick will not be faced with similarly low levels again.
"Everyone's got to be patient that the dam is not looking real flash but the dam will come up again, things will rejuvenate, it's just a matter of when," he said.
But Mr Kemp conceded that if the region was not blessed with rain, there could be "trouble" on the horizon.
"The thing about the water level is, council has done the right thing imposing restrictions but the restrictions will get even harsher," he said.
NO WATER: Sandy Creek below Leslie Dam wall is no more than a trickle in June 2018. Jodie Locke
Despite the low levels, Mr Kemp said the dam remained healthy with plenty of fish to catch.
"I've seen the dam go a heck of a lot lower and it didn't affect the fish and everything came back better than ever," he said.
"From a tourist point of view, it looks sad but it's like everything else - it will recover."
The current water supply at the dam is projected to last until April 2020 if there is no rain at all.
A kangaroo in dry surroundings at the dam. Jodie Locke
Mayor Tracy Dobie said rural landholders were concerned by the lack of rain but it was important not to panic.
A water efficiency plan and drought management plan are being developed to outline ongoing water options and assess drought-related issues.
"In Australia we need to take a more personal and proactive approach to our water supplies," Cr Dobie said.
"While the rural dams are getting drier, Leslie Dam is a very big dam and (that's) the idea of having a water efficiency plan in place and we're already asking residents to be careful in their usage."
Water rushes from the dam after floods in 2011. Donna Cecil
Every drop is precious in dry times
FREE water-saving devices are available for Southern Downs residents looking to do their bit for water conservation efforts.
Mayor Tracy Dobie said residents could obtain shower timers or swap their sprinkler and shower heads for water-saving alternatives through the council.
Medium level water restrictions were also enforced in May, which restrict outdoor water usage to specific days and times depending on the address of the residence.
A target consumption of a maximum of 200 litres a person each day has also been set.
The water tank rebate has also been extended.
The scheme provides residents who install a water tank with a full rebate of water access charges levied on the property for the full financial year.
For more information visit sdrc.qld.gov.au or phone 1300 697 372.
No one knows exactly what is going to happen this coming season with kickoffs with the new rules changes. However, according to Arizona Cardinals special teams coordinator Jeff Rodgers, it could benefit a few of the team's best special teams players could benefit — players like Budda Baker, Rudy Ford and Elijhaa Penny, all of whom covered kicks well last season.
“One of the things you try to do as a coach is figure out how to get their best guys blocked,” Rodgers said, via AZCentral Sports' Kent Somers. “A lot of times people would combat (with the strategy), if you have a great coverage player, don't even try to block him up front. Let him run to 600 pounds worth of wedge waiting on him. See how he is effective he is going against those guys.
“The coverage guys are protected for 15 yards, to the 50-yard line. They are no longer even considering somebody attack-blocking them. That doesn't exist anymore. The really elite coverage guys are going to figure out, ‘man, all I have to do is beat a block and get to the second level, and there is somebody waiting on me who looks a lot like me. It's not a 300-pound person I've got to hit.'”
Baker had 16 special teams tackles in 2017, earning him Pro Bowl and All-Pro honors as a special teamer. Penny had 11 and Ford had five in 10 games before landing on injured reserve.
Without wedge blocks to try and keep coverage players from getting to the returner, it is possible we will see even more special teams tackles by the Cardinals' best coverage players, and making plays deeper in opposing teams' territory.
Of course, without any games yet with the new rules, there is a lot yet to be seen. The preseason will be slightly more intriguing in that phase.
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Dua Lipa has new rules for getting over that ex, but life may not be that simple for all of us. Luckily, if you are still suffering from a broken heart, science has finally figured out the best way to get over your breakup!
I remember friends telling me "the best way to get over someone is to get underneath someone else." Well, that is not the way to repair a broken heart.
So what's the key to getting on with life faster? A new study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology says that general distraction seems to be the best option for that.
“Distraction is a form of avoidance, which has been shown to reduce the recovery from a breakup,” according to the study's co-author Sandra Langeslag.
So the strategy should be used sparingly to boost your mood in the short term. Distractions can be new hobbies, going back to school, or hitting the gym hard. Basically, you want to consume your time with something other than thinking of your ex.
Want to take a more angry route? Well, the next option to get over its by actually bashing your ex.
If you focus on the negative aspects of your past relationship, and the things that they did to bother you, you will move on faster.
You can read more about these techniques by clicking here.
New York area custom kitchen designer, Bilotta Kitchens, wins Westchester Magazine Awards
Contact
Kristin Ohnmacht
***@bilotta.com Kristin Ohnmacht
End
-- Bilotta Kitchens, a high-end custom kitchen and bath designer in New York City, Mamaroneck and Mount Kisco, was named to the list of Westchester Magazine's annual "Best Of Westchester"awards for 2017. Bilotta Kitchens was recognized for its high-quality, functional and beautiful kitchen and bath designs.In its annual "Best of Westchester"awards issue, Westchester Magazine selected more than 350 top local businesses in Westchester County, NY to highlight. For this issue, both readers and magazine editors voted on their favorite home service and design companies, restaurants, shopping places, entertainment venues, health and beauty companies, and much more. Bilotta Kitchens was named "Best Kitchen and Bath Design" company for 2017 by both the magazine's editors and its readers."The kitchen is such an important part of the home," Regina Bilotta, co-owner of Bilotta Kitchens says. "You gather there with your family for coffee and breakfast before a busy day; you sit around the kitchen table and do homework with your kids; you regroup for dinner and unwinding; and you visit around the island with friends to catch up over a glass of wine. It's where life happens."The best kitchens and baths combine high functionality with beautiful, lasting design. A kitchen and bath design team relies on a variety of skills from design and planning to fabrication, project management and customer service. Bilotta Kitchens has become well known in the industry for its extensive product, trend-setting designs and unrivaled service.See the full list of winners or learn more about the 2017 Best Of Westchester Awards.About Bilotta KitchensBilotta Kitchens provides the very best and most customized products at the best price while offering highly personalized service. Bilotta is a family-owned business that has been built on a reputation of trust, value, and exceptional custom kitchens. Visit https://www.bilotta.com to learn more about us.
BRASILIA, April 10 Brazil's foreign minister and the head of the Organization of American States (OAS) called on Tuesday for elections to restore full democracy in Venezuela, following weekend protests after a political ban on a top opposition leader.
After meeting in the Brazilian capital, OAS head Luis Almagro said elections are the only solution to a political and institutional crisis roiling Venezuela. Brazil's Foreign Minsiter Aloysio Nunes said the international community must insist that Venezuela confirm its electoral calendar. (Reporting by Lisandra Paraguassu; Writing by Brad Haynes; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
* Enactus Industry:
* Business Location:
* Hawkins - Texas - US Subject:
* Awards
Contact
Chestley Talley
***@jarvis.edu Chestley Talley
End
-- Jarvis Christian College Awarded First Place by Robert Woods FoundationThe Jarvis Christian College Enactus Team surpassed thirty-nine competing universities from around the country to be chosen the National Champion of the "Students for Health Project" competition sponsored by the Robert Woods Johnson Foundation. The grand prize was awarded during the National Enactus USA Expo in Kansas City, MO to an audience of over 3,000 corporate executives, educators and students. The "Students for Health Project" is designed to encourage the students of Enactus to implement initiatives that would improve the health and wellness of communities surrounding their respective universities. The Jarvis Christian College Enactus Team targeted the high obesity rate in East Texas by introducing achievable action steps that encouraged families to make healthier nutritional choices. Their innovative project included "Pop-Up Gardens in Burlap Sacks" combined with the USDA's "Nutrition kits. Jarvis Christian College partnered with the Tyler Head Start Program with ten sites taking part in the health initiative. Dawn Parnell, of Tyler Head Start stated, "We were honored to be invited to participate in this program. Teaching the parents and children about nutrition and healthy lifestyles can put children on a trajectory of intellectual development and academic success."The award from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation will enable Jarvis Christian College to further expand the initiative across East Texas. Quiana J. Lewis, of the Robert Woods Johnson Foundation stated, "The Foundation is committed to fostering a climate of nutritional health and wellness. Working with Enactus, we are able to engage the brightest minds on university campuses from around the country to help solve the issues facing society. We were extremely impressed by the project that Jarvis Christian College presented and are pleased to support their effort."This is the third consecutive year that Jarvis Christian College has placed in the National Enactus USA Expo and the first time they won a national title.# # # # # # #Jarvis Christian College (JCC) is a historically Black liberal arts, baccalaureate degree-granting institution affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).The College is a member of the United Negro College Fund and accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools.Enactus is a community of student, academic and business leaders committed to using the power of entrepreneurial action to transform lives and shape a better more sustainable world. Enactus has active teams on 1,710 colleges and university campuses in 36 nations.Media ContactChestley Talley | Director of Career Services | (903) 730-4890 Ext. 4040 | ctalley@jarvis.edu Tiffaney Haney l Program Managerl (417) 575-3528 l thaney@enactus.org
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Crawley road has been closed after a vehicle hit a lamppost this afternoon (April 24).
The collision has taken place on the A2220 Haslett Avenue, the Crawley squareabout, close to the Hawth Park Inn Harvester and the junction with Russell Way.
The lamppost is currently leaning into the road and it has been closed by emergency services.
By Nwafor Sunday
No fewer than three ex-principal officers were re-appointed today into key positions in Anambra.
After taking his oath of office yesterday, Chief Willie Obiano, the governor of Anambra state has appointed three principal officers and a Chief Press Secretary for his second term administration.
Amongst the appointees includes, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu who is still maintaining his position his as the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Sir Willie Nwokoye, he equally retains his position as the Principal Secretary to the Governor.
Others are Mr. Primus Odili, the new Chief of Staff to the Governor and Mr. James Eze, ex- Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media and now the new Chief Press Secretary.
Details later:
Jacinda Ardern and Government welcomed on to Karetu Marae
The sound of warriors welcoming the Prime Minister onto Kelvin Davis' marae sent a booming echo across the valley at Karetu.
IN the Philippines, where an estimated eight million Filipino migrant workers have either worked or are still working overseas, human trafficking looms as an ever-present threat, especially in some Middle Eastern countries whose laws and cultures do not recognize certain forms of human trafficking as a crime. Because of this, not a few overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) who fall victim to trafficking are often punished as illegal immigrants instead of being helped.
Several studies have confirmed that one of the largest human trafficking problems in the Middle East is the trafficking of migrant workers. Many migrant workers, mainly from Asian countries like the Philippines, find themselves in a domestic servitude or forced labor situation, or working for very low wages. This tragic phenomenon is quite prevalent in the Gulf States.
One of the more common forms of trafficking that I encountered during my recent trip to the Middle East is the unrecorded transfer of Filipino women household services workers (HSWs) to different employers, and in extreme cases, to a different employer in another Gulf State. It is not unheard of for our HSWs to be trafficked across borders and left behind by their employers without any papers in a neighboring country, where they are oftentimes penalized or fined, or even imprisoned.
What exactly is human trafficking? Human trafficking is considered the modern-day equivalent of slavery. According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), the usual pattern of the crime is: 1) recruitment or abduction of people; 2) transited through regions or countries; 3) exploited in the destination countries. Simply put, trafficking is defined as the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harboring or receipt of a person by means of threat or other forms of coercion, abduction, fraud, deception, or exploitation. It is to be distinguished, however, from human smuggling.
Human smuggling, on the other hand, is the facilitation and transportation of a person/s in violation of one or more country laws in order to obtain financial gain for the smuggler. It does not necessarily mean that the persons transported are exploited; a concrete example is smuggling an individual to reunite him or her with his or her family. Human trafficking, on the other hand, specifically targets the person as the object of exploitation, and its purpose is to profit from taking undue advantage of such a person.
There are reports that traffickers have resorted to the internet, specifically social media, to lure innocent Filipinos into working abroad. Other traffickers would network with local syndicates in penetrating the rural and urban areas of the country. The United Nations, for instance, has tagged the Philippines as one of the major source countries where men, women and children are subjected to forced labor and sex-trafficking.
Because of the growing threat of human trafficking, the country has undertaken steps to prevent this illegal trade from flourishing. Taking its cue from the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Related Protocols, Congress enacted RA 9208, or the Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act of 2003, which was later amended by RA 10364, or the Expanded Anti-Trafficking in Persons Act of 2012.
To coordinate and monitor the implementation of anti-trafficking laws, the Inter-Agency Council against Trafficking (IACAT) was established in 2003. Since its creation, the IACAT has been at the forefront of the battle against trafficking in persons (TIP), with considerable success.
In 2016, the US Department of State accorded the country a Tier 1 ranking – the highest compliance level a government can achieve for its anti-trafficking measures. A Tier 1 ranking indicates that a government has acknowledged the existence of human trafficking, made efforts to address the problem, and complies with the minimum standards of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act.
The ranking is the result of the concerted efforts of several government agencies and partners, including the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration (OWWA), which has been a crucial actor in the rescue and repatriation of victims of human trafficking overseas.
At the mere suspicion of trafficking, OWWA's welfare officers, together with officers from the DFA's Assistance-to-Nationals (ATN) section, and the Department of Labor and Employment (DOLE)'s labor attachés, band together to effect the rescue of trafficked OFWs.
If the only remedy is to bring the matter to court, victims will be provided legal assistance by our overseas posts. The Philippine Overseas Labor Office (POLO) in certain countries abroad serve as resource centers where workers are housed in shelters while negotiations are going on with their employers and the local authorities. Once all the documentation for the repatriation (return) of the OFW is completed, the worker is flown back to the country.
Upon arrival at the airport, the OFW will be assisted by the Repatriation and Assistance Division (RAD) of OWWA and debriefed (or interviewed) by the members of IACAT. The migrant worker will then be brought to OWWA's Halfway House where they will be provided with temporary accommodation and meals for free. There, our male and female OFWs will be assessed and provided stress debriefing by social workers, if necessary.
OWWA will also pay for the transport of the workers to their respective homes in the city or provinces. But the benefits do not end there; with the expanded OWWA Reintegration Program, distressed workers can avail of the livelihood training programs and assistance right in their own regions through OWWA regional offices.
Following the marching orders of President Rodrigo R. Duterte to provide our migrant workers with the best possible programs, the budget of the reintegration program has been increased to accommodate more workers and more livelihood programs. This means more opportunities for OFWs victimized by trafficking to rebuild their lives.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of complaints have been received by council chiefs after wheelie bins across Solihull began to split apart.
In total, almost 10,000 of the brown recycling bins have been collected for replacement since March 2015, with it becoming apparent the bins are prone to crack as a result of a "manufacturing fault".
The number of enquiries has increased dramatically since December - with the local authority currently receiving around 100 calls a day from residents.
It's believed the "unprecedented" increase in requests may be the result of recent cold weather, which can make plastic polymers more brittle.
While the exact cause of the defect is unknown, the bins which are being rolled out as replacements are made from a different type of plastic, to ensure there isn't a repeat of the problem.
At this month's Full Council meeting, members were assured that the local authority was continuing to work as quickly as possible to resolve the problem, although the council recently advised that it was allowing longer times to complete delivery requests.
Cllr Ade Adeyemo (Lib Dem, Lyndon) noted that while the supplier had agreed to cover the costs of the replacements, the council had to do the "leg-work" dealing with the problem and that, in conjunction with waste contractor Amey, an extra delivery crew had been put on to help cope with the backlog.
In response, Cllr Alison Rolf, cabinet member for the environment and housing, said: "The company that have supplied them accept that there is a fault with these bins and are replacing them.
"As well ... we are getting extra bins to compensate for some of the costs that we are incurring because we are having to deliver the bins out to people and collect the old ones in."
Cllr James Burn, leader of Solihull's Green group, whose own wheelie bin developed a "ginormous crack", suggested the council should promote an email address or contact form to reduce the enquiries going through to the contact centre and limit the costs of logging calls. Cllr Rolf confirmed she would look into this.
Speaking this week, Cllr Chris Williams (Green, Chelmsley Wood) said that damaged bins were visible "on every street" and suggested some residents may have held off contacting the council because they were unaware of the fault and thought they may have caused the damage themselves.
"As you go round Chelmsley Wood you can see [bins] split all the way down the side and some people have used brown tape to try to put them back together," he said.
He said he was concerned that the issue could have an impact on recycling rates if the householders affected decided to start putting materials in with their general waste.
The report presented to Full Council said that recycling crews would start putting stickers on damaged bins, advising that a free replacement was available, once the number of enquiries had "stabilised".
The council hopes that the requests may now start to fall with the arrival of milder weather.
If your bin has split, a replacement can be ordered by calling Solihull's contact centre on 0121 704 8000.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Police are warning the public about a man who attempted to abduct a 7-year-old girl in Miami.
According to Miami Police, the victim was walking home from summer camp Tuesday when she was approached by a man near Northwest Fourth Avenue and 75th Street.
We need your locating a suspect who attempted to abduct a 7 yr-old girl on her way home from summer camp yesterday, 7/3 in the area of NW 4 Ave & 75 St at approx. 3:10 pm. @CrimeStopper305 pic.twitter.com/3NXAwlPNEf — Miami PD (@MiamiPD) July 4, 2018
Police said the man offered her candy to lure her into his vehicle. However, the girl was able to escape unharmed.
Now officers are working to identify the man and arrest him.
Police are searching for a white male who was last seen wearing a ski mask and gloves. He was last spotted driving a red sedan of an unknown make and model.
If you have any information about this incident, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) " Bahrain's Pearl roundabout, the focal point of the island kingdom's 2011 Arab Spring protests, has reopened to traffic after being guarded by security forces for years.
The reopening of the roundabout Tuesday night, now called Al-Farooq Junction by authorities, comes as Bahrain has been engaged in a yearlong crackdown on dissent.
In the 2011 protests, the island's Shiite majority and others demanded more political freedoms from the island's Sunni rulers. Bahrain security forces, backed by Saudi and Emirati troops, later put down the protests and the square was cordoned off for years.
Independent news gathering in Bahrain has grown more difficult, with the government refusing to accredit two Associated Press journalists and others .
Advertisement
Bahrain is home to the U.S. Navy's 5th Fleet and an under-construction British naval base.
A shop in Kettering has lost its licence after thousands of illegal cigarettes were seized from its warehouse.
FreshPol in Montagu Street had its licence revoked after facing a licensing committee meeting.
Northants County Council's trading standards team received tip-offs and complaints that the store was selling illegal tobacco and, after occasions where small numbers of illict products were found, visited the store on November 8 last year.
During the inspection a key was found in the till which opened shutters at the rear of the building, which led to a warehouse.
Inside, 3,191 packets of illegal cigarettes were seized – of which at least 2,500 were counterfeit.
Three weeks later, during another inspection, a customer asked for some Mayfair cigarettes.
When the shop assistant went to fetch some from the display the customer said: “Not those, I want the ones from out the back.”
Further test purchases by trading standards officers saw them buy illicit cigarettes and on February 6, officers and a sniffer dog visited.
More than 600 illegal packets of cigarettes were seized.
When officers were in the store a member of the public reported that there were people on the roof throwing boxes of cigarettes down.
When they went to investigate the car drove off at speed – with cigarettes piled high on the passenger seat.
A further search found more cigarettes on the roof and in a concealed room.
A council panel gave weight to the evidence presented by police and dismissed representations by FreshPol as ‘not relevant'.
The panel decided that revoking the store's licence was both necessary and proportionate to promote licensing objectives.
A Kettering Council spokesman said the decision may be appealed and if it is it will be on hold until the appeal concludes.
CONCORD, N.H. — New Hampshire Sen. Jeanne Shaheen and Maine Sen. Susan Collins have introduced a bill to expand access to national parks for disabled veterans.
The bill would make all veterans with a service-connected disability eligible for a free, lifetime pass allowing entry to the parks and other recreational lands and waters held by the United States.
Shaheen, a Democrat, and Collins, a Republican, said under a 2004 law, individuals must be permanently disabled in order to be eligible for a free pass, creating uncertainty on whether all wounded veterans have access to the program. The new bill clarifies the language.
TV and Bollywood actress Shamita Shetty does wonder how her career would be different if she had taken up more work, but lives without any regret. The actress says all her ups and downs helped her evolve, and she is "happy and content" at the moment."There are many times when I sit back and try to analyse the things that I could have done differently. Maybe I should have taken on more work, but then again I don't know if I would have been happy doing work that I was not convinced with," Shamita told IANS in an email.She added: "Unfortunately, giving up on work because I was not convinced (meant) I would not be seen onscreen too much (and) made people think that I left the industry, which was really not the case. On the whole, I don't think I have any regrets. Every decision that I have made and all the ups and downs made me the person that I am. I am happy and content. I go with the flow and I don't fight situations anymore. I have learnt to be happy with whatever I have."Shamita, sister of actress Shilpa Shetty, scored a dream debut with Yash Raj Films' "Mohabbatein", but post that her career went downhill.Some of her projects like "Wajahh: A Reason to Kill", "Bewafaa", "Zeher", "Fareb" and "Cash" went unnoticed, and in some she just made special appearances.The actress, who has appeared in reality TV shows like "Bigg Boss" and "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa" as well, admits that "every experience in life -- good, bad or ugly -- has taught me so much about myself as a person".She continued: "Many a time you are faced with a situation where you have to make a decision and challenge yourself. When you do that you really understand your true strength. There are several incidents where I challenged myself... going into the 'Bigg Boss' house was a challenge that went completely against my personality,"The actress, who turned 39 on Friday, says she likes to do "some charity work" on her birthday.On the work front, she was last seen in web series "Yo Ke Hua Bro".
4 July 2018 – Paulo Barroso is offering the one of a kind opportunity to become part of the amazing Four Percent Challenge and to embark on a journey of becoming the most successful marketer or entrepreneur on the market.
One way or the other, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of different marketers as well as entrepreneurs, who are doing their very best in order to succeed and make the most from their careers within the very least amount of time possible. Which is, of course, a whole lot easier said than done. Hence, you are going to need guidance that will allow you to make the most from yourself indeed.
With that said, this is where Paulo Barroso and the Four Percent system are going to prove to be invaluable to you in many more ways than one. The Challenge program is going to allow you to master everything that is best about yourself as well as your professional skills and expertise within the very least amount of time possible. And, surely, you are going to be wondering why is it that you will need namely the given program and not something else? Well, Paulo Barroso used to fail as a marketer and an entrepreneur, up until he figures out what works and learned from the best, striving to come up with the one of a kind solution, which helped him succeed within the very least amount of time possible. The Four Percent Challenge is a set of rules and guidelines that you will need to follow in order to make sure that you are going to reach the results you have always dreamed about and without having to invest a small fortune into the process too. Which is all that one could possibly wish for.
The challenge actually works and all you have to do is give it a go on your own in order to make an educated decision in line with the reached results. The system is pretty straightforward and does not require any particular skills or expertise, allowing even the beginners to delve right into it.
About Paulo Barroso:
Paulo Barroso is a successful entrepreneur and a great marketer, offering the most invaluable assistance in helping you become the best one out there. His methods are very lucrative and, if you are interested in learning more about it, feel free to check out the official homepage asap.
Contact:
Company Name: Paulo Barroso
Website: https://paulobarroso.com
Think of crowdfunding and you might immediately think of throwing a few euros towards a new smartwatch or a plant pot that does double duty as an air purifier. Interactive wireless earbuds may be more up your street, or perhaps anti-snoring aids would fit the bill.
Crowdfunding has certainly found its niche. With sites such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo leading the charge, crowdfunding gives companies an alternative way to raise funds to bring their products and services to market. Get it right, and it could put your firm on track to bigger and better things; get it wrong and it could be a high-profile wipeout.
But not all potential backers want to add to their growing mountain of electronic devices or useless products. The alternative? Equity crowdfunding. Instead of buying a phone accessory that may or may not ship at some point in the future, you can buy a tiny stake in a company instead.
There are plenty of platforms open to start-ups seeking funding who, for whatever reason, aren't going down the traditional funding route.
Crowdcube is one of the most well known in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The company, which was established in 2011, gives investors the chance to put money behind some start-ups in return for equity or an annual return. More than £300 million (€344 million) has been invested through the platform, with more than 390,000 investors and 520 raises. In 2016 Crowdcube put itself up as a potential investment for backers, raising £8 million (€9 million).
Important funding source
For some companies, equity crowdfunding has been an important source of funding.
Banking alternative Revolut turned to crowdfunding through Crowdcube in 2016. The company, which is targeting 100,000 customers in Ireland, offers current accounts accessible through its app. It has since gone on to raise money through more traditional means, and is in the process of expanding its services.
“Until our latest Series C round, each successive funding round was paired with a crowdfunding offer enabling smaller investors to participate in a promising young firm,” Revolut said. “The crowdfunding investors who participated in this first round – and subsequent offers – have seen the value of their investment rise, highlighting the importance of these platforms in giving people the chance to invest in the next big thing.”
HouseMyDog is another business that has used Crowdcube to gain backers, as has Northern Ireland-based See Sense, which makes smart bike lights.
Crowdcube isn't the only player though. There are plenty of platforms offering equity crowdfunding opportunities, from Irish-based Spark CrowdFunding to international firms such as peer-to-peer lender Lending Club and Seedrs. The latter has a secondary market where investors can sell their shares, attracting new investors to companies without having to do a full fundraising round.
But is equity crowdfunding too good to be true? Before potential investors part with their cash, it's worth noting that it carries as much risk as regular investing – perhaps in some cases even more so, given that many of the companies are early stage. Start-ups have a high failure rate, something that seems to get lost in the crowdfunding gold rush.
“Start-ups are like experiments,” said Mark Cummins, cofounder of retail technology firm Pointy. “ You try something, it might work, it might not. Sophisticated investors understand that. The big successes pay for all the ones that don't work out, and there's no shame in that.”
Crowdcube's website carries a stark warning to that effect: “Investing in start-ups and early stage businesses involves risks, including illiquidity, lack of dividends, loss of investment and dilution, and it should be done only as part of a diversified portfolio.”
Translation: don't put all your eggs in one basket. At worst, you may lose your money if things go a bit wrong, but you also run the risk of your stake getting diluted down to be worth less than you paid for it, and it may fail to make you any money in terms of dividends.
Risks
“Crowdcube is targeted exclusively at investors who are sufficiently sophisticated to understand these risks and make their own investment decisions. You will only be able to invest via Crowdcube once you are registered as sufficiently sophisticated.”
Translation: do your homework, because if it all goes wrong, it's not our fault.
The downside of investing through crowdfunding platforms could be seen in the recent Sugru debacle.
The news that Sugru maker FormFormForm was selling up to German adhesives firm Tesa may have come as a surprise to those who followed the firm's crowdfunding campaign on Crowdcube in recent years. In 2015, FormFormForm raised £3.4 million (€3.9 million) through Crowdcube, and came back last year for another round, raising £1.6 million (€1.8 million).
By the time the company came to its 2017 raise, Sugru had impressive growth projections and a £3.5 million (€4 million) venture debt facility with Clydesdale Bank to back it. The company was forecasting 50 per cent growth year on year up to 2019, with plans for a new formula aimed at younger makers and an expectation that it would hit profitability this year.
But sales figures failed to hit their targets, although the company was still recording growth of 20 per cent. By December, the bank had pulled the second part of the debt facility, leaving Sugru exposed and looking for a solution.
That solution ultimately came with the sale to Tesa, which backers took a 90 per cent hit on their investment. For a large number of Crowdcube backers, the loss would have been small – about half of investors contributed less than £100 – with some in the £1,000-£2,000 brackets, and others investing significantly larger amounts.
Backers of the firm have had a mixed reaction to the news of the sale. While some accepted that it was the risk of backing a start-up on a crowdfunding platform, others demanded answers from the firm, particularly the backers of its 2017 round.
Sugru's case isn't unique. Pebble was another firm that found out that being a star on crowdfunding sites didn't necessarily translate into a sustainable business. The company initially went to Kickstarter in April 2012, when it raised $10.3 million (€8.9 million) in the space of a month and earned itself the title of most-funded project in the site's history. Six years on, Pebble still holds the record for most-funded project, with both its Pebble Time and Pebble Time 2 eclipsing the original watch's total. The Pebble Time is currently the record holder at more than $20 million (€17.3 million); the ill-fated Pebble Time 2 raised more than $12 million (€10.4 million).
Debts
But that wasn't enough to keep the company going. In December 2016, Pebble said it was shutting down, refunding its Time 2 backers and selling some of its intellectual property to rival Fitbit. From a time when the offers for the company were rumoured to be about $740 million (€641 million), the company was eventually sold for an estimated $40 million (€34.6 million) – just enough to pay the firm's debts.
For some firms, the temptation of crowdfunding was one they resisted. Pointy considered going down the equity crowdfunding route before it began fundraising. Its last year announced a $600,000 (€520,000) funding round with investors such as Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, the founders of Google Maps, Draper Associates, Frontline Ventures, Matt Mullenweg founder of Wordpress, Bebo founder Michael Birch, Web Summit chief executive Paddy Cosgrave and recently retired Ireland rugby captain Jamie Heaslip.
“We did think about it but we decided in the end not to go with it,” said Cummins. “It can complicate things for future investments. But I think it's very good for certain kinds of businesses.”
He still sees a role for traditional investors in the market still, particularly at the larger end of the market. Some of these investors have looked at the crowdfunding model themselves through Crowdcube and other platforms. Last year, Crowdcube said the number of deals involving institutional investors had increased four-fold in the previous two years.
That may not be a bad move. One thing that crowdfunding may not give start-ups that traditional investment routes can is expertise.
Enterprise Ireland's Gearoid Mooney pointed out that while crowdfunding will get money on board, it won't bring the expertise and mentorship that a traditional fundraising round is expected to garner, bringing in board members who could help develop the business. He said the body likes to see some professional investors on board, but wouldn't necessarily dismiss a company out of hand if it had some equity crowdfunding on board.
However, Enterprise Ireland has a spread of investments, meaning that any risk of losing money in one area can be offset by another success elsewhere.
“Any investor has to be prepared to lose everything. It's a difficult place to be,” he said. Again, it comes back to the risky environment for start-up investors. Some businesses will thrive and do well. “But there will be losers as well,” he said.
Trump's new political director was a key figure in Bridgegate A former top aide to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie who got fired over his role in the “Bridgegate” scandal will be President-elect Donald Trump's White House political director. Trump's...
Judge: Ex-Christie aides can withhold Bridgegate papers TRENTON, NJ — A New Jersey judge has ruled that two key figures in a political payback scandal ensnaring Gov. Chris Christie's administration do not have to turn over documents...
It was right to probe Bridgegate romance: Giuliani WASHINGTON – Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani defended the internal Bridgegate report Sunday and its detour into the steamy romantic relationship between two Chris Christie aides. “The mention of it …...
Christie: Aides who ordered Bridgegate 'inexplicably stupid' New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said that the aides who ordered up the Bridgegate are “inexplicably stupid” – and said the scandal has ruined his appetite. “You don't sleep, you...
Christie Bridgegate aides had a romance Two Chris Christie aides embroiled in Bridgegate had a hot and heavy romance before the scandal exploded, it was revealed yesterday, as the New Jersey governor claimed that the entire...
Fired 'Bridgegate' aide gets another job TRENTON, NJ — A loyalist to Gov. Chris Christie who was kept in the loop as a political payback scandal unfolded in New Jersey now has a new job. Bill...
Christie campaign manager knew more about Bridgegate Newly released emails show Gov. Christie's campaign manager knew more about last year's Bridgegate lane closures than previously revealed — and was even shown messages from the Fort Lee mayor...
Bridgegate aides beg judge: Quash subpoenas TRENTON, NJ — Lawyers for two disgraced Chris Christie aides tied to the George Washington Bridge scandal spent four hours telling a judge Tuesday they shouldn't have to cough up...
Ex-Christie aides ask judge to withdraw subpoenas TRENTON, NJ — Lawyers for two key figures in a political payback scandal ensnaring Gov. Chris Christie's administration will go to court to try to persuade a judge not to...
* New market boss says Australia paving way for renewables
* Market chief calls for two-way use of rooftop solar
* Better demand management can limit need for new generation
* Industry warns electricity prices to stay high
MELBOURNE, March 28 Australia can manage the risks of its rapid shift toward renewable energy by managing demand and taking better control over rooftop solar output, the new head of the country's electricity market operator said on Tuesday.
Audrey Zibelman, who oversaw a rebuild of New York's ageing grid following widespread blackouts during Hurricane Sandy, said Australia was at the forefront of efforts to integrate renewable energy into an existing electricity network.
Managing peak demand and improving data to tap energy from rooftop solar and batteries, should limit the need for new generation and keep prices from rising, Zibelman, who started last week as chief executive of the Australian Energy Market Operator, told an industry forum.
Soaring electricity and gas prices have become a hot political issue in Australia amid a shift to wind and solar power and the closure of coal- and gas-fired power stations, which have led to power outages.
Declaring the nation is facing an "energy crisis", Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has criticised the rapid shift to renewable energy and taken steps to expand hydro storage, boost gas supplies and launched a probe into electricity prices.
Zibelman, formerly chairwoman of the New York Public Service Commission, said Australia could "show the rest of the world that this new technology is not threatening."
Her comments came as the market operator released its final report on a state-wide blackout that hit wind power-dependent South Australia last September.
Zibelman plans to focus her efforts first on ensuring the national grid is secure and reliable ahead of next summer, following a blazing summer when there were six power cuts across various parts of eastern Australia.
She then plans to look at how market rules should be changed to deal with rapidly evolving technology and the growth of renewable energy.
"If we compensate people who invest in batteries or distributed generation on their side of the meter and we really create a two-way system ... we don't necessarily have to invest in generation we're only going to use a few hours a year," she said.
Other industry executives at the forum, however, warned that electricity prices are unlikely to drop anytime soon, due to tight gas supplies.
"I don't see electricity prices coming down fast, soon," Steve Masters, chief executive of South Australian transmission operator ElectraNet, told the business forum.
The main factor driving up power prices was rocketing gas prices, because under the current bidding system in the electricity market, the most expensive source of power, which is gas-fired generation, sets the half-hourly prices.
(Reporting by Sonali Paul; Editing by Richard Pullin)
LAGOS Nigeria's state security agency said on Wednesday it had thwarted plans by Boko Haram militants linked to Islamic State to attack the British and United States embassies in the capital Abuja.
The Department of State Services (DSS) said a 20-year-old suspected Boko Haram member, arrested on March 22 in northeastern Yobe state, had confessed details of the plot.
Authorities arrested five more suspected Islamist militants in Benue state, in the country's middle belt, and Abuja between March 25 and 26, the security agency said.
"The group had perfected plans to attack the UK and American embassies and other western interests in Abuja," the DSS said in an emailed statement.
The agency described the suspects as "ISIS linked Boko Haram members" but gave no further details of how the militants planned to attack the embassies.
Boko Haram has killed more than 20,000 people and forced more than 2 million to flee their homes since 2009 in an insurgency aimed at creating an Islamic caliphate in the northeast of Africa's most populous nation.
The jihadist group split last year, with one faction led by Abubakar Shekau operating from the Sambisa Forest - a vast woodland area in the northeast - and the other, allied to Islamic State and led by Abu Musab al-Barnawi, based in the Lake Chad region.
A U.S. Embassy spokesman declined to comment on the arrests. He said the U.S. mission "appreciates the work of DSS and Nigerian security forces in fighting terrorism and keeping citizens and residents safe".
A spokeswoman for the British High Commission said: "We are in regular contact with the Nigerian security authorities concerning potential threats to UK interests in Nigeria."
Boko Haram has largely focused its attacks on the northeast and neighbouring Cameroon and Niger. Abuja has not been bombed since 2015. The most high profile attacks on the capital were in 2011 when militants bombed the U.N. headquarters, killing 23 people, and the police headquarters.
Separately, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) on Wednesday said the use of children as suicide bombers by Boko Haram had surged in 2017. It said 27 children had been used in suicide attacks since the start of the year.
(Reporting by Alexis Akwagyiram and Paul Carsten in Abuja; Writing by Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Chijioke Ohuocha and Richard Lough)
March 29 Talvivaara
* Status of talvivaara's corporate reorganization - banks requested cancellation of the bankruptcy application
* Talvivaara Mining Company Plc has today been informed that Finnvera Plc, Nordea Bank AB, Danske Bank Plc, OP Corporate Bank Plc and Svenska Handelsbanken AB have requested the cancellation of the bankruptcy matter initiated at the District Court of Espoo on 22 March 2017
* Cancellation request has no effect on banks' requests for cessation of reorganization proceedings or on their objection to confirmation of restructuring programme
* The proceedings regarding the confirmation request filed by the Administrator on 6 March 2017 continue at the District Court of Espoo
* The Company anticipates the District Court to announce its decision in the matter in the next few weeks Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Terje Solsvik)
BERLIN: Miko from Berlin may only be five, but he already has 1,000 euros ($1,063) per month to live on—not from hard graft, but as part of an experiment into universal basic income.
He is one of 85 people, including around 10 children, chosen by startup Mein Grundeinkommen (My Basic Income) to receive the payments for a year since 2014.
Founder Michael Bohmeyer has set out to prove to a sceptical public in Germany and further afield that the universal basic income (UBI) idea is workable.
“Thanks to my first startup, I got a regular income, my life became more creative and healthy. So I wanted to launch a social experiment,” 31-year-old Bohmeyer told AFP.
And he wasn't alone in wanting to test the idea, as some 55,000 donors have stumped up the cash for the payments in a “crowdfunding” model—with the final recipients picked out in a “wheel of fortune” event livestreamed online.
Mother Birgit Kaulfuss said little Miko “can't really understand, but for the whole family it was exhilarating” when he was chosen — offering a chance to live “in a more relaxed way” and take a first-ever family holiday.
“Everyone sleeps more soundly and no one become a layabout,” Bohmeyer said of his beneficiaries.
Recipients' experiences range from a welcome spell without financial worries to major turning points in their lives.
“Without day-to-day pressures, you can be more creative and try things out,” Valerie Rupp told public broadcaster ARD in a recent interview.
She was able both to take care of her baby and start a career as a decorator — even as her husband, newly arrived from Mali, was taking German lessons.
Winners have left jobs that were doing little more for them than put bread on the table to become teachers, taken time out to address chronic illness, broken alcohol addiction, taken care of loved ones, or paid for children's studies.
“It's at once a gift and a prompt” to make a change, explained Astrid Lobeyer, who used the money to give eulogies at funerals and studied the therapeutic Alexander technique, a method for relieving stress in the muscles.
Bohmeyer's experiment has fascinated social media and boosted discussion about a universal income in Germany.
At the same time, Finland is testing the idea with 2,000 homeless recipients and the idea is a flagship policy for French Socialist presidential candidate Benoit Hamon.
In 2009, the German parliament flatly rejected a petition from some 50,000 Germans demanding a universal income.
Nevertheless, some 40 percent of the public still think it's a good idea, according to a survey last June by pollsters Emnid.
Supporters have formed a campaign group called “Buendnis Grundeinkommen” (Basic income federation) with their sights on September's legislative elections, but so far no major party has taken up the cause.
There are pockets of support among left-wingers, the right, Catholic organizations and even industry leaders, whose reasoning ranges from fighting poverty to simplifying bureaucracy or smoothing the transition into the digital era.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Warehouses De Pauw Comm Va:
* FY NET PROFIT (IFRS) EUR 235.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 130.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY OPERATING PROFIT EUR 142.8 MILLION VERSUS EYR 130.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* OCCUPANCY RATE AT END DEC 97.4‍​ PERCENT VERSUS 97.0 PERCENT YEAR AGO
* EPRA NAV AT END-DEC EUR 58.3 VERSUS EUR 51.2 YEAR AGO
* FY PROPERTY RESULT EUR 154.5‍​ MILLION VERSUS EUR 139.7 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FOR 2018, EXPECTS AN EPRA EARNINGS PER SHARE OF 6.00 EUROS, UP 7% FROM 2017
* FY 2017 DIVIDEND CONFIRMED AT 4.50 EUROS PER SHARE, UP 6 PERCENT
* INTENDS TO PROPOSE GROSS DIVIDEND OF 4.80 EUROS OVER 2018, PAYABLE IN 2019
* WDP PROJECTS A MINIMUM AVERAGE OCCUPANCY RATE OF 97% FOR 2018‍​
* STILL AIMS FOR A GEARING RATIO OF BETWEEN 55 AND 60% OVER THE MEDIUM TERM
* TOTAL INVESTMENT VOLUME IDENTIFIED IN 2016-20 GROWTH PLAN IS NOW CLOSE TO 750 MILLION EUROS Source text: bit.ly/2FEKUsP Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says Nigeria legend Nwankwo Kanu's goal against Chelsea in 1999 ranks among his top five since joining the London club in 1996.
Wenger made this known while commenting on Olivier Giroud's stunning goal against Crystal Palace on Sunday which he also ranked in his top five Arsenal goals.
Trailing 2-0 to Chelsea and with 15 minutes left, former Super Eagles superstar Kanu scored two quick goals to make it 2-2.
And on the stroke of 90 minutes, close to the corner flag, Kanu whipped in a right-foot curler into to the roof of the net to complete a remarkable 3-2 comeback win for Arsenal.
The French manager also listed Dennis Bergkamp's goals against Leicester City and Newcastle (1997, 2002 respectively) and Thierry Henry's solo goal against Real Madrid in the 2006 UEFA Champions League, as part of the best five goals he has witnessed as Arsenal manager.
“I've been spoiled in my career, I had many great players and many great strikers. [Giroud's goal is] certainly in the top five," Wenger told standard.co.uk.
“I remember Bergkamp, Henry with special goals.
“Bergkamp at Leicester, Newcastle. Thierry Henry at Real Madrid, Liverpool. Kanu at Chelsea. It's difficult for me not to forget goals over 20 years.
“When you score 70, 80 a year by now that makes 1,600 goals. It's difficult to get the best five.”
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shanghai La Chapelle Fashion Co Ltd :
* SAYS IT PLANS TO BOOST MANAGEMENT UNIT'S CAPITAL BY 300 MILLION YUAN ($47.76 million) TO 800 MILLION YUAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DUO1k6 Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2820 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Speeding around Bundy? Prepare to get caught.
IF YOU are speeding almost anywhere in the wider Bundaberg region, you've got a pretty good chance of getting nabbed.
New data reveals exactly where mobile and parked speed cameras are located across central Queensland.
It also reveals there are at least 31 speed camera locations in the Bundaberg region.
Not all of the sites will be used daily, but each have the potential for police to set up a camera.
Some locations are listed as parked mobile speed camera spots while others are listed as active mobile speed camera sites.
There are presently more than 3500 active mobile speed camera sites within Queensland.
These mobile speed camera sites have been approved according to strict selection criteria.
The sites are available for portable devices, covert and/or marked mobile speed camera operations.
Traffic crash history is the primary criterion used to initially identify sites.
Other reasons for the establishment of a mobile speed camera site may include verified high risk speeding behaviour or roadwork sites where workers are at risk.
Sites are subject to approval by a Speed Management Committee which generally comprises of representatives of the Queensland Police Service, the Department of Transport and Main Roads, RACQ and Local Governments.
Sites may be parked from camera operations from time to time due to impacts upon those mobile speed camera sites including roadworks, revised speed limits or the road has been re-engineered, preventing the deployment of the mobile speed camera unit.
In some cases, there maybe a number of mobile speed camera sites along the same road within the same locality.
The list of approved sites will be updated to accommodate changes to mobile speed camera sites.
Active mobile speed camera sites
Bargara Rd (Bundaberg-Bargara Rd), Kalkie
Bourbong St, Bundaberg
Bruce Hwy, Gin Gin
Bruce Hwy, Wallaville
Bundaberg-Gin Gin Rd, Maroondan
Childers Rd (Isis Hwy), Cordalba/North Isis
Elliott Heads Rd, Bundaberg
Elliott Heads Rd, Innes Park
Enterprise St, Bundaberg
FE Walker St (Bundaberg-Port Rd), Ashfield, Bundaberg
Goodwood Rd, Bundaberg
Goodwood Rd, Elliott
Goodwood Rd, North Isis
Goodwood Rd, Redridge
Lowmead Rd (Bundaberg-Miriam Vale Rd), Rosedale
Moore Park Rd, Bundaberg
Mt Perry Rd (Bundaberg-Gin Gin Rd), Bundaberg North
Princess St, Bundaberg
Rosedale Rd (Bundaberg-Miriam Vale Rd), Avondale
Takalvan St, Bundaberg
Walker St, Bundaberg West
Parked mobile speed camera sites
Thousands of British gardeners are at risk of becoming unwitting criminals due to a lack of knowledge of basic gardening laws, experts have claimed.
Now experts from GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk have published the top seven little known gardening laws to help Britons understand what they should and shouldn't do in their gardens.
The list covers common issues such as overhanging branches, boundary disputes, blocked sunlight and wind fallen fruit, among others.
Gardeners could be forgiven for finding the laws confusing, as they can be counter-intuitive and complex.
For example, a person may cut back tree branches that overhang into their garden, as long as they do not go past the boundary line and there is no Tree Preservation Order in place.
But they cannot keep the trimmings nor any fruit or flowers on them – nor can they simply throw the branches back into the tree owner's garden without permission.
Disputes over boundaries may require a hard look at the house deeds, and even then, there may be issues if the boundaries have changed over time.
There can also be confusion over whether it is legal to allow a tree to block sunlight to a window.
A spokesman for GardenBuildingsDirect.co.uk said: “Most of us want to be good, law abiding neighbours, but that can be difficult if we don't actually know what the law is.
“There may be times when it would be within your legal rights to do something, but it could cause tensions with your neighbour.
“We'd always advise trying to come to a neighbourly solution first, as this is always preferable to having to call in the lawyers.
“If you brush up on the law as it stands, you may be able to avoid any sort of dispute altogether, which is always the ideal solution.”
Top Seven little-known gardening laws
1. Trimming overhanging branches
If a tree's branches overhang into your property from a neighbour's, you can trim them, but only up to the property line. You can't lean into the neighbour's garden to do this, though – this constitutes trespass.
If a tree is covered by a Tree Preservation Order, you can't cut the branches.
2. Fruit and flowers
Although you can cut branches that hang into your garden up to the property line, they still belong to the neighbour – as do any flowers or fruit on them. Your neighbour is technically legally entitled to demand them back.
But do not just throw them into the neighbour's garden, as this could constitute garden waste fly tipping.
3. Windfalls
Wind fallen fruit technically still belongs to the person who owns the tree. So, if your neighbour's windfalls end up on your lawn, you might have to ask for permission if you want to keep them.
4. Fallen leaves
Tree owners are not responsible for sweeping up fallen leaves that land on your property.
5. Trees blocking light
Under the Rights of Light Act, if a window has received natural light for 20 years or more, neighbours can't block it with a new tree.
6. Fences and boundaries
These can be tricky to resolve. The house deeds should indicate who owns fences and is responsible for boundaries (although there is no legal responsibility to keep boundaries well maintained, unless the deeds state otherwise). But boundaries can move over time and cause disputes later. You may need to contact HM Land Registry for help with boundary disputes.
7 Hedges
If a hedge grows along the boundary between two gardens, both neighbours are responsible for trimming. If a hedge belonging to a neighbour grows into your garden, you can trim it but, as with tree branches, you must, technically, return the trimmings to the owner.
Arcade Fire gave a secret acoustic performance of new song Creature Comfort at Whelan's in Dublin last night, shortly after coming off stage following their huge show at Malahide Castle.
The Canadian band took to the stage in the city centre venue at around 12.30am, about two hours after performing to around 35,000 people in Malahide.
Whelan's was about three-quarters full when the six-piece arrived on stage, joined for the one-song performance by touring members Tiwill Duprate, Stuart Bogie and Sarah Neufeld.
Frontman Win Butler then took to the DJ box to give an hour-long DJ set that included a host of Afrobeat, pop and disco tunes, including Don't You Want Me by The Human League, Don't Leave Me This Way by Thelma Houston, and tracks by Fela Kuti and Magic System.
Those at the venue had largely heard about the set through social media, while Butler had announced the afterparty via Twitter shortly after coming off stage in Malahide
Thank you Dublin. Dance party at whelan's @whelanslive — win butler (@DJWindows98) June 14, 2017
The audience members also included competition winners after the band, using their Everything Now Content Division Twitter account, had revealed earlier that day that they had placed boxes of promotional Creature Comfort Cereal at locations around Dublin city centre.
The boxes appeared in stores on Mary Street, Henry Street and Grafton Street, including other locations.
Fans who found the cereal got admittance to the Whelan's show, although the venue was open to all last night.
The boxes also included a CD single of Creature Comfort, which is taken from the band's forthcoming fifth album, Everything Now.
The band has been treating fans to a number of secret and intimate performances as they build towards the July 28th release of Everything Now.
They announced the album during a surprise set at Primavera Sound in Spain on June 2nd, two days before their headline set at the festival.
That hour-long gig featured several new songs with the band playing on a specially made 360-degree stage.
Last Thursday (June 8), they also played an impromptu jam session after their performance at Edinburgh's Corn Exchange.
The band marched into the venue foyer to surprise fans with more music and also handed out water to gig-goers.
Viktoria Plzen's Frantisek Rajtoral celebrates after scoring against Academica during their Europa League soccer match in Plzen int this file photo dated September 20, 2012. REUTERS/David W Cerny
ANKARA Frantisek Rajtoral, a Czech footballer playing for Turkish top tier club Gaziantepspor was found dead in his home in an apparent suicide, the club said on Sunday.
The club's president Ibrahim Kizil told reporters that the 31-year-old footballer had hanged himself in his house in the southeastern Turkish province of Gaziantep.
"Unfortunately, Rajtoral passed away upon a tragic suicide," Kizil said, adding that the club was not aware of any problems.
Rajtoral had played for Viktoria Plzen, Hannover and the Czech international soccer team.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; editing by Alexander Smith)
TEL AVIV: Organizers of an initial Israeli phase of the next Giro d'Italia cycling contest said on Sunday that they do not fear the event will be boycotted.
“We are happy to say that, for the moment, there is full participation by all the teams, and we anticipate no problems,” Daniel Benaim, a Giro official, told a news conference in Tel Aviv.
The first three stages of this year's competition will take place in Israel next month, marking the first time the event has started outside Europe.
“Thousands of the world's cyclists” were gathering for what is the “second most important” competition after the Tour de France, said Sylvan Adams, one of the event's organisers in Israel.
A total of 120 million shekels (34 million dollars, 27 million euros) has been invested in the Israeli stages of the race, the organisers say.
But a lobby group called “Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions” (BDS) is leading a global campaign against Israel, targeting the country's economy, art scene and sports.
It aims to end Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories, a status quo deemed illegal by the international community.
Israel fiercely contests the boycott initiative, denouncing it as a strategic threat and a challenge to the very legitimacy the country.
A total of 22 teams are set to compete in the 101st Giro d'Italia, which will take place between May 4 and May 27.
The race begins with an individual time trial in Jerusalem, before two further stages in Israel.
In a bid to avoid political tensions, the routes carefully avoid the Palestinian territories, namely east Jerusalem and the West Bank.
But the event has already courted controversy. Late last year, organisers used the words “West Jerusalem” during a presentation in Milan, when referring to the location of the first stage.
Under pressure from Israel, this designation was dropped, only to ignite protest by Palestinians.
The term “West Jerusalem” offended Israel because it implies the city is split between “West” and “East,” in a context where Israeli authorities view it as being legitimately reunified by their annexing east Jerusalem in 1967.
This annexation has never been recognised by the international community.
Palestinians view east Jerusalem as the capital of their own aspiring state.
Beyond the stage in Jerusalem, a second is set to take place between Haifa and Tel Aviv, before a third between Be'er Sheva and Eilat.
AFP
LONDON (AP) " Firefighters were battling a massive fire in a London apartment high-rise early Monday morning. One side of the building appeared to be in flames, and 45 fire engines and 200 firefighters were called to the scene.
The London Fire Brigade tweeted that the fire involved the second to the top floor of the 27-story building.
The building is the Grenfell Tower in the North Kensington area.
The Metropolitan Police said two people were being treated at the scene for smoke inhalation and cordons were in place.
Advertisement
George Clarke, the presenter of "Amazing Spaces," told Radio 5 Live he was covered in ash even though he was 100 meters (yards) from the scene.
He said he saw people waving flashlights from the top levels of the building and saw rescuers "doing an incredible job" trying to get people out.
While most focus on the aesthetics, it is another feature of the controversial 'Halo' system that might actually have a more significant impact on F1.
The fact the carbon-titanium cockpit protection system will be mandatory on all cars next year has sparked a furious debate.
But while some rail against the questionable aesthetics of the 'flip flop'-like addition over the traditional open cockpit, another major consideration is the 10-plus kilograms that 'Halo' weighs.
Indeed, the Swiss newspaper Blick reports that with the cars already weighing a hefty 728kg this year, the mandatory minimum weight will only increase by 5kg next year to accommodate Halo.
"Does that mean the drivers will have to lose the other 5 kilograms?" the report wondered.
Lewis Hamilton admits: "You cannot ignore Halo if it improves safety by 17 per cent. It just doesn't look good and the extra weight isn't good either."
Carlos Sainz added: "We should not have to be as slim as cyclists just because of the cars."
F1 legend Niki Lauda even thinks Halo "destroys the DNA" of formula one, but Valtteri Bottas does not quite agree with his Mercedes boss.
"I don't think Halo will hurt formula one," said the Finn.
"It is a safety improvement like so many others in the history of the sport, which is good for us drivers," he told Auto Bild.
"The only drawback is the extra weight, because the heavier the cars are, the less exciting they are."
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
By Ronald Blum
NEW YORK (AP) — The Boston Red Sox and Washington Nationals are the only teams on track to pay baseball's luxury tax this year, according to opening-day payroll totals compiled by Major League Baseball and obtained by The Associated Press.
Boston's payroll at the start of the season for purposes of the tax was $233.9 million, which would cause the Red Sox to pay a $9.4 million tax. Washington's payroll was $201 million, which would result in a tax of $1.2 million.
San Francisco was just below the $197 million tax threshold at $196.66 million. The Giants were followed by the Chicago Cubs at $183.9 million, Houston at $182.4 million, the Los Angeles Dodgers at $181.99 million and the New York Yankees at $178.8 million.
New York was over the threshold from 2003-17, paying $341 million. The Dodgers have had the highest tax bill for the past four seasons and have paid nearly $150 million over the last five years.
By not paying tax this year, the Yankees and Dodgers would reset their base tax rates in 2018 from 50 percent to 20 percent of the amount over next year's threshold of $206 million. That would put them in better position heading into a free-agent class that includes Bryce Harper, Manny Machado, Josh Donaldson and potentially Clayton Kershaw, who has the right to opt out of his deal with the Dodgers.
Boston's base tax rate was 30 percent in 2016 but reset to 20 percent because the Red Sox dropped under the threshold last year. Under the surtax rules in the collective bargaining agreement that began last year, the rate for the Red Sox rises to 32 percent on the amount above $217 million this year, and the rate would rise to 62.5 percent on any amount above $237 million.
Because Washington paid tax last year, the Nationals' base rate is 30 percent and would rise to 42 percent on any amount above $237 million.
Luxury tax payrolls are based on the average annual values of contracts of all players on 40-man rosters and include $14,044,600 in benefits. End-of-season totals also will include earned bonuses plus reflect roster changes made throughout the season.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Bosco Tech's Daniel Hosseini named Commended Student
Contact
Karen Krynen
***@boscotech.edu Karen Krynen
End
-- A senior at Don Bosco Technical Institute (Bosco Tech) has been named a Commended Student in the 2018 National Merit Scholarship Program. Daniel Hosseini, of the Tech's Architecture & Construction Engineering program, will be presented with a certificate of commendation from the National Merit Scholarship Corporation (NMSC), which conducts the program.About 34,000 Commended Students throughout the nation are being recognized for their exceptional academic promise. These students placed among the top 50,000 scorers of more than 1.6 million students who entered the 2018 competition by taking the 2016 Preliminary SAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test (PSAT/NMSQT®)"The young men and women being named Commended Students have demonstrated outstanding potential for academic success," commented an NMSC spokesperson. "These students represent a valuable national resource: recognizing their accomplishments, as well as the key role their schools play in their academic development, is vital to the advancement of educational excellence in our nation."Hosseini is a drum major and student wcj leader in Bosco Tech's music program and a member of Cal State Los Angeles' honor band. He plans to study civil engineering in college and recently completed a rigorous summer internship at JMD Engineering which provides full-service planning, engineering and management services to transportation and land development projects across Southern California.Bosco Tech is an all-male Catholic high school that combines a rigorous college-preparatory program with a technology-focused education. The innovative curriculum allows students to exceed university admission requirements while completing extensive integrated coursework in one of several applied science and engineering fields. The school boasts a four-year college acceptance rate of 100 percent and approximately 75 percent of Bosco Tech graduates have careers in STEM-related positions. Visit www.boscotech.edu or call (626) 940-2000 for more information.
The first MG car in India will be an SUV, followed by another product in 2020
SAIC-owned MG Motor plans to start selling its vehicles in India before mid-2019 and have a presence in major cities before that. The British brand will invest Rs 5,000 crore in India over the next six years and the first of its products here will be an SUV.
MG has announced that at least 80 per cent of this new SUV will be manufactured locally at its Halol facility, which was used to manufacture Chevrolet cars in India before. MG Motor remains mum about the segment to which this SUV will belong but the amount of localisation suggests that the carmaker is focused on pricing it competitively. This SUV will be based on one of the existing platforms from the company but don't expect it to be a model from MG's international lineup. Do not expect it to be a sub-4 metre compact SUV either as the company has already clarified that.
After the introduction of its first vehicle, MG Motor will follow it up with a new product every consecutive year. The company is also open to manufacturing “new energy vehicles” in India. While its initial products will be powered by petrol or diesel engines, expect hybrid or electric vehicles from MG once it is better established in India.
Check out: Top 5 SUVs At Auto Expo 2018: Tata H5X, Mahindra Rexton And More
March 31 Alaska Communications Systems Group Inc -
* Alaska Communications announces amendment of purchase price and satisfaction of the financing condition in connection with its tender offer for its outstanding 6.25% convertible notes due 2018
* Alaska Communications Systems - amendment to increase purchase price to $1,037.50 per $1,000.00 principal amount of notes validly tendered prior to April 14
* Alaska Communications Systems Group - amendment to confirm satisfaction of financing condition related to new credit facility on March 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Restaurant proprietors should be given the option to have smoking and non-smoking outdoor eating areas, according to a smokers advocacy group.
Forest's John Mallon told RTÉ's Today with Sean O'Rourke show that the market should decide if restaurant owners are willing to make this decision.
However, former Minister for Health James Reilly, who is calling on the Government to extend the ban on smoking where food is served to include outdoor areas, said he was horrified at the suggestion that the market decide health policy.
Mr Reilly said it was no longer acceptable for people to smoke where others were eating.
Fine Gael Senators have tabled a private members motion calling on the Minister for Health Simon Harris to change legislation or issue directions via a statutory instrument to address the gap in current legislation.
Mr Harris is to ask for approval at today's Cabinet meeting to accept the proposal.
Anyone spending their hard-earned money in a restaurant or café should be entitled to enjoy their meal in a smoke-free environment, added Mr Reilly.
However, Mr Mallon said that “smokers' money is as good as anybody else's in a restaurant”.
There should be separate indoor and outdoor rooms for smokers in restaurants, he added. “Allow owners make the decision.”
Mr Reilly said he was not saying there shouldn't be outdoor areas for smokers, just that the area should be separate from where food is being served. “This is a killer product.”
Ireland has set a target of being tobacco free by 2025. Currently smoking is prohibited in the workplace as well as restaurants, bars, education facilities and public transport.
The ban was recently extended to smoking in cars where young children are present.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tickets to see music legend Lionel Richie perform in Derbyshire went on sale at 10am today.
The much-loved crooner, who is behind hits including Hello, Dancing on the Ceiling and All Night Long, will perform at Chesterfield football club's stadium on Thursday, June 21.
Tickets for the All The Hits show go on sale today on a number of websites.
(Image: Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
The musician has confirmed a total of 12 shows, including two headline dates at London's Hampton Court Palace Festival.
Chesterfield FC chief executive Michael Dunford said: “We are absolutely thrilled and excited that a superstar like Lionel has incorporated the Proact Stadium within his tour dates.
“Lionel is assured of the warmest welcome possible from the Chesterfield public.
“This shows once again that to Proact is recognised as being one of the leading event venues in the country.”
Megastars Elton John and Tom Jones have previously rocked the Proact Stadium.
Tickets for the Richie gig can be bought from www.ticketmaster.co.uk , www.AXS.com, www.gigantic.com and www.alttickets.com
Seed fund, barring a few early stage startups, is usually put in by the founders. The typical cycle starts with you having an idea that you believe can change the world. So, you get a team in place that you believe can help bring the idea to fruition. If you are lucky, the founding team that you bring in possess a set of complimentary skills that helps your venture sustain the talent crunch in the initial days. If you are even more lucky, then in addition to their time, your founding team also brings along some seed capital.
Now, if you and your founding team are experienced professionals, chances are your seed fund will be relatively larger, considering the time you had to replenish your savings. However, if you are in college or just graduated from it, savings is usually a term that your parents have been advocating for some years but never put into practice. So in that case, how do you fund your dreams? You end up doing what a lot of young entrepreneurs do – you borrow money from friends and family. Now, while some startup ventures require less upfront investment and running costs than others, but even a steady cash flow is advisable for when things do not go according to plan (and they rarely go in the startup world).
The second important consideration in a young startup's life is reaching out to the right set of customers. This is especially cumbersome for businesses that target enterprises/other businesses, considering the high customer acquisition cost involved. Let's consider a scenario – as a startup, you managed to attract high performing founders, pooled together a reasonably adequate seed fund, and started work on a prototype product/service. Since you do not have the time or the resources to undertake market research, you have no way of knowing that the prototype will have the constituents that your customer desire. What further complicates the situation is that at the prototyping stage, it is always a risk to reach out to enterprise customer, as a wrong step and you end up losing that account for good. So, how do you get the required inputs in time so as to make the corrective measures?
The third important consideration, which goes hand in hand with seed fund and product feedback, is the quality of your network. Here, network refers to the people you know. It goes without saying that for an entrepreneur, better the quality of the people network, chances are that more doors for success open up. If, as an entrepreneur, you are a naturally outgoing person, chances are that you have the connections required for the success of your venture. However, if you are an introvert or your work load simply does not allow you the chance to enhance your network, does it mean your chances of improving your success rate should also go down?
Before we go any further, let's recap the 3 key considerations for an early stage startup –
(1) seed funding at the onset & ensuring adequate cash during the first year of the business
(2) relevant product/service feedback
(3) maintaining a good people network.
All these require time and energy of the founding team, which in itself is limited considering the multiple hats that each member plays in a startup. This is where startup competitions play a critical role.
Evolved from a forum that simply recognized & rewarded talent, startup competitions play multiple roles today.
First, they act as a platform where startups in an industry can not only interact with each other but also benchmark their ideas with the winners of the competition.
Consider the Berlin Startup Calling competition. In its 2nd edition, the competition brought together young entrepreneurs from across the globe to present their ideas on the technology industry, either as individuals or in a group. Then there is the Arena Singapore competition, where hardware/software startups from all of Asia compete over a course of a few months.
The second role that startup competitions play is to help early stage ventures gain valuable guidance from industry experts. This guidance can come by participating in the competition and getting inputs from the jury, which usually have industry thought leaders on the panel. For example, in case of Techcrunch's Startup Battlefield competition, the final verdict on the winner is given by top venture capitalists, Techcrunch editors and entrepreneurs. On the other hand, for the Berlin Startup Calling competition, the judges panel contains Visual Meta's (the company organizing the competition) founders, the Managing Director, and an angel investor.
The third role that startup competitions play is to help get visibility for the participating startups. Considering their tie-ups with media houses as well as several venture capitalists in attendance, startup competitions can help an early stage venture gain more traction over a span of few days than the venture would have been able to do on its own. Again, let's look at the case of Techcrunch Startup Battlefield competition. Most of their previous competition winners, such as Dropbox, Yammer, Mint, and Tripit, among others have gone on to become successful companies. This occurred in part because of visibility that these companies received after wining the competition, not only from the media house but also from potential investors.
The final and perhaps the most important role that the startup competitions play is helping early stage ventures access seed fund. Now, this seed fund can be either direct (by winning prizes at the competition) or indirect (by gaining access to potential investors). If your idea/venture has what it takes to win a startup competition, you can expect to win cash prizes in most cases, thereby strengthening your seed fund.
With all these roles played, startup competitions can be a one-stop destination for you as an early stage venture to replenish/create your seed fund, gain insights from industry leaders, and compete with other emerging startups.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Halsey is a survivor.
Related: G-Eazy & Halsey are Ride-or-Die on ‘Him & I'
That's the theme of the pop star's latest music video, “Sorry.”
The clip features a bloodied Halsey stumbling through a post-apocalyptic city street littered with bodies and crashed vehicles after what looks like a multi-car collision.
The clip was co-directed by Halsey and Sing J Lee.
“Sorry” is the latest track from Halsey's most recent full-length, Hopeless Fountain Kingdom.
Watch the video below:
Chimpanzees of all ages and all sexes can learn the simple circular relationship between the three different hand signals used in the well-known game rock-paper-scissors.
Even though it might take them longer, they are indeed able to learn the game as well as a young child, according to sciencedaily.com.
Jie Gao of Kyoto University in Japan and Peking University in China is lead author of a study in the journal Primates, which is the official journal of the Japan Monkey Centre, and is published by Springer.
The research compares the ability of chimpanzees and children to learn the rock-paper-scissors game.
Gao's research team wanted to find out whether chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes) can grasp extended patterns.
They used the rock-paper-scissors game, a popular children's game in which the hand signal for ‘paper' always beats ‘rock', while ‘rock' trumps ‘scissors', and ‘scissors' defeats ‘paper'.
The relationship between the signals are non-linear and must be understood within the context of how the pairs are grouped.
Learning such transverse patterns requires enhanced mental capacity and it is useful when forming complex relationship networks, solving problems, or updating what you already know about a subject.
Seven chimpanzees of different ages and sexes living in the Primate Research Institute at Kyoto University were part of the experiment.
They sat in a booth housing a computer-based touchscreen and were trained to choose the stronger of two options (based on the rules of the game) they saw on screen.
They first learnt the paper-rock sequence, then the rock-scissors one and finally the scissors-paper combination.
Once they knew how the pairs fitted together, all the different pairs were randomly presented to them on screen.
Five of the seven chimpanzees completed the training after an average of 307 sessions.
The findings show that chimpanzees can learn the circular pattern at the heart of the game.
However, it took them significantly longer to learn the third scissors-paper pair than it did to grasp the others, which indicates that they had difficulty finalizing the circular nature of the pattern.
The research team then also taught the game to 38 preschool children to compare the learning process of chimpanzees with that of humans aged three to six.
The children had little difficulty grasping the game, and on average did so within five sessions.
Their performance was, however, subject to age. The older the children were, the more accurate they became when all three pairs were randomly presented to them.
Participants older than 50 months (about four years) played the game with more skill rather than luck.
Gao said, "This suggested that children acquire the ability to learn a circular relationship and to solve a transverse patterning problem around the age of four years.
"The chimpanzees' performance during the mixed-pair sessions was similar to that of four-year-old children", added Gao, who hopes the findings will inspire future studies into how age and sex influence the ability of members of various species to learn circular relationships.
Baycrest Health Sciences chooses Caradigm Single Sign-On and Context Management
Baycrest Health Sciences (Baycrest), a firm into geriatric residential living, healthcare, research, and innovation, has selected GE Healthcare company Caradigm's Single Sign-On (SSO) and Context Management for identity and access management.
Baycrest is an academic health sciences center fully affiliated with the University of Toronto and offers a care experience for aging clients combined with an extensive clinical training program for students.
It will use Caradigm SSO and Context Management to streamline user access and clinical workflows, as well as to improve mobility and efficiency.
Caradigm SSO and Context Management has been built for healthcare to simplify clinician workflows.
It reduces clicks, simplifies authentication and guides clinicians to the appropriate patient record in seconds across multiple applications.
By removing the need to repeatedly type usernames and passwords, Caradigm SSO and Context Managementenables users to securely access clinical and business applications, which streamlines clinical workflows.
Baycrest Health Sciences executive director for information and technology Maria Muia said: “After in-depth evaluations of identity and access management solutions, it was clear that Caradigm offered the best single sign-on solution to meet the needs of our Centre. The power of Caradigm's SSO and Context Management solution together provides clinical efficiency and will help to improve care provider and patient experience.”
The firm will implement Caradigm SSO and Context Management to boost authentication process and to offer Baycrest with tools to cut down clinical workflow steps and make more time to deliver patient care.
Caradigm CEO Neal Singh said: “Baycrest is a leader in geriatric healthcare, research, and education one of the world's top research institutes in cognitive neuroscience.
“We're excited to work with Baycrest as it advances the health of its patients and provides excellent research and education to the industry.”
10 amazing miniature custom homes! Visit WorkLivePlayGive.org to learn more
Contact
Constructive Marketing
***@constructivemarketing.net Constructive Marketing
End
-- How does Raleigh-based Terramor Homes celebrate its 10 year anniversary?By giving back to the Triangle community that's opened its arms to them, of course!First, a bit of history: Since the creation of Terramor Homes in 2007, it has grown from a two-associate, one-community company to one of over 50 associates that has now built in 50+ communities throughout the Triangle for 1,000+ happy homeowners. Terramor has established an award-winning reputation for building unique and quality homes across the Triangle, taking pride in providing each and every homeowner with outstanding customer service and unmatched value from start to finish. With a portfolio spanning luxury townhomes to remarkably spacious and lavish estate homes, the Terramor team standard is to exceed expectations.With this remarkable growth, remarkable results have followed – Terramor consistently receives excellent homeowner feedback and low internal turnover rates throughout its communities in seven local towns and cities. This feat has required significant contribution from owners Pablo Reiter and Michelle Simms, as well as the entire Terramor Homes family who dedicate much time and thought into the company mission of providing exceptional homes throughout the area. The 10-year milestone inspired the Terramor Team to make an impact on the local community in a significant way."To celebrate our accomplishments, our team engaged in many conversations on how to repay the Triangle community that has served the company so selflessly over the last decade," says Simms. "Ultimately, we decided to dedicate the remainder of 2017 to the Parade of Play Homes and our team was ecstatic! We organized 10 teams to independently create 10 unique play homes with innovative building designs and all with personalities of their own. What started as simple play homes have resulted in amazing miniature custom homes!"The play home lineup includes a fire station, a kwik stop, a kid's café, a lighthouse, a storybook cottage, a trailblazer, a clubhouse, a cottage, a farm house, and a home for star gazing. These play homes are being displayed along with Terramor entries throughout the Triangle in the 2017 Parade of Homes event. Donations and raffle ticket purchase for these play homes will be available through December 17, 2017 via WorkLivePlayGive.org;play home winners will be announced on December 18, 2017. To ensure that the company mission of giving back is fully accomplished, wcj the Terramor team carefully selected two local charitable organizations they felt could benefit most from this initiative: Duke Children's Hospital and the YMCA of the Triangle. "These organizations are near and dear to our hearts," Simms states. "In our eyes, they have made immeasurable impacts in the communities that have served us from our roots through the present day. We hope that you will join us in our celebration and support our mission of giving back."How can you help? The obvious, of course, is to make a donation or purchase play home raffle tickets. It's incredibly easy via WorkLivePlayGive.org. You can also help spread the word about this phenomenal project by getting social! Like and share play home posts by Terramor Homes on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter. Help children and families throughout the Triangle by supporting Terramor's mission of giving back today!Learn more about Terramor Homes at TerramorHomes.com.
In 2015, the Florida Supreme Court directed the Florida Bar to solve a particular problem with for-profit lawyer referral services that purport to help consumers find law firms. A special Bar committee that spent more than a year investigating dozens of Florida referral services had reported in 2012 on all kinds of ethical pitfalls: improper solicitation of clients, undisclosed conflicts of interest, even unlicensed practice of law.
But many of the referral services were beyond the reach of the bar association because they were run by non-lawyers. After some give-and-take with the Bar, the state Supreme Court decided the most effective solution was to prohibit Florida lawyers from accepting referrals from any service not owned by a member of the Florida Bar. Its 2015 order instructed the Florida Bar to amend its rules to include that restriction.
Instead, as the Florida Supreme Court heard in oral arguments last week, the Florida Bar decided the real problem was not just lawyer referral services but the more recent proliferation of online legal directories and client matching services. Rather than adopt the rule change the Supreme Court directed, the Florida Bar proposed amending its regulations to impose registration and screening requirements on a broad array of legal marketing outfits, including, according to the Bar's description, “a for-profit lawyer referral service, a group or pooled advertising program with a common telephone number or URL, a lawyer directory, an internet ‘matching' site, or a tip or leads service, among others.”
The Bar's proposal was controversial even before it was approved by the Board of Governors in July 2016 and, based on arguments at the state Supreme Court, continues to raise a lot of questions about exactly which legal marketers are covered by the rules and what they have to do to comply.
Chief among the proposed rules' opponents is the online service Avvo, which described itself in a brief to the Florida Supreme Court as “the web's largest and most heavily-trafficked legal resource,” with more than 8 million visits a month. According to Avvo, both in its brief and in arguments to the Florida justices by chief legal officer Josh King, the Florida Bar rule changes will end up hurting consumers.
Nationwide outfits, Avvo said, aren't going to want to put in the effort to come up with the extensive due diligence the Florida Bar is asking for. Florida lawyers aren't going to want to use the services of non-compliant directories or advertising shops. The result, according to Avvo, will be a chill on information about legitimate legal services for Florida consumers. Even a broad-based marketing provider like Google Ads could be swept up in the Bar's new rules, Avvo said.
The proposed rules – which are the first state bar attempt to regulate Avvo – may violate the First Amendment, Avvo said, and will certainly put “an exponentially larger burden of monitoring and compliance” on the Bar. “We know that the Bar is motivated by a desire to look out for the best interests of Florida consumers,” Avvo said in its brief. “However, in its attempt to ‘level the playing field' by applying a uniform set of rules to lawyer referral services and all other mediums in which attorneys might market and sell their services, the Bar has created regulations that are over-extensive, under-targeted and out of step with the needs of consumers and clients.”
The Florida justices at last week's hearing seemed hazy on exactly what Avvo does and whether some of its services could be considered the sort of fee-sharing it wants to restrict. But the justices were also puzzled about why the Florida Bar has reached so broadly in response to the court's narrow instruction. (Carl Schwait of Upchurch Watson White & Max, who led arguments for the Bar, explained that the group didn't think the Supreme Court's order simply to restrict referral services owned by non-lawyers would actually do enough to protect consumers and might run into First Amendment problems.)
In an interview, Avvo legal chief King said he expects the Florida justices to refuse to adopt the Bar's proposed rules, which he said are fatally vague. It's not clear, for example, whether Avvo would be expected to provide a list of its advertisers to the Florida Bar or a list of every Florida lawyer in its directory, which includes all members of the Florida Bar. The proposed rule also seems to call for the Bar's advertising committee to clear ads. “Does that mean every iteration of our website?” King said. “There's a hornet's nest of problems.”
It's entirely possible, however, that the state Supreme Court will agree with the Florida Bar that online marketing's impact on consumers of legal services needs more attention, King said. He told me he wouldn't be surprised if the justices called for a commission to dig into the issue. “That's a dialogue we are happy to have,” he said.
I don't think there can possibly be too much transparency in legal marketing. I've heard way too many stories about consumers who had no idea what they were getting into when they responded to an ad on television or the Internet. On the other hand, there's plenty of evidence that prospective clients would never receive the legal help they need were it not for lawyers exercising their free speech right to market their services. I'm glad the Florida Supreme Court is trying so hard to find the right regulatory balance.
I left a message for Schwait, who represented the Florida Bar at last week's Supreme Court arguments, but didn't hear back.
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service. Picture: Nine News
The bus that caught fire on the way to Gallipoli Dawn Service. Picture: Nine News
A BUS carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames.
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus and they were told to get off, Nine Network reported.
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time.
There were no immediate reports of injury.
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir, about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire.
Australian tourists on their way to Gallipoli make lucky escape https://t.co/Z0xkzIGEXo pic.twitter.com/YNS1sWTjIV — 3AW Melbourne (@3AW693) April 24, 2018
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle.
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames.
According to Nine, the Australian company organising the Dawn Service, Definitive Events, took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided.
Around 1200 people are expected at this year's Anzac Day service at Anzac Cove. Picture: Frank Bessiere/News Corp Australia
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today's dawn service.
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives.
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people.
More to come.
To the surprise of many, the Los Angeles Rams are legitimate contenders to sign Ndamukong Suh this offseason. They're hosting him for a visit on Tuesday, showing there's mutual interest between the two sides.
Considering the Rams still have to pay Aaron Donald, sign a linebacker or two, and give out big contracts to the likes of Jared Goff and Todd Gurley in the future, it's hard to imagine him fitting under the cap. The Rams believe they can make it work, which should excite a lot of people.
Johnny Hekker is among those intrigued by the possibility of adding a third All-Pro this offseason, sharing the politest request to Suh on Twitter.
Hey @NdamukongSuh,
Please come and play for our team.
Love,
The Punter — Johnny Hekker (@JHekker) March 19, 2018
Aqib Talib, who wasn't shy about recruiting Suh to the Rams, took notice of the Rams hosting him this week. His reaction was a bit more discrete this time around.
The Rams' defense is terrifying as it is, but adding Suh to a front that features Donald and Michael Brockers – not to mention a secondary that includes Talib, Marcus Peters and Lamarcus Joyner – would give quarterbacks nightmares.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
The film-maker's latest movie is an adaptation of Ernest Cline's book Ready Player One.
Steven Spielberg has spoken about about how important it was to make his latest film about gaming accessible to girls as well as boys – because he favours his daughters over his sons.
The veteran filmmaker's latest blockbuster is an adaptation of Ernest Cline's book Ready Player One, in which a group of young people embark on a journey to win ownership of the virtual universe the Oasis, an internet-based simulation that allows people to live out their fantasies in virtual reality.
Arriving at the film's European premiere in London's Leicester Square, Spielberg discussed how important it was that the film felt inclusive in the wake of the sexism controversy in the gaming industry, known as Gamergate.
He told the Press Association: “It was very, very important this felt like a film for girls because in this movie we have five characters, two of whom are girls and both of whom are actually more heroic in many, many parts than the boys.
“I have four daughters and three sons and so the daughters outnumber the sons so I tend to favour the girls over the boys.”
The cast and crew of Ready Player One (from left to right) Ben Mendelsohn, Hannah John-Kamen, Win Morisaki, Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Steven Spielberg, Lena Waithe, Philip Zhao and Simon Pegg (Ian West/PA)
The film is packed with pop culture references, including Back To The Future, Superman, King Kong and The Breakfast Club, as well as those from Spielberg's own films from the past three decades.
He said: “I chose what not to include of my 80s movies, because if I included all my 80s movies my ego would be insufferable so I just cherry picked from the 80s the few films that I thought would help tell the story.
“The most important thing is the story we are telling. All the references to 80s culture, style, music, film, television, all of that helps tell the story, but it's not what the film is about.”
Filming takes place on the set of Steven Spielberg's new film Ready Player One in the Jewellery Quarter, Birmingham (Joe Giddens/PA)
He also extolled the virtues of filming in Birmingham, which serves as one of the movie's location.He said: “It was a good city, it looked like it could be a city from the past or a city from the future and also it was practically art directed for me.
“We had a really good time shooting in Birmingham and the people there were really wonderful.”
Simon Pegg, who starred in Spielberg's The Adventures Of Tintin, has reunited with the director to play the co-creator of the Oasis.
Simon Pegg (Ian West/PA)
He said: “I think he has an extraordinary intuitive ability as a film director, he's an amazing storyteller and he knows how to speak in the language of cinema.
“He speaks fluent cinema and he also knows how to speak to his actors.
“He knows how to communicate his ideas, he has a cinematic mind and it just comes very naturally to him, it's very instinctive, he doesn't try too hard.
“He lives and eats and sleeps and breathes film and that is why he's Stephen Spielberg.”
Olivia Cooke at the European premiere of Ready Player One (Ian West/PA)
Olivia Cooke, who stars as Art3mis, added: “He just brings out the inner child, especially with these films as big as these and as adventurous as these.
“He really does bring out the inner adventurer and he just wants to play and he wants you to play as well.”
Ready Player One is released in UK cinemas on March 28.
© Press Association 2018
SILVER SPRING, Md. (WSVN) — A Maryland caregiver will spend the next year behind bars after she was caught on camera abusing an elderly woman.
Fox 5 reports that Roxann Bucchan-Straker was hired as a private caretaker for the 95-year-old victim who lived in a nursing home.
According to WUSA, the woman's son suspected that his mother was being abused, and set up a hidden camera in her room.
Video captured in November 2015 showed Bucchan-Straker hitting the wheelchair-bound woman with a cell phone. Police say several videos also showed her slapping the victim as she ate her meals, telling her she wasn't eating fast enough.
Bucchan-Straker pled guilty to one count of abuse of a vulnerable adult, telling the judge she had been feeling under pressure at work and at home.
The judge told her she should be ashamed of herself before sentencing her to a five-year sentence with four years suspended. Upon learning she would be imprisoned, WUSA reports she screamed in court and collapsed.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Now the time is turned out in your side to make high profit in your business because the Gaur real estate developers now launched the new commercial project of Gaur Sadar Bazar.
Contact
9582279644
***@glorice.com 9582279644
End
-- Nowadays this world going towards the business some of the people get high level in their business and some person are not get standard level in their business due to the location and populations. Now the time is turned out in your side to make high profit in your business because the Gaur real estate developers now launched the new commercial project of Gaur Sadar Bazar.The Gaur real estate group is one of the leading a familiar one to providing the outstanding services of both residential and commercial projects at affordable cost of price. And it completed the hundreds of residential and commercial projects in Noida extension. The Gaur Sadar Bazar is also located in the city of greater Noida extension that can easily connected to the transport connectivity like national highways, metros etc.There are four lakh of people are living in the Noida extension that is one of the biggest advantages for your business growth. On the other hand the Gaur Sadar Bazar is the part of familiar commercial space of Gaur blue sapphire and it is located in the seventh floor of blue sapphire mall with all the facilities without any trouble.
Some militants may soon agree to withdraw from the Damascus suburb of Eastern Ghouta as Syrian government troops constantly shrink the militant-held areas of the flashpoint region.
Ali Haidar, the Syrian minister for national reconciliation affairs, said in an interview on Monday that militants in an enclave centered around the town of Harasta may be ready for such a deal.
"What remains of Ghouta is, I believe, open to discussion ... to accomplish reconciliations at a certain level."
"There may be an accomplishment in Harasta in the coming period. I don't commit to specific timeframes because the matter is linked to the militants accepting departure or settling their situation (with the authorities) and the army entering the area," Haidar noted.
Harasta is one of three rebel pockets in Eastern Ghouta, a besieged area on the outskirts of Damascus which is home to some 400,000 people.
Elsewhere in his remarks, Haidar pointed out that there were contacts with Ghouta militants and "to a certain extent there are acceptable results in part of the file."
The Damascus government is offering militants in Eastern Ghouta similar terms to those offered in other parts of the country that have been recaptured from militants, namely safe passage out for those who agree to surrender territory, or a reconciliation agreement for those who wish to stay under government rule.
Damascus has liberated numerous areas across the country on the back of similar agreements.
The development came after thousands of civilians left Eastern Ghouta as militants have been raining rockets on the capital from the suburb area, while using civilians there as human shields, preventing their exit through safe passages set up by Russia and blocking their access to humanitarian aid.
The evacuees were reportedly provided with basic commodities upon arrival at Syrian army posts before being transported to temporary accommodation centers.
During the past few weeks, Syria and Russia have cornered foreign-backed militants in the enclave as part of their campaign to liberate civilians holed up there and end militant attacks from the suburb on the capital.
During their advances in the area, Syrian forces have uncovered workshops used to make chemical weapons. The Syrian military has also intercepted several arms and ammunition cargoes heading to Eastern Ghouta.
Haidar said the Syrian army had captured 80 percent of Eastern Ghouta, which was controlled by militants since mid-2013.
The Syrian army has made the gains after splitting the area into sections to facilitate the battle against various militant groups there, particularly the so-called Jaish al-Islam outfit and the Jabhat Fateh al-Sham Takfiri terrorist group, formerly known as al-Nusra Front.
April 10 Walvax Biotechnology Co Ltd :
* Sees FY 2017 Q1 net loss to be 25 million yuan to 30 million yuan
* Says the net loss of FY 2016 Q1 was 42.1 million yuan
* Says that improvement in main business as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/BRuc6P
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
End
-- The report titled "Qatar Healthcare Market to 2021 - High Prevalence of Diabetes and Rising Healthcare Infrastructure to Foster Future Growth" provides a comprehensive analysis of the healthcare market in Qatar. The report focuses on the hospitals and clinics, medical devices used in the hospital setting, diagnostic laboratories, clinics and polyclinics, pharmaceutical drugs and injectable used for treatment and diagnostic purposes, and services provided by healthcare providers. The report covers aspects such as overall healthcare market by its key segments including medical devices, pharmaceuticals, hospitals, independent diagnostic laboratories, clinics/polyclinics, retail pharmacy and their sub-segments. The publication also includes the competitive landscape in each section, which discusses the major market players in every segment along with the detailed discussion about the organization. The future analysis of overall Qatar Healthcare has also been discussed along with recommendations from analyst view. The report also includes information about health insurance in Qatar, regulatory bodies governing healthcare policies in Qatar, regulations which impact healthcare market and procedure to import medical devices and pharmaceuticals in the country.Market PotentialQatar healthcare market is one of the fastest growing markets in the world with the growth rate of ~% during the period 2011-2016. People across Qatar are facing some health care issues due to sedentary lifestyle and fast food consumption habits, such as obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular diseases, which are demanding for technologically advanced healthcare infrastructure. Qatar has been exponentially expanding its national healthcare system to cater the needs of its people and support economic diversification. The country has been developing its infrastructure including hospitals, diagnostic labs, and clinics in addition to the development of local clinicians, physicians and specialized doctors. In addition to all these factors, fast rising and ageing population in the country further add to the advantages for Qatar healthcare market.Medical Devices MarketQatar is an import driven market in context to medical devices. The imports of medical devices accounted for a lion share of ~% from the total revenue market in 2016. The market is observed to grow at a rapid pace of ~% by value from 2011 to 2016 owing to the expanding healthcare infrastructure in the country; both the government and private healthcare sector are investing heavily to provide country satisfactory healthcare solutions to the residents and expats. Diagnostic imaging products were observed to capture the major share of the market (~% in 2016), however Scintigraphic apparatus and Magnetic resonance imaging apparatus recorded the highest growth in 2016. Qatar having one of the highest GDP per capita, the healthcare professionals and citizens across the nation prefer the branded medical devices from Roche, Abbott, Biomeriux, Becton Dickinson, providing all of them leading position in the market. The top three players together captured around ~% of the total revenue share in 2016.Pharmaceuticals MarketPharmaceuticals market is highly dependent upon imports of pharmaceutical products. Imports accounted for ~% of the total revenue in 2016 for pharmaceuticals market in Qatar. The rising prevalence of chronic diseases among the fast growing population of Qatar was the major factor responsible for the growth of the pharmaceutical products market in Qatar at rapid rate. Patented drugs were observed to be preferred more than generic drugs and captured a revenue share of ~% in 2016. Qatar Pharma is the major domestic player which is manufacturing drugs for the Qatar pharmaceuticals market. Drugs were imported from a plethora of companies including Roche, MSD (Merck), GSK, Novartis, Sanofi, AstraZeneca and others. The top three players together captured a market share of ~% as of 2016.Hospitals MarketHospitals market in Qatar has experienced rapid increase in number of inpatients and outpatients from 2011 to 2016. Although the number of hospitals has been constant for the last few years, number of inpatients and outpatients increased at a CAGR of ~% and ~% respectively during 2011-2016. Contribution from pharmacy store increased to a high extent owing to the increased sales of medical devices and cosmetic products from hospital based pharmacies, generating high revenue. Private hospitals were observed to be major revenue generator with ~% of revenue share in 2016. HMC was the largest provider of healthcare services in the country.Independent Diagnostic Laboratories MarketIndependent diagnostic laboratories is most recently established market in Qatar with revenue of USD ~ million in 2016 and exhibiting growth at a CAGR of ~% during the period 2011-2016. The rising self care attitude among people coupled with increasing prevalence of chronic diseases was the major factor which has led to growth of independent diagnostic laboratories. These laboratories are actively engaged in providing pathology tests, and pathology tests contributed approximately ~% of the total revenue in 2016. Radiology tests generated comparatively lower share of the market majorly due to presence of limited number of radiology services including X-ray and ultrasound and higher prescription of pathology tests over radiology tests.Key Topics Covered in the Report:Qatar Healthcare Market SizeQatar Medical Devices Market SizeQatar Medical Devices Market Competitive LandscapeMarket Share of Major Players in Qatar Medical Devices MarketQatar Pharmaceuticals Market SizeQatar Pharmaceuticals Market SegmentationQatar Pharmaceuticals Market Competitive LandscapeMarket Share of Major Players in Qatar Pharmaceuticals MarketQatar Hospitals Market Competitive LandscapeQatar Clinic and Health Center MarketQatar Independent Diagnostic Laboratories MarketSnapshot on Qatar Telemedicine MarketQatar Healthcare IndustryQatar Healthcare MarketSector Growth Healthcare Middle EastGovernment Expenditure HealthcareHospital Revenue QatarDoha Pharmaceutical MarketDoha Medicine SalesQatar Medical Devices RevenueImporters Medical Devices QatarQatar Healthcare SpendingHealth Care Insurance Premium QatarTo know more on coverage, click on the link below:Contact:Ken ResearchAnkur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications+91-124-4230204
A detective who interviewed dissident IRA suspect Damien McLaughlin over his alleged involvement in the November 2012 murder of prison officer David Black, has rejected suggestions his CCTV identification of him “is worthless”.
The detective, who accepted this was the first time he had ever been asked to make such an identification in his 30 years as an officer, claimed that as he watched CCTV images of the Tyrone man, while interviewing him, he “came to believe” it was him.
The officer was giving evidence at McLaughlin's Belfast Crown Court Diplock-type non-jury trial.
The 41-year-old, from Kilmascally Road near Ardboe, denies a total of six charges including aiding and abetting the drive-by shooting of 52-year-old father of two Mr Black, and IRA membership.
During cross-examination by defence QC Orlando Pownall, the officer accepted his identification “was markedly different” from that of a normal independent identification witness, and that it was “quite unusual, if not unique for an investigating officer to become an identitification witness”.
At one stage when Mr Pownall pointed out that there were “no significant, no distinctive identification features” in the CCTV footage to identify McLaughlin, the detective said one area was that “he has a bit of a bulbous nose”.
However, he agreed he had “not recorded that anywhere”.
The officer further accepted that the colour of the suspect's eyes or hair could not be identified from the CCTV footage, nor could his voice be heard, or his height discerned.
Mr Pownall also put it to the detective while there were “no marks, no mole, or tattoo”, one thing recorded as being identified was that the man in the CCTV was wearing “a ring”, but that McLaughlin had none, nor were any of the distinctive clothing worn by the suspect recovered from his home.
“I am going to suggest, the reality is, although probably you won't accept it, in the circumstances that prevailed at the time of your purported identification ... it is worthless”.
“It's your suggestion,” replied the detective, who added: “It's not my opinion.”
At hearing.
Plans for new council homes in West Green and Northgate will be put on display next week.
The plans include:
Six houses at 257-259 Ifield Road in West Green.
A three-storey block of flats in Woolborough Road in Northgate.
Crawley Borough Council and architects Graham Whitehouse Ltd are working up the plans for both sites.
The council aims to submit a full planning application this summer but before making the application, the proposals will be on display to the public.
They can be viewed at an information event in the foyer of the Town Hall between 4pm and 7.30pm on Wednesday, February 22.
Councillor Stephen Joyce, cabinet member for housing, said: “We want to hear what local people think about the proposals so please come along on February 22 to find out more and give us your views.”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage at www.crawleyobserver.co.uk
2) Like our Facebook page at www.facebook.com/crawleyobserver
3) Follow us on Twitter @Crawley_Obby
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
The Crawley Observer - always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
Hollywood star Sam Neill said making a movie with late satirist John Clarke was his favourite experience on a film set.
The veteran actor, who has starred alongside the likes of Meryl Streep and Sean Connery, fondly remembered working with Clarke on the 1990 Australian black comedy, Death in Brunswick, the Daily Mail reports.
Neill played a chef while Clarke had the part of a Melbourne gravedigger.
This was where the two New Zealand-born actors developed a lifelong friendship.
"Probably the happiest experience I've ever had on a film," Neill told the ABC's tribute program John Clarke: Thanks For Your Time.
"He played my mate in it, I played a no-hoper, he was a sort of solid guy.
"Our friendship bled into that partnership on the screen.
"I loved working with him on that. It was such a pleasurable experience."
Clarke was also admired by the many politicians he had sent up in a weekly television segment since 1988.
Continued below.
Related Content John Clarke's family plan fitting send-off TV Review: C'mon TVNZ, rattle your dags for Fred Comedian John Clarke was 'extraordinary person' - sister Anna Carter
Former prime minister Paul Keating had the greatest of respect for Clarke's parodies of him as he bitterly challenged Bob Hawke for the Labor leadership more than 25 years ago.
"He played Bob Hawke and he played me. He had it pretty right," he said.
Keating, who led Australia from 1991 to 1996, said the satirist, who died last week aged 68, was very unique.
"John Clarke had enormous intellectual energy and an acute power of observation," the former prime minister said.
"I don't think we'll see the likes of Clarke again to do what he did over such a long period of time."
Clarke and his interviewer Bryan Dawe entertained Australian television audiences with their parodies of politicians, first on the Nine Network's A Current Affair hosted by Jana Wendt, and later on the ABC.
Dawe likened his friend's death to losing his father 54 years ago, and said he had never worked with a performer who had Clarke's sense of rhythm.
"We just somehow naturally understood each other's rhythm," he said.
"It was like jazz and it was free form, even though we had a script.
"The rhythm was there all the time and there's no other performer who I've ever worked with that had that, ever."
The ABC tribute also featured interviews with Australian comedians who had worked alongside Clarke, including Max Gillies and Gina Riley.
- Daily Mail
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Witnesses to the deadly fire at Grenfell Tower in London have been giving traumatic accounts of desperate attempts made by residents to flee the flames.
Samira Lamrani said she saw a woman try to save a baby by dropping it from a window “on the ninth or 10th floor” to waiting members of the public below.
Tiago Etienne (17), heard people pleading for help as the building was engulfed in flames.
She said: “I saw children being thrown out of the building from as high as about the 15th floor. They were young - aged probably between four and eight. I saw three thrown out.
“I think they were being thrown out for the firefighters or police to catch, but I couldn't see from where I was who was at the bottom and what they were catching them in.”
Rushed outside
Local councillor Judith Blakeman, who lives opposite the tower, rushed outside when she heard about the blaze at 5am.
She said: “Neighbours had been watching it all night, they said the cladding went up like a nightdress by a fire - it just went whoosh.”
Residents who escaped complained there had been no fire alarm, with many relying on neighbours to wake them as the blaze spread, and said official advice in the event of a fire had been to stay inside.
Michael Paramasivan, who was in his seventh floor flat with girlfriend Hannah West (23), and her daughter Thea, five, said: “If we'd listened to them and stayed in the flat we'd have perished.”
Mr Paramasivan (37), told the Press Association: “There were explosions everywhere you looked, lots of bangs, blue gas coming out everywhere you looked.
“About 12 floors up I saw three children waving from a window and then there was just an explosion and they disappeared.
“They were three kids, they were banging on the windows, you could see their silhouettes and then bang, it just went up.”
Flowers had been placed beside the taped-off police cordon, which was being guarded by uniformed officers.
Local residents watch as Grenfell Tower is engulfed by fire in west London. Photograph: Daniel Leal-Olivias/AFP/Getty Images
Attached to a mixed bouquet was a card with the message: “Love and prayers to the families and victims. Justice has to be done. People before money. RIP.”
This morning, local resident Tamara told BBC News: “Around 12.30/1am my mum called me and said there was a fire outside. By the time I got there the whole right side of the building was on fire, the whole thing was engulfed in flames.
“We could hear people screaming ‘Help me' so me and my brother, with some other people who live in the area, ran over to the estate to where you could still get underneath it and there were people just throwing their kids out saying ‘Save my children'.
“The fire crew, ambulance and police couldn't do anything, they couldn't get in, and they were just telling them to stay where they are, and we'll come and get you. But things quickly escalated beyond measure and they couldn't go back in and get them.
“Within another 15 minutes the whole thing was up in flames and there were still people at their windows shouting ‘Help me'. You could see the fire going into their houses and engulfing the last room that they were in.”
‘Throwing kids out'
Another witness, Samira, told BBC News: “It escalated really quickly. Around midnight the fire was only around the third floor and then, before you know it, the whole 23 floors of the building were all on fire and there were people screaming for help and throwing kids out.
“I think everyone felt really helpless because no-one could get to them.
“There was a lot of people there — children, elderly people and disabled people; my family members, who thankfully made it out. But there are still a lot of people who are unaccounted for.”
Tamara went on: “My brother has a lot of school friends who are still wondering if their friends have made it out, they haven't got in contact with them or heard anything. One of the girls lives on the top floor, which the police advised that if you were living on that floor that it is most likely that they haven't made it.”
“I saw people flying out of their balconies and windows. I saw a man who flew out of his window, I saw people screaming for help. We saw a lot of people jumping out that basically didn't make it. It was from the eighth floor and up, and that kind of floor you wouldn't really make it.”
Tamara continued: “I had a family friend that was stuck all the way up till 5am but luckily she made it out and some others from her floor and the floors below made it out.
“But there are people who were higher up that they just couldn't get to because it just got out of control so quickly.
“It was like a split second before the whole building was on fire. It started on one floor, then it took one side and then the whole building was on fire. There's nothing you can do but watch things unfold in front of you.”
Son thrown from window
Another resident, called Zara, said she saw a woman throw her son, who was about five years old, from a fifth or sixth floor window to escape the blaze.
She told LBC: “One woman actually threw her son out of the window. I think he's OK.
“I think he might have just had some broken bones and bruises.
“I left my phone at home so I went back to grab it and, by the time I got back, the road was completely blocked off, the fire had dramatically spread.
“It was like a scene from a Hollywood movie.”
Asked about which floor the boy was thrown from, she said she thought it was the fifth or even the sixth.
“There was another woman screaming ‘my baby, my baby, I need to get out, I need to save my baby'.
“But we were just looking up. We couldn't do anything. There was nothing we could do.”
Another caller, Linda, told the station how she watched huge chunks of polystyrene type material falling from the building.
“It was everywhere, it was like snow,” she said.
“There were larger sheets and small pieces.
“It was coming down everywhere.”
PA
New Zealanders and Australians have become a target of a phone scam that has reaped in millions of dollars.
At least one person in Australia has lost almost $2 million and police there are warning people to hang up immediately if they receive a call or a voicemail from a stranger speaking in Mandarin.
Last year, NZ police issuing a warning to the public after reports of a scam using the Chinese Embassy phone number.
In the past few months, the scam has resurfaced, with many New Zealanders receiving phone calls and voice messages in Mandarin from people they don't know.
Advertisement
The calls - and voicemails that have been left on people's phones - are in relation to a variety of topics, such as having property to pick up from the embassy, that their credit card has been used without authority or that they need to call a phone number in Beijing.
"Government agencies will never call you to ask for your bank account or credit card details by phone," police said.
RELATED: Police warn of kidnapping scam targeting Chinese students in New Zealand
"They have used technology to enable them to use the Embassy's number to make these calls, so if you receive a call and the person on the line asks for money, do not engage with them, and hang up."
If someone thinks they have been scammed, police urge them to report the incident as soon as possible to their nearest police station.
They also advise members of the public to warn friends and family so that others in the community are also aware – particularly the more vulnerable members of the community.
In New South Wales, Australia, at least 50 people have reported they were scammed.
The scammer usually demands money and threatens harm to the victim, as well as their friends and family, if the demands are not met.
The call usually starts with a recorded message in English or Mandarin, and then transfers to a person claiming to be from the Chinese Embassy or Consulate.
NSW Police has issued a public warning about the calls.
"I want to stress that the Chinese Embassy would never contact a victim to pay money over the phone," Financial Crimes Squad Commander, Detective Superintendent Linda Howlett said.
As well as New Zealand, the same scam has also been reported in the US, Canada and the UK.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
The NBL's play-off contenders have been found two weeks early and will include the New Zealand Breakers following their 88-84 win over the Illawarra Hawks.
Having beaten the Hawks by four points when they met in Wollongong 48 hours earlier, the Breakers repeated the dose in another arm-wrestle in Auckland today.
It ensures the Kiwi outfit (15-9) will finish the regular season in the top four along with Melbourne United (17-7), the Perth Wildcats (15-9) and Adelaide 36ers (15-10).
The Hawks were the only other team who could break into the post-season but a 10-14 record means they join Cairns, Brisbane and Sydney in planning for next season.
There are still two full rounds for the Breakers to fight for home court advantage in the play-offs, having been boosted by back-to-back wins for the first time in a month.
As was the case on Friday, they unleashed a big finish after trailing the Hawks entering the final quarter.
The hosts increased their defensive intensity and guard DJ Newbill found his range to finish with 20 points, supported by Shea Ili and Tom Abercrombie (17 each).
Tall Blacks guard Ili produced one of his more accomplished all-round displays, pulling off a key rebound in the dying seconds when Hawks opposite Mitchell Norton missed on a drive to the basket.
Guard Edgar Sosa subsequently sunk two clutch free throws with 3.5 seconds remaining to give the Breakers breathing space.
Rotnei Clarke unleashed a game-high 22 for Illawarra while Norton contributed 14.
A man has been jailed for 18 months after pleading guilty to trying to meet a teenage girl in Luton after grooming her online.
Farid Latrach, 20, of Upper Berkeley Street in City of Westminster, London, was sentenced at Luton Crown Court on Friday, April 20. He also pleaded guilty to engaging in sexual communication with a child.
Farid Latrach
He was sentenced to 18 months in a Young Offenders Institution. He will also be the subject of a Sexual Harm Prevention Order for 10 years, which bans him from accessing internet chat rooms and communicating with anyone under the age of 16.
He used Facebook to communicate with who he believed to be a 13-year-old girl but was arrested at a train station in Luton, where he had arranged to meet her. The intended victim did not actually exist, but was posed by ‘a paedophile hunters' group who passed the information to police.
Detective Constable Lesley Horton, from Bedfordshire Police's Emerald team, said: “We are committed to tackling online grooming, which is a real threat in the modern world.
“Offenders target young children for their own sexual gratification, and following grooming they arrange to meet their victims in real life.
“Their intention is to sexually abuse children. While, thankfully, there was no victim involved in this case, Latrach's intentions were clear.
“We would like to encourage victims of online grooming and sexual abuse to come forward. We will take you seriously and bring offenders to justice.”
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The evening sky is overrated. Don't go there for awesome fireworks. Look at these clips of video gaming's best fireworks. We've got to start with Mario.
This post originally appeared July 4, 2015. It's been edited to include Monster Hunter: World and Far Cry 5.
Fantavision, the PlayStation 2's fireworks-gaming classic.
Final Fantasy XIII: Fireworks Edition
Boom Boom Rocket (Like DDR but with fireworks)
Big Bang Mini, an obscure one on the Nintendo DS.
Left 4 Dead? This seems wrong.
Assassin's Creed II. Just the last bit of this clip.
Gran Turismo 5. Go figure.
Colonization (I love the name of this video: “Colonization Gameplay (SPOILER) - Video 18: INDEPENDENCE (End sequence)“ ... it's like, spoiler: The British Empire loses!
Minecraft, of course.
Batman: Arkham Asylum. I forgot this game had any. Thanks, Giant Bomb, for your awesome fireworks-in-games list. I had to peek to remember this one.
Peggle. Well, Peggle hacked.
Animal Crossing.
Forza Horizon 2
Majora's Mask, of course.
Hitman, at sunset in Paris, France.
Fallout 4, courtesy of the Contraptions Workshop DLC.
Monster Hunter: World.
Far Cry 5 gives you fireworks when you liberate outposts and areas, such as Holland Valley, below.
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
OSLO: — The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded Friday to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, a group of mostly young activists pushing for a global treaty to ban the cataclysmic bombs.The award of the $1.1-million prize comes amid heightened tensions over both North Korea's aggressive development of nuclear weapons and President Donald Trump's persistent criticism of the deal to curb Iran's nuclear program.The prize committee wanted "to send a signal to North Korea and the U.S. that they need to go into negotiations," Oeivind Stenersen, a historian of the peace prize, told The Associated Press. "The prize is also coded support to the Iran nuclear deal. I think this was wise because recognizing the Iran deal itself could have been seen as giving support to the Iranian state."The Geneva-based ICAN has campaigned actively for the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons adopted by the United Nations in July, but which needs ratification from 50 countries. Only three countries have ratified it so far. It organized events globally in 2015 to mark the 70th anniversaries of the World War II U.S. atomic bombings of the Japanese cities Hiroshima and Nagasaki.Last month in Berlin, ICAN protesters teamed up with other organizations to demonstrate outside the U.S. and North Korean embassies against the possibility of nuclear war between the two countries. Wearing masks of Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, protesters posed next to a dummy nuclear missile and a large banner reading "Time to Go: Ban Nuclear Weapons."The group "has been a driving force in prevailing upon the world's nations to pledge to cooperate ... in efforts to stigmatize, prohibit and eliminate nuclear weapons," Norwegian Nobel Committee chairwoman Berit Reiss-Andersen said in the announcement.The prize "sends a message to all nuclear-armed states and all states that continue to rely on nuclear weapons for security that it is unacceptable behavior. We will not support it, we will not make excuses for it, we can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security. That's not how you build security," ICAN executive director Beatrice Fihn told reporters in Geneva.She said that she "worried that it was a prank" after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.ICAN leaders later popped open some bubbly to celebrate the prize, and held up a banner with the name of the organization in their small Geneva headquarters."We are trying to send very strong signals to all states with nuclear arms, nuclear-armed states — North Korea, U.S., Russia, China, France, U.K., Israel, all of them, India, Pakistan — it is unacceptable to threaten to kill civilians," she said.Reiss-Andersen noted that similar prohibitions have been reached on chemical and biological weapons, land mines and cluster munitions."Nuclear weapons are even more destructive, but have not yet been made the object of a similar international legal prohibition," she said.Reiss-Andersen said "through its inspiring and innovative support for the U.N. negotiations on a treaty banning nuclear weapons, ICAN has played a major part in bringing about what in our day and age is equivalent to an international peace congress."Asked by journalists whether the prize was essentially symbolic, given that no international measures against nuclear weapons have been reached, Reiss-Andersen said "What will not have an impact is being passive."
LARAMIE — Business leaders and entrepreneurs are invited to the University of Wyoming Business Innovation Summit Thursday and Friday, April 26-27.
The summit is a place for UW students to present the work they have done with businesses across the state and country, and for business leaders and entrepreneurs to learn about partnership opportunities.
“The Business Innovation Summit takes place twice a year. As part of our classes, Department of Management and Marketing faculty have students work with businesses and entrepreneurs,” says Corey Billington, professor of practice and head of UW's new Business Creation Factory.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
For example, Billington teaches MBA entrepreneurship and undergraduate entrepreneurship.
In his classes, students participate in expert-based projects and startup-based projects. Working with businesses on these projects provides students with real-world experience.
At the same time, the work helps businesses prosper and exposes talented UW students to business leaders.
Other faculty members have their students work with businesses in supply chain, procurement, human resources, strategy and marketing.
“During the summit, students present the experiential learning that we do in the department,” Billington says. “People who are interested in working with us come, and then they get to see the work that's been done, and they get to meet with people who have worked with us.”
Students have helped businesses on a variety of projects, including designing a new nonprofit organization, diversifying services, engaging millennials and streamlining event lodging.
Businesses the students have worked with include smaller companies such as Timberline Hospitalities, Bright Agrotech, Camp Guernsey, Wyoming Rescue Mission, Tough Guys, CPA Group of Laramie and HopeHearth, as well as large companies including Apple, Walmart and Anadarko.
On April 26, summit attendees can schedule a meeting with College of Business faculty members to learn about the latest research in business excellence and discuss their companies' business challenges and potential partnership projects.
Attendees also can meet other participants and attend the John P. Ellbogen $50K Entrepreneurship Competition.
On April 27, an estimated 30 projects will be presented, with a question-and-answer session as well. Weston Smith, former chief financial officer of HealthSouth, will speak during a catered lunch, and attendees can interview students for future internships or paid positions.
The event has a registration fee of $150 per attendee.
For more information on this and future innovation summits, email the UW Innovation, Strategy and Entrepreneurship Network at uwise@uwyo.edu.
April 20 S&P Global Ratings:
* Says Virginia GO debt rating outlook revised to negative on recent structural imbalance
* Says assigned 'AA+' rating to the Virginia public school authority's (VPSA) series 2017A school financing bonds issued for Virginia
* Says affirmed 'AAA' rating on Virginia's go debt outstanding, 'AA+' rating on appropriation-backed debt, 'AA' rating on moral obligation debt
* S&P on Virginia GO debt rating - negative outlook reflects commonwealth's recent pattern of structural imbalance despite a period of economic growth
* Says believe there is a risk that future federal spending cuts could have an outsized effect on the Virginia economy Source text: bit.ly/2o9vclh
University of the Philippines shoots for the lead when it tangles with Ateneo De Manila University in the top division of the Ang Liga Season 15 collegiate football tournament today at the De La Salle University Science and Technology Complex Football Field in Biñan, Laguna.
Advertisements
The powerhouse teams from the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) open the match day's triple-header at 10 a.m.
Sitting on No. 2 with 15 points after a five-game winning streak, the Maroon Booters seek to surpass leading National University.
A win for the State U will push them past the idle NU Booters, who hold the pole position with 17 points on a 5-2-1 win-draw-loss record.
The Diliman-based squad nailed its fifth straight win at the expense of defending champion University of Sto. Tomas, 4-2, behind Fidel Tacardon's late brace last Sunday.
But Ateneo is eager to improve its six points on No. 7 from four games and keep its semifinals bid alive.
The Blue Booters snapped out of a two-game slide after nipping Lyceum of the Philippines University, 2-1, on star striker Jarvey Gayoso's second half brace.
Meanwhile, skidding San Beda College tackles Emilio Aguinaldo College in the final game at 3 p.m.
The Red Booters hope to end a two-game skid and climb out of the No. 6 spot while the No. 8 Generals aim to continue the momentum from their breakthrough win.
In the second division, San Beda's juniors team and University of Perpetual Help System DALTA meet head-on in their 1 p.m. tussle.
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
John Rigazio & Team Talisen recognized for fundraising over $40k for Autism during 100-mile bike ride
1 2 3 4 Team Talisen in Albany Albany Visit by Team Talisen John Rigazio & Todd Kaminsky & John Rigazio
End
-- State Senator Todd Kaminsky presented a proclamation on the Senate floor to John Rigazio recognizing him for his unique contribution to Autism awareness. As part of Team Talisen's fundraising efforts, John participated in the 2016 Bike to the Beach, a 100-mile bike ride that benefits Autism Speaks and other local Autism community groups throughout New York.John, a senior at South Side High School in Rockville Centre, rode 100 miles from Manhattan to Westhampton last June on a tandem bicycle with his father, Joseph. As part of the 25-member ride team, Team Talisen, John helped raise over $40,000 for the cause.The Bike to the Beach route passed through Rockville Centre on the way to Westhampton, where they received support from John's friends and teachers. John says, "Seeing everyone from school was great. We trained a lot for the ride and I had fun doing it together with my dad. This spring we want a lot more people, 50 riders and $50,000".Joseph first got involved with the Autism awareness movement when John was diagnosed with ASD at the age of 6. As the CEO of Talisen Construction Corporation , Joseph spearheaded the company's involvement with Autism Speaks in 2009. After years on the NYC Walk Committee for Autism Speaks, Joseph focused Talisen's 2016 efforts on Bike to the Beach, "I've always backed organizations that support Autism awareness and research. Bike to the Beach was a great opportunity to make a real difference and get John inspired to advocate for the cause. It boosted his confidence level so much and reinforced his ability to make a difference regardless of his personal challenges. John's acknowledgment by Senator Kaminsky was another affirmation, and an extremely proud moment for me as a father. We can't wait for next year!".Senator Todd Kaminsky, who represents Long Island's South Shore where John and his family live, was impressed by his commitment. On March 28, Kaminsky recognized John on the Senate floor, and presented him with a formal proclamation honoring his dedication to raising money for autism research and awareness. A proclamation is "a non-legal declaration designating a given period of time to commemorate an event or cause, or to honor an individual or group".Currently, 1 in 68 children are diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in the United States every year. More than 3.5 million Americans are on the spectrum yet ASD receives the least federal funding of any developmental disorder. Organizations like Bike to the Beach help to fill that gap by not only supporting Autism Speaks but channeling money back into local organizations that provide summer camps, after-school programs, and job training/support for those with ASD.Robby Walsh, Executive Director, of Bike to the Beach says, "John's accomplishment is amazing and inspiring. He exemplifies what Bike to the Beach is all about: taking on a challenge while making an impact for others. Each year he rides he stands as a reminder of who we bike for and how much more we each have to give". Bike to the Beach now holds cycling events in 7 cities, including New York, Baltimore, Washington DC, Miami, Houston, and Boston.Bike to the Beach is a community of people who combine biking, purpose, and fun to inspire individuals to overcome obstacles through personal challenge. Bike to the Beach rides to inspire the larger community to raise funds and awareness for Autism, the most prevalent developmental disability in the world.Talisen Construction formed Team Talisen in 2016 to ride in the annual Bike to the Beach. With the initial goal of fundraising $25,000 with a team of 10 riders, they far exceeded their 2016 goal by raising over $40,000. This year they are aiming for 50 riders and $50,000. Learn more about the event, and Team Talisen, by visiting my.biketothebeach.org/teamtalisen.
By Abby Hassler
Halsey is not one to endure injustice quietly. The “Now or Never” singer has joined forces with Center for Health and Gender Equity to speak out against the Trump administration's Global Gag Rule and support the Global HER Act.
Related: Halsey Interview: I will Never Get Used to People Liking My Music
In a new video produced by ART NOT WAR, Halsey speaks about the life-threatening consequences the rule can have for women around the world. Trump's rule prevents organizations from receiving U.S. family planning funding if they educate the public or their government about the need for safe abortion services.
Halsey has already been vocal online about women's rights, but now is urging people to voice their support of the new bill introduced Senator Jeanne Shaheen and Representative Nita Lowey.
Watch the full video here.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
By Cindy Tran
A Kiwi woman has taken to social media to vent her frustration after an airline's automated voice machine did not recognise her "accent".
The woman called up Jetstar after her scheduled flight for Monday was cancelled - but the voice-controlled service failed to understand her.
She claimed she repeatedly said her name at least five times but the phone conversation escalated into fury.
"Flight tomorrow was cancelled so I had to call Jetstar to re-book. Their automated voice service is STRAYA AS [sic]," she claimed in a Facebook post on Sunday evening.
"[It] didn't understand a cot damned word I said unless I talked like Shazza and then s*** itself when it couldn't understand my name after five tries [sic]."
The woman said the machine repeatedly said: "I'm sorry, I couldn't understand you. Please state your full name. For example, John Smith."
"If I have to do a Tom Hanks in Auckland I will be unimpressed," she continued.
The woman claimed she tried to speak as clearly as possible but to no avail.
"Casually yelling out my name in the backyard while the neighbours are like wtf. FML [sic]," she claimed.
Continued below.
Related Content Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council The $1000 project: Single mum's mission to show how easy it is to save a grand Children's car seats recalled due to faulty harness
But despite the difficulties, the woman saw the funny side to it as she claimed the voice machine was speaking "in the most strayan [sic] accent ever".
On Monday morning, she confirmed she was at the airport waiting to board her flight.
A Jetstar spokesperson told Daily Mail Australia: "The automated voice service is designed to detect key words regardless of accent.
"If there is an issue, customers are connected to a customer care representative.
"Customers can get in touch via a range of options including Facebook Messenger, website live chat, phone or Skype."
Daily Mail Australia has contacted the woman for comment.
- Daily Mail
An unmoving woman fell from an SUV into an intersection. The driver calmly picked her up and drove off
Disused guest rooms in a former Desborough pub could be converted into flats.
The former main pub area in The Kings Arms in High Street is now a Costa Coffee, but there are other old rooms in the building as well.
The listed building is believed to date back to the 1700s but it had fallen into a state of disrepair, frequently suffering vandalism and break-ins.
Applicant Satellite Ltd says it requires consent for four flats to allow its future to be safeguarded.
A planning statement said: “Our view is that any merit of the listed building is lost in its current state.
“The proposals offer a much more beneficial solution while also providing much-needed residential accommodation.
“We firmly believe the building is of inherent architectural merit and believe the optimum way of showcasing this is to bring it back into use, while at the same time removing the unsightly add-ons to the building.
“This application would achieve both those objectives.”
A decision could be made by November 15.
JOHN Lang, born in Kingaroy in 1934, was the eldest of three sons.
John's father, Tony, was a seed merchant. Tony was killed during World War II, leaving John's mother, Ivy, a widow with three little boys. John was fatherless at the age of 8 and his brothers were only four and two. Tony and Ivy lived in Kingaroy and, after Tony's death, the family moved to Bundaberg.
The death of his father meant that John needed to learn resilience, determination and self-reliance at an early age. John immediately got a paper run and sold roosters and produce to help his mother and brothers.
The Bundaberg Legacy representative, Geoff Boreham, took carriage of the welfare of the family. Geoff was a local solicitor and the influence he had on the family was profound.
John went to Bundaberg High School and then to Brisbane Grammar on a scholarship until the end of Year 11, when he joined Mr Boreham's law practice. John felt he had been given an incredible opportunity when he was offered the role and made the most of it.
John worked during the day and studied at night to achieve his law qualifications.
John qualified as a solicitor at the age of 21 in 1955 and later became a partner in the law practice. John took on partners and expanded it to become a large legal practice - Boreham, Lang & Hancock in Bundaberg.
John left Boreham, Lang & Hancock in 1985 to create his own private practice. However when the workload became too much, John subsequently formed a new practice - Payne, Butler & Lang, which continues to be another successful law firm in Bundaberg.
In 1960, John met his future wife, Zoe. Zoe worked at Childers for the local solicitors.
They were engaged in 1961 and married in 1962 at the Childers Methodist Church with a reception at the Apple Tree Creek Memorial Hall.
John and Zoe had four children, Anthony, David, Geoff and Helen.
John was elected as an alderman on the Bundaberg City Council in 1976, where he served on several committees.
He was a life member, patron, secretary and treasurer of the Bundaberg Tennis Association.
He was a member of the Kepnock State High School P&C Committee.
He was a foundation member and active committee member of the Blue Nurses administration in Bundaberg.
John was also actively involved on the committee of the Scouting Association in Bundaberg, and was the foundation director of the Wide Bay Capricorn Building Society (now Auswide Bank).
John retired from his law practice in 1994 and moved to Woodgate, then Bribie Island and finally Victoria Point.
He continued his active community life in retirement by becoming the president of Bribie Island Probus and the president of the Bribie Island Bridge Club.
In his retirement, John also enjoyed bridge, fishing, boating and travelling around Australia.
John was a family man who was hardworking, honest and ethical, who was respected by all of those who knew him.
John is survived by wife Zoe, children Anthony, David, Geoff and Helen and 10 grandchildren.
April 12 Bharti Airtel Ltd
* Airtel launches 'internet TV' for digital homes
* Airtel Digital TV says airtel 'internet TV' is priced at INR 4999/- with 3 month digital TV subscription. Source text: [Airtel Digital TV (“Airtel”), the DTH arm of Bharti Airtel, today launched ‘Internet TV' – India's first hybrid STB, powered by Android TV, which brings the best of online content to the TV screen along with a bouquet of over 500 plus satellite TV channels. This marks yet another industry first from Airtel that has been at the forefront of innovation in the DTH category] Further company coverage:
Former Arkansas coach, AD Broyles dies at 92
hello
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. -- Frank Broyles, who guided the University of Arkansas to its lone national football championship and later molded the overall program as its athletic director, has died at the age of 92.
Broyles died Monday from complications of Alzheimer's disease, according to a statement from his family.
Broyles won almost 71 percent of his games as head football coach with the Razorbacks for 19 years.
He became the school's athletic director in 1974 while still the football coach, eventually retiring from the gridiron to focus on administrative duties following the 1976 season.
As athletic director, Broyles led an overhaul and upgrade of Arkansas' facilities - as well as leading the school in its move to the Southeastern Conference.
Following his coaching career, Broyles - who earned a spot in the National Football Foundation's College Hall of Fame - served as an analyst on ABC's college football telecasts.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
March 29 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening up 24 points on Wednesday as Britain submits formal notice of its intention to leave the European Union, according to financial bookmakers. * TESCO: Tesco, Britain's biggest retailer, remains committed to its agreed 3.7 billion pound ($4.7 billion) takeover of wholesaler Booker despite opposition from some big shareholders, its boss said on Tuesday. * ACACIA: Gold miner Acacia Mining Plc on Tuesday denied allegations that it was trying to export gold and copper concentrates in spite of a ban by the Tanzanian government. * BREXIT: Prime Minister Theresa May will file formal Brexit divorce papers on Wednesday, pitching the United Kingdom into the unknown and triggering years of uncertain negotiations that will test the endurance of the European Union. * BRITAIN INFLATION: The British public's expectations for inflation over the coming year fell in March, despite a sharp pickup in the country's most closely watched measure of price growth, a monthly survey by bank Citi and polling firm YouGov showed. * BOE: Bank of England interest rate-setter Ian McCafferty said on Tuesday he did not know whether he would vote to increase borrowing costs at the next meeting of the BoE's policymakers in May. * The UK blue chip index ended up 0.7 percent on Tuesday, underpinned by a recovery in miners and banks as well as a surge in Wolseley's shares following strong results. * For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets * UK CORPORATE DIARY: Stagecoach Trading Group Plc Update Saga Plc Q4 2016 TODAY'S UK PAPERS > Financial Times > Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe has handed over the memos from his meetings with President Donald Trump to Special Counsel Robert Mueller.
McCabe was fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions after months as the target of the president's ire for perceived biases against the White House.
According to the Associated Press, McCabe's notes included extensive details of his every meeting with the president, as well as his interactions with his confidant and former boss James Comey.
The president responded to the news on Twitter on Sunday. "Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe, but he never took notes when he was with me. I don't believe he made memos except to help his own agenda, probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?"
Watch video 01:02 Share Ex-FBI deputy McCabe fired Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uWU5 Ex-FBI deputy Andrew McCabe rebuts dismissal grounds
Comey: America will hear my story soon
Trump went on to call into question the fairness of the Russia probe. He claimed the investigative staff is filled with "hardened" Democrats, despite Mueller being a lifelong Republican who earned a reputation for stringent fair play while serving as FBI director under George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
McCabe and Comey have pushed back against Trump's allegations of an FBI vendetta.
"Mr President, the American people will hear my story very soon. And they can judge for themselves who is honorable and who is not," Comey tweeted on Saturday. It has been widely rumored that part of the impetus for Comey's ouster in May 2017 was his refusal to drop the Russia investigation that has been taken up by Mueller.
McCabe was fired just two days before he was set to retire. In December, President Trump tweeted the ominous message: "FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits. 90 days to go?!!!"
The 20-year FBI veteran has claimed he was the latest victim in the Trump administration's "war" with the bureau.
es/rc (AP, AFP)
Available Digitally, on CD, and Blu-ray, 'Live at the High Noon' Is the Group's First Live Album. 75-Minute Concert Includes Exuberant Rendition of "Jupiter" by Earth Wind & Fire. Group Includes Oscar-Winning Arranger Tim Whalen.
Phat Phunktion 'Live at The High Noon'
Contact
1888 Media
***@1888media.com 1888 Media
End
-- As a group of University of Wisconsin-Madison music students who banded together in 1996,have built a loyal following of listeners throughout the United States and around the world. Combining the polish of Top 40 with the smooth feeling of 60's soul and the raw groove of 70's funk, Phat Phunktion is a nine-piece tour-de-force that are one of the most revered live acts of the past 20 years. In their hometown of Madison, they have been known to attract crowds of 5,000 people and regularly sell out wherever they perform.In 2003,singled out Phat Phunktion as a "band on the rise." During the same year, they won a Wisconsin Area Music Industry Award, or WAMI, for "." In May 2003, a panel of Billboard Magazine judges selected the band as one of six acts to perform at the DiscMakers' Independent Music World Series, Midwest regional final, where they funked up the Elbo Room in Chicago. Of the six finalists, Phat Phunktion and Chicago's Orbert Davis took top honors. The band has appeared numerous times at the Madison Blues Festival, Milwaukee's, and the House of Blues in Chicago, with a myriad television and radio appearances to their credit, including "The Jenny Jones Show" and Michael Feldman's "Whad'ya Know?"During the summer of 2005, Phat Phunktion embarked on their first U.S. tour. Following the Nardis release of, the tour was a turning point for this award-winning band. As keyboardist / co-founder Tim Whalen said at the time, "We are not just a local band anymore." From June 2005 until August 2006, the band played non-stop at festivals and clubs all over the United States, from Arizona to the New England seaboard, and everywhere in between. They brought the house down at the Bele Chere Music Festival (Asheville, NC), the Riverbend Festival (Chattanooga, TN), Riverfest (Little Rock, AK), the(Toledo, OH), The Knitting Factory and BB King's in New York City.Over the last 10 years, the band has shared the stage with musical legends,, Tower of Power, WAR, Cameo, Morris Day and the Time, The Original "P" (featuring original members of), The Average White Band, Chick Corea, Taj Mahal,, Clyde Stubblefield, The Brothers Johnson, Soulive, Umphrey's McGee, Willy Porter, and Kool and the Gang. Their dynamic stage show and incredible musicianship have initiated thousands of faithful "Phatheads,"who are spreading the word.Individually, the band members have achieved worldwide notoriety and acclaim. Saxophonist Falaschi arranged and composed music for legendary James Brown drummer, Clyde Stubblefield, for his album,, and appeared as a member of the "Sad Sax" collective that augments's. Frontman Whalen also contributed to Stubblefield's album, writing music for "Hippest March Part 2," though he is most well-known for orchestrating strings for "Al Otro Lado del Río," a song by Uruguayan singer Jorge Drexler that appears in the film, starring).won thefor "" at the 77th Academy Awards in 2005.As the nonet continues its second decade of melting minds with its incendiary live show, the members felt it was time to reward fans with a testament to their electrifying onstage chemistry. Gathering before a raucous sold-out show at the High Noon Saloon in Madison, WI, on October 7, 2016, Phat Phunktion unleashed a blistering 80-minute set to rapturous applause. Stand-outs include the booming "," the funky boogie of "Knockin' em Down," a transcendent 8-minute version of "," and a show-stopping rendition of "Jupiter," theclassic. Produced by Whalen and Falaschi, the 13-track collection, "," will be available worldwide on June 2, on CD, as a digital download, and on Blu-ray, in High Definition.QUOTES:"A talent for crafting strong, danceable tracks.""Horn-driven tour-de-funk by a band on the rise.""They are quite simply the best dance machine to roll through the river city in a while.""I was having Tower of Power flashbacks. Since 1976, I've been asking myself the cosmic question: 'What is hip?' Well now I know: Phat Phunktion."PHAT PHUNKTION:Tim Whalen: Keyboards and vocalsDarvonte "Turbo" Murray: DrumsPauli Ryan: PercussionNick Moran: BassVincent Jesse: GuitarJon Schipper: TrumpetJim Doherty: TrumpetCourtney Larsen: Trombone and vocalsAl Falaschi: Saxophone and vocals1. You Want It All - Whalen/Falaschi2. Whatcha Gonna Do - Whalen3. Knockin' em Down - Whalen/Falaschi/Patrou4. Rock Star - Whalen/Falaschi5. Never Be The Same - Whalen/Falaschi6. Don't Destroy The Funk - Whalen/Falaschi7. Eyes of Mine - Whalen/Falaschi8. Untitled (Weekend Special) - Whalen/Falaschi9. Jupiter - White/White/Dunn/Bailey10. Tell Me - Whalen11. Miss Madison - Whalen/Falaschi12. Well Run Dry - Whalen/Falaschi13. Stand Up - Falaschi
Toto Wolff
Motor racing can be very cruel – and it was incredibly so for us in Austria. Before the race in Spielberg, a few people in the paddock told me that it was going to be an easy 1-2 for us because we had the quickest car. But while qualifying was a good result, it' s not until Sunday that points are awarded.
However, it is the tough times that help us grow as individuals and as a team - not the good ones. Motor racing taught us a lesson about humility on Sunday - even when you have the fastest car, even when you lead the first 12 laps with both cars, things run away from you very fast if you make mistakes. That's the competition we are in, the fights we embrace and what makes this sport such a brilliant challenge.
We tried to show the right character in defeat. We took full responsibility for our mistakes, which takes guts, and we will now analyse them and come back stronger from that learning. Both drivers were calm and showed true leadership. We have had the fastest and most reliable car in recent years - and they reminded us of that fact.
We come to Silverstone on the back of the worst weekend we've had in a very long time. We are determined to put up a hard fight on home turf and come back with a strong result – one that is worthy of our drivers' performance, our fans' passion and the Mercedes brand.
Featured this Week: Steering a Formula One car
Formula One cars are incredible machines; they're fast, they're beautiful, they're the result of hundreds of people working together – and they are very complex. Yet, the drivers only have three ways of influencing the behaviour of the car – the throttle pedal, the brake pedal and the steering wheel. In a way, the term “ steering wheel” has become a bit misleading as “steering” is just one of many functions the device can perform these days – and it's not shaped like a wheel either. In this week's feature, we're taking a closer look at the complex command centres called steering wheels.
What are the main functions of a Formula One steering wheel?
In addition to the actual steering function, a Formula One steering wheel serves many purposes. One of the main functions is shifting, as the shift paddles and the clutch are mounted on the backside of the steering wheel. It's also a hub for information and communication. The driver can access crucial information on the central display, such as his engine speed, delta times to other cars or sensor information, for example tyre temperatures. He can also confirm that he is coming into the pits with the press of a button and activate his radio. A total of 25 LED lights on the steering wheel inform the driver of different situations – from his shift points to a rendering of the marshalling flags. The steering wheel is also used to influence certain car settings, for example change the brake balance or adjust the differential (the amount of torque transfer between the rear wheels). Power unit settings, such as the all-important strategy mode, which determines the power output, are also selected on the steering wheel. Please find a detailed description of the different buttons in the attached infographics or on our media site: http://media.mercedesamgf1.com.
How can the team make sure the driver doesn't hit a button by accident?
When driven in anger, a Formula One car is subject to violent speeds and heavy vibrations – not exactly ideal conditions to manipulate small buttons on a steering wheel. To make it even more difficult, the drivers have to operate the steering wheel while wearing gloves. To reduce the risk of accidentally hitting a button, the team has installed small plastic rims around certain buttons. Those guards can change on a race-by-race basis. They are particularly important for tight turns like the hairpin in Monaco when the drivers use the maximum steering angle. In addition to the guards around the buttons, the team uses high reliability buttons that are also used on aircraft, which require quite a strong tactile force. That way, the driver feels a solid click when he presses a button even with the gloves on.
How many steering wheel inputs does a driver make on a lap?
The amount and the type of inputs a driver makes depend on both the layout of the circuit and the situation in the session. On a “ regular” race lap around Silverstone a driver will typically do around 40 gearshifts (the quickest sequence in about 1.2 seconds for five downshifts going into Turn 3), two brake balance adjustments, two changes of display page and three differential adjustments – all of that in addition to the actual steering, of course.
How many potential combinations of settings are there?
There are 16 buttons, six rotary wheels and three rotary switches on the steering wheel – in addition to the shift pedals and the clutch. This means that there are hundreds of millions potential combinations. But don't worry – our drivers don't have to test them all…
What does the development process of an F1 steering wheel look like and how involved are the drivers in that process?
When the main structure of today's wheel was designed, the drivers were heavily involved in the design process – both in the ergonomics of the wheel and in the physical layout (from the overall shape of the wheel to the way the grips form at the bottom). The carbon structure is a long-term component that usually carries over for one or two years. If a new structure is introduced, the team will run a number of prototypes and bring them to the track for the drivers to try out in Friday practice. During the season, the team will change the grips, the button and the switch layout and the guards around the buttons – based on the individual demands of the driver and the track layout.
How important are ergonomics in the design process?
Very important – both in terms the feel of the steering wheel and certain elements of comfort. Because a Formula One car is extremely tightly packaged, there is not a whole lot of space in the cockpit. The bigger the steering wheel, the more it will cut in on the clearance of the knees underneath it or the clearance of the knuckles on the side of the tub.
How long does it take to build a new steering wheel?
The actual build process takes about two weeks of working hours (i.e. 80 hours). The majority of the parts are build in-house, with the central display and the underlying circuit board being the only exception as those are common parts shared by all teams. All other components – the circuitry, the circuit boards, the steering, the carbon enclosure, the quick release, the electrical connectors – are custom build in the team's factory in Brackley. The main materials used in a steering wheel are carbon fibre, fibreglass, titanium, silicon and copper. Over the course of a season, each driver will get three to four wheels. Mechanical designers, electrical designers and wiring technicians are involved in the design and build process.
What is the biggest challenge in designing and building an F1 steering wheel?
The steering wheel is a safety-critical component (internally known as a Class A component). As such, it has to undergo rigorous testing – similar to, for example, a suspension element or a piece of the survival cell. However, at the same time it is a highly customised element, which can be changed on a race-by-race basis depending on the requirements of the drivers. The combination of these two requirements – the highest level of diligence and constant changes – makes the design and build process very challenging.
How is steering wheel serviced?
Steering wheels go through a service every two or three races – and just like every other component on the car they have a certain maximum mileage. In the car, steering wheels are constantly vibrating and because they are considered safety-critical components, they undergo non-destructive testing (NDT) to make sure they don't suffer from any sort of cracking. To check for cracks, the wheels are submerged into a low viscosity dye penetrant and left the soak. The dye penetrates any cracks, which when dry will show clearly under ultraviolet light. The steering wheels also undergo electrical testing, ultrasonic inspection and checks for water tightness. The grips and buttons are also checked on a regular basis because every button only has a certain number of actuations it can survive.
SEO
Contact
Rank ME Seo Services
***@payrankseo.com Rank ME Seo Services
End
-- Rank Me SEO Services is launching a Free 30 day trial for all the new SEO campaigns that sign up. The trial doesn't include any contract or obligation to sign up for services after 30 days.Even after the Free trial ends and the Users website is not in Top 30 then also Rank Me SEO services will keep working for free without any charge to the user until the User's website is in Top 30 for the agreed upon keywords or location. Rank Me SEO services will clearly inform the user on Sign up about the Keywords and which location the ranking will be targetted. The user will have the option to agree or disagree to the offer.SEO is always evolving, a moving target and that means your online business strategy must keep evolving, too. You have to keep pace with the online marketing trends or else you will lag behind and miss potential clients.Rank Me SEO services reserves all rights to reject any company from signing up based on any doubts about the legitimacy of the business.Users can sign up for the free trial offer directly from the Packages page https://www.payrankseo.com/ packages/ For any further information please visit the website https://www.payrankseo.com/
Alice's 21st Birthday celebration continues with tickets to see OneRepublic live in concert with special guests Fitz and the Tantrums and James Arthur coming to Shoreline Amphitheatre August 26 and Concord Pavilion August 27.
TO WIN:
Listen (8/14 – 8/18) on the 05's every hour 9:05 AM to 4:05 PM for the cue to call. When you hear it, start dialing 1-800-400-FM 97. Caller 97 wins a pair of tickets to one of the shows courtesy of Live Nation.
OneRepublic tickets on sale now at www.livenation.com.
UPDATE 1-Morgan Stanley CEO says Saudi Arabia could be 'major opportunity'
June 14 Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman said Saudi Arabia could be a "major opportunity" for the firm as the country unveiled plans for oil giant Saudi Aramco's $100 billion initial public offering and introduced a series of reforms to attract foreign capital in 2015.
WASHINGTON The United States has not excluded a military response to a poison gas attack that killed scores of civilians which Washington blamed on the Syrian government, a senior administration official said on Thursday.
Asked whether the military option had been taken off the table, the official said: "No."
It is unclear how much U.S. military planning exists on striking targets associated with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government.
(Reporting by Steve Holland; Writing by Yara Bayoumy; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Den Bosch Open men's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Den Bosch Open Men's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Julien Benneteau (France) beat 7-Nicolas Mahut (France) 3-6 6-2 6-2 4-Gilles Muller (Luxembourg) beat Andreas Seppi (Italy) 7-6(5) 6-4 2-Alexander Zverev (Germany) beat Adrian Mannarino (France) 6-2 6-3 8-Aljaz Bedene (Britain) beat Ernesto Escobedo (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
Barry Fowler
Contact
CelebritySites
***@celebritysites.com CelebritySites
End
--– Barry G. Fowler, CEO of Taxation Solutions, posted a new blog on the company website entitled "," in which Mr. Fowler prepares readers for potential concern for the upcoming tax season.Fowler writes, "Summer is swiftly coming to an end. It's time to think about getting the kids back to school. And what a relief, there's been little to no thought about taxes." He continues adding, "Sure, we think about the sales tax breaks we get buying back to school items and clothing this time of year, but that's actually enjoyable.""On the other hand," says Fowler, "I think about taxes all year and I like to keep my clients up-to-date on items of interest that might affect them when tax time rolls around." He elaborates, "In the recent past we have been thinking about all the scammers and tax fraud criminals to help people try to avoid. That is still an area of concern for taxpayers. Hopefully most people now know not to fall for the fear tactics these criminals use."According to Fowler, "Now we have another issue to throw us all for a loop. And it comes directly out of the IRS. The IRS has rehired more than 200 employees who were previously involved in agency misconduct such as falsifying documents or having unauthorized access to sensitive taxpayer information."This comes as the result of an audit from the Treasury Inspector General for the Tax Administration. According to the report following the audit, "Four had cheated on their own tax returns and another four had been probed for improperly accessing taxpayer records, the website said."The entire blog can be read at http://www.taxationsolutions.net/ an-end-of-summer- troubli... Barry G. Fowler founded Taxation Solutions out of a genuine concern for the IRS issues his clients face, many of whom are self-employed, contract employees, or entrepreneurs. For his contributions to his profession and expertise in tax resolution and financial planning, Fowler has been featured as one of America's Trendsetters on CBS and Yahoo, and as a Premier Expert in Inc. Magazine. He has been instrumental in helping hundreds of people resolve complex tax issues with the IRS.Fowler is licensed to represent taxpayers before the Internal Revenue Service, and is a longstanding member of several tax industry professional organizations:NAEA, NATP, TSEA, ASTPS.
Sinn Fein policing spokesman Gerry Kelly has sought legal advice after he was filmed apparently using bolt cutters to remove a clamp from his car.
The north Belfast MLA removed the device after finding his car had been immobilised while he was at a gym in Belfast city centre on Friday morning, the party said.
Sinn Fein confirmed Mr Kelly removed a clamp from the front wheel of his car after footage emerged on social media.
The footage appears to show him kneeling down to remove the device from the vehicle's right-hand wheel, before resting it against a nearby wall.
A pair of bolt cutters appear to be lying beside the wheel.
On Saturday evening, a Sinn Fein spokesman said: "Yesterday, Friday 2 February, Gerry Kelly MLA returned to his car after an early morning gym session to find that his car had been made immobile by a clamp just after 7.20am.
"He removed the clamp from the front wheel. He left the device nearby and drove off to pre-arranged meetings.
"His solicitor is dealing with the matter and he will be making no further comment at this time."
HAIPHONG, Vietnam: During four years of compulsory rehab in Vietnam, Trung spent his drug-free days gluing together false eyelashes as part of what authorities billed as valuable ‘work therapy' for his heroin addiction.
But critics say the work of Trung and tens of thousands of others is tantamount to forced labor that rarely helps users extinguish their addiction.
Police sent Trung to a state-sponsored rehab center on the outskirts of Hanoi, one of 132 in Vietnam, where he says he faced routine beatings from guards and hours of labor for nominal pay.
“Life there, from eating, to walking, to sleeping, to working—there were no human rights at all,” explained the 50-year-old, who first began using drugs some three decades ago.
He started using again soon after his release in 2014—up to 80 percent of addicts from the centers relapse, according to official figures.
Trung's labor therapy has since been replaced by a daily shot of methadone from a government-run drop-in clinic, which he insists is the only effective treatment he's had.
Today he says he is keeping the addiction at bay, and is trying to mend ties with his only son.
Money-makers?
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 65,000 addicts cycled through the centers, usually a mix of compulsory patients sent by police with those admitted by exasperated relatives.
Sometimes they house other marginal groups—the mentally ill and disabled, the homeless, the elderly—along with addicts like Trung, who support the treatment model on paper even if they resent the abuse inside.
Most will stay for one or two years, or up to four if they are deemed unfit for release, and are subject to a range of daily labor—from farming cashews to making sportswear for Western clothing brands, which they can sometimes earn a meager salary from.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Right groups accuse officials at the centers of skimming from those salaries or pocketing boarding fees paid by some users' families, and say addicts are detained against their will.
“These are a failure in terms of drug treatment, but they're incredibly successful in terms of generating money for government functionaries who run the centers,” said Richard Pearshouse, an associate director at Human Rights Watch who authored a report about the facilities.
Though similar centers exist throughout Asia, experts say the term length and the sheer number of facilities in Vietnam set it apart.
‘Lock them away'
Conditions inside vary widely, though several overcrowded centers have experienced mass breakouts.
The government has acknowledged the need to reform the facilities and has softened drug policies, piloting community-based treatment and methadone clinics.
“Vietnamese laws and regulations are being perfected, especially when it comes to drug rehabilitation and treatment, to consider drug addicts patients,” said Le Thanh Tung, director of the Department of Social Evils Prevention in Hai Phong city.
The center houses some 500 addicts—mostly admitted by relatives—who after an initial period of cold turkey withdrawal behind padlocked doors are moved to dorm rooms.
Once clean, they are put to work sewing shoes or tending vegetable gardens and can receive vocational training as electricians or carpenters.
Many in Vietnam think the scheme is a good thing.
“Drug addicts do nothing good for the family or the community, they should be locked away,” said Ms Luong, mother of two heroin-addicted sons.
“When you have a drug addict in your house, you live in hell. I have two as such,” she told Agence France-Presse in tears.
Her sons used to pawn her furniture to fund their habit, prompting her to send one to a rehab center. She kicked the other out and hasn't seen him in years.
Like most of the 200,000 registered drug addicts in Vietnam, her sons were hooked on heroin, though methamphetamines are increasingly popular among Vietnam's youth.
No silver bullet
Several organizations are trying to roll out community-based care to allow recovering addicts to lead normal lives, and even keep steady work.
But some programs have struggled to gain traction.
“The number one obstacle for us is the lack of awareness about how complex addiction treatment is, people want to have a silver bullet,” said Oanh Khuat, executive director of the Center for Supporting Community Development Initiatives (SCDI), an NGO that promotes voluntary and community-based programs.
That approach is one that heroin addict Quan thinks could work for him.
He spent three months and nearly $900 on a voluntary program—another rehab option run by the government—hoping for better treatment he might have received at a compulsory center.
But he quickly started using again after he left.
“The rehab model in Vietnam isn't efficient,” the chain-smoking 46-year-old told Agence France-Presse.
He's home again with his family, but jobless and getting high every day.
“We see no help, nothing from the local authorities,” he said. “They have always created trouble for me, supervising me as if I was a criminal.” AFP
AFP/CC
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
EU capitals seek stronger right of veto on Chinese takeovers
It's official: Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Justin Long and Christine Taylor invite you to play dodgeball!
You have 2 choices for the charity dodgeball event of a lifetime!
Globo Gym or Average Joe's? Either way this sounds like a blast and ENTER: http://bit.ly/BenStillerPlayDodgeball
Donations benefit The Stiller Foundation, a nonprofit that supports children around the world by providing educational opportunities to help them realize their full potential.
Click here for more details.
(Adds details of release, background)
OTTAWA, April 28 Canadian producer prices rose in March for the seventh month in a row, increasing by 0.8 percent from February in part on higher prices for motorized and recreational vehicles, Statistics Canada said on Friday.
Statscan revised February's increase up to 0.3 percent from an initial 0.1 percent. Of the 21 major commodity groups, prices climbed in 20 and fell in one in March.
Prices for motorized and recreational vehicles rose by 1.2 percent, largely due to a 2.1 percent decrease in the Canadian dollar against the greenback in March. Many vehicles are priced in U.S. dollars and become more expensive when the Canadian currency declines.
Prices for primary non-ferrous metal products rose by 2.0 percent, while chemicals and chemical products posted a 1.2 percent increase.
Producer prices rose 5.1 percent in the 12 months to March, the highest year-on-year gain since the 6.0 percent recorded in November 2011.
Raw material prices fell by 1.6 percent from February on declines for crude energy products. Compared with March 2016, raw material prices advanced by 16.6 percent, largely due to higher prices for conventional crude oil.
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
UNDATED -- Most locations reached 70 degrees yesterday for the first time this year.
This was also the first \"above normal\" day for April.
(Reuters) - Canadian marijuana company Aphria Inc (APH.TO) said on Friday it agreed to sell its minority stake in U.S.-based Copperstate Farms to Liberty Health Sciences Inc (LHS.CD) for C$20 million ($16.14 million).
Boards of Aphria and Liberty have unanimously approved the deal, which is expected to close in the second quarter. (reut.rs/2nEIvHA)
Aphria has been looking to hive off its business in the United States in the face of stringent federal cannabis laws.
In Canada, however, where marijuana laws are more relaxed, the company is rapidly expanding by way of acquisitions.
On Monday, the company said it would buy rival Nuuvera Inc (NUU.V) for C$826 million, anticipating a raft of medical cannabis approvals around the world in the coming years.
($1 = 1.2389 Canadian dollars)
What is free, widely available and helps make a difference to people, families and communities?
Going to the library is one the UK's most popular activities, with over 280 million visits recorded in 2013-14.
According to York university librarian Ned Potter, over this period more people went to the library than to Premier League football matches (13.9 million), the theatre (22 million) and the cinema (165.5 million) combined.
The West Sussex Library Service runs the libraries in Bognor Regis, Chichester, Midhurst, Petworth, Selsey, Southbourne, Willowhale and the Witterings, plus a community mobile library for smaller towns and villages.
Gareth Edmunds, library manager for Chichester, Midhurst, Petworth, Selsey, Southbourne and Witterings libraries, said the service was valued by residents and county councillors.
Gareth said: “Here in West Sussex, we have maintained our libraries over recent years despite extreme financial challenges. Libraries are a vitally important service, providing community spaces, supporting literacy and wellbeing and reducing social isolation.
“A strong network of libraries keeps libraries at the forefront of information and learning in our communities.”
Today, health, reading, digital, information and learning are five key areas for all ages.
Libraries encourage and enable reading for pleasure, for example providing books for reading groups, some of whom meet up in their local libraries. Their doors are also open to children, young people and families, who learn together on a variety of subjects, such as ‘Baby rhyme time' and ‘Knit and natter'.
In addition, libraries serve as community hubs, where health and well-being partners provide valuable help and information, such as online digital access to key health information sites, and schemes such as Reading Well Books on Prescription, which helps people understand and manage their own health and wellbeing.
Libraries provide digital services and library staff, while volunteers help library customers develop digital skills. This includes free internet access to members of the library service and clear and accessible online library services such as eInformation, eBooks, eAudio books, eComics, eMagazines and eNewspapers, plus Access to Research, frequently on a 24/7 basis.
“The information service supports people with access to life-critical areas such as careers and job seeking, health, personal finance, and benefits. The information provided is carefully checked and much better than just Googling!”
The work of library staff is boosted by the support of an army of volunteers, who lend a hand on a one-off or regular basis.
Children's services volunteers support children's activities in libraries, including ‘rhyme times', ‘story times' and homework clubs.
Community library support volunteers, meanwhile, help members of the public and assist in library routines in community libraries.
There are also openings for computer buddies to help people learn the basics of using computers and the internet, either one-to-one or in groups.
Duke of Edinburgh (DofE) Award volunteers, on the other hand,can serve in a library as part of the scheme, helping customers and supporting a variety of routines.
Home library direct volunteers visit people who can no longer reach the library in their own homes or care homes; they choose, deliver and return library books and other items.
Local history volunteers help organise local studies collections, including the digitisation of photographs, and work on local history projects.
There are also openings for occasional volunteers. They can help with events, surveys and book sales, select books for care homes and promote and support the Library Service at local community events.
Reading group volunteers are also needed to run library-based reading groups or set up new reading groups in their areas.
Upcoming library events this month include a Christmas coffee morning at the Witterings Library on Thursday, December 14; a Christmas coffee afternoon at Southbourne Library on Friday, December 15; a Christmas coffee morning at Selsey Library on Tuesday December 19; and a Christmas coffee morning at Chichester Library on Thursday, December 21.
January 2018 events include an introduction to library resources for business start-ups on Saturday, January 20, at Chichester Library, featuring short ten- to 15-minute drop-in sessions between 10am and noon.
Ongoing regular activities include ‘rhyme time', ‘toddler time', ‘story time', ‘knit and natter' and reading group meetings.
Digital assistance sessions now take place at Bognor Regis and Chichester libraries; Bognor Regis library also holds monthly National Careers Service sessions.
To find out more, see www.westsussex.gov.uk/libraries/whats-on-in-libraries/
"Kölsch" is not only a beer, but also the local dialect of Cologne. In other parts of Germany, people can identify Cologners as soon as they've said three words. Songs in Kölsch contribute to expressing the feeling of "Heimat" in the city.
As part of our mini-series "Heimat 2018," DW reporter Silke Wünsch asked members of the young Cologne-based band Fiasko, a historian and a Turkish journalist to explain what the "kölsche Jeföhl" ("Gefühl" in standard German, or the "Cologne feeling") is all about.
Read more:
'Heimat 2018': What 'home' means to Munich's Hofbräuhaus regulars
'Heimat 2018': Who can feel at home in Görlitz?
We're standing on the roof of the headquarters of a huge insurance company located right by the Rhine River, giving a fantastic view across the entire city. Right next to us, there's a globe made of steel and neon lights — an artwork created by HA Schult. Illuminated in different colors at night, it has become another one of Cologne's landmarks. Right now, the globe hasn't been lit yet. As the sun sets, Cologne's panorama is immersed in golden light.
I went up there with Henning, Daniel, Dirk and René, members of the Kölsch rock band Fiasko. They started recording songs in the local dialect in 2014. Three years later, their song "Nur do" ("Nur Du" in standard German, only you) became an immediate hit.
They have a simple explanation for the huge success of their cheerful folk rock song: It expresses the feeling of "Heimat," or "home," friendship and togetherness — things that are extremely important in Cologne.
Watch video 02:04 Cologne based rock band Fiasko sings and talks about 'Heimat'
Local patriotism is infectious
Fiasko singer Daniel tells me what inspired the band to compose their song "Nur do." The musicians were searching for strong words that would express their feelings: "When we wrote this song, we were thinking about what 'Heimat' really means to us. And very quickly, we got the idea that 'Heimat' is simply a place where people can live freely and feel alright, no matter where they are." However, he found it much harder than expected to express this feeling in a song.
Guitarist Henning explains why so many Cologne-based bands deal with this topic: "In this city, it's the music that connects people. No matter where they are from, no matter whether they're tourists, refugees, or long-time residents. This type of local patriotism that's in the air everywhere seems to be felt by everybody. And that's why so many bands write songs about Cologne and the Kölsch feeling."
The Cathedral of Cologne must be in sight whenever the members of FIASKO think about their "Heimat"
Homesick for Cologne, even when you're there
Cologne has long been a city that celebrates itself through music.
One of its most famous musicians, Willi Ostermann, already sang about Cologne, his nostalgia for its cathedral and his homeland in the 1920s and 30s: "When I think of my homeland, and see the cathedral in front of me, I would like to turn in that direction, I would like to walk by foot to Cologne." Cologners still sing this song to this day, ideally with as many people as possible, right in the middle of the city they feel nostalgic for.
From Carnival costumes to the red-white scarves worn by fans of Cologne's soccer team, the 1. FC Köln, along with singing with a bunch of people the classic "En unserem Veedel" (Kölsch for "in our neighborhood"): These are all things that contribute to making you feel part of Cologne. But is that actual meaning of "Heimat"?
A regional definition of 'Heimat'
Historian Carl Dietmar has been researching the city's history for years. He moved here in 1969, and some 50 years later he still manages to explore the "Cologne way of life" with fresh eyes. He has observed that getting together with like-minded people plays an important role in the Kölsch feeling of home.
That's why Dietmar believes "Heimat" should be defined in different ways according to regions. In his view, the "Heimat" feeling in Cologne differs sharply from the one experienced by Bavarians — an information that Dietmar feels should be transmitted to the Bavarian politician Horst Seehofer, who will be Germany's first federal Heimat minister.
Read more: A deeper look at Germany's new Interior and Heimat Ministry
For outsiders, it's easy to understand why Bavarians love their beautiful landscapes. But when it comes to Cologners, one may wonder why they love their ugly city so passionately. The answer to that question is typically Kölsch: "Cologne is not a beauty. It's a feeling!"
Historian Carl Dietmar moved to Cologne almost 50 years ago
Trying to find out why Cologners are so fixated on their city, Carl Dietmar has developed his own theory that has something to do with the city's history: "Until 1907, Cologne was Germany's biggest fortress. The city was surrounded by a wall. There were only 20 gates through which people could enter or leave the city. Once outside, you had to walk roughly 70 meters through a military zone guarded by soldiers. And that's why, already back then, Cologne residents preferred to simply stay at home," says Dietmar, adding with a wink that it's just a theory. Still he believes that "Nowhere else are people so proud of their city."
Read more: Patriotic term 'Heimat' driving new German 'identity politics'
Perfectly integrated
In a little street called Weidengasse near the old district of Eigelstein, where many Turks live, I meet journalist and author Baha Güngör.
The Istanbul-born author grew up in the Rhineland and studied journalism and became the first Turk to work for a German newspaper. In 1976, when Turks were still called "guest workers," he moved to Cologne, where he discovered the Weidengasse. Back then, a young Turk who was able to communicate perfectly well in German and Turkish was still a rare phenomenon. He quickly made friends, and that's something he still appreciates about Cologne.
Baha Güngör is a passionate fan of the 1. FC Köln
Due to job changes, he also spent some time in other cities in the Rhineland, including Bonn. But he is now is moving back to Cologne, and he's looking forward to it.
I ask him how it feels to see the city's cathedral again after a long time: "Oh, I have often missed the cathedral. I used to go there often to light a candle for Cologne's soccer team." When he saw the cathedral for the first time as a child, he was afraid of this extremely tall dark building — until his grandmother told him that it was "a mosque for Christians." "And that's what the cathedral means to me to this day," Güngör adds.
Between homeland and home
For Güngör, the "Kölsch feeling" definitely has something to do with the 1. FC Köln. Like other Cologners, he celebrates its success, and suffers when they have lost a game. Right now, the team seems to be losing quite often. But Güngör is convinced that it will rise again: "That's what always happened in Cologne's history. Over and over again, the city was occupied by foreign powers, including France and Prussia. With their typical stoicism, the Cologners always said 'It all turned out well after all.'"
Güngör is now working on a new book that tries to differentiate between "Heimat," as a homeland, and "Zuhause," one's home: "To me, Cologne and the Rhineland are my home and I love living here. But when I think of my 'Heimat,' then I think of Istanbul. It's a multicultural city just like Cologne."
Unlimited optimism, a high degree of tolerance and an indestructible feeling of togetherness would be quite incompatible with a conservative way of thinking. But at the same time, young Cologne bands singing "There aren't any words to say what I feel when I think of Cologne," or "My compass always shows me the way to Cologne," don't seem to have any problems with using the term "Heimat."
Fiasko guitarist Henning believes the term has nothing to do with being conservative: "The word awakens things in people's minds. How each one defines it, is up to them."
The Latin Podcast Awards has geared up for the 2018 competition, announcing eight new nominees for the 2018 season. Nominations will remain open through summer, and sponsorship opportunities are available.
LPA Nominado 2018 Yellow
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* LatinX
* Hispanics
* US Industry:
* Media Location:
* Alabama - US Subject:
* Awards
Contact
Felix A. Montelara
***@latinpodcastawards.com Felix A. Montelara
End
-- Felix A. Montelara, founder of Audio Dice Network, presents the Latin Podcast Awards (LPA) competition 2018. The LPA is the only world-wide LatinX digital audio competition awards honoring Spanish and English language podcasts. As part of the process, content producers and podcast fans are able to nominate LatinX podcasts at LatinPodcastAwards.com. The most influential LatinX digital, on-demand audio content creators will prove podcasting is a force for the future.Podcasting is growing in popularity among Spanish speakers from the United States and around the world. The LPA is proud to welcome LPA 2018 nominees from the United States, Dominican Republic, Mexico, Switzerland and from other countries in this international event.The LPA 2018 nominees are now vying for category awards, country awards, one international award, and the coveted "Latin Podcast Award of the Year 2018."A panel of international judges, who are themselves podcast content producers, have been assembled to select winners by their respective categories and countries awards. This panel of international judges will also select the winner of the international award. The judges are tasked to select the finalists and eventual winner of the coveted Latin Podcast Award of the Year 2018.The winners of their respective categories and countries, along with the international award and the Latin Podcast Award of the Year award will receive a "Microphone Statue" (Trophy) to display to the world and most importantly their listeners.The Latin Podcast Awards 2018, proudly presents the first round of nominees· NotiPod Hoy- By Melvin Rivera- United States· Azul Chiclamino - La Realidad de lo Absurdo- By Rodrigo Llop- Mexico· Bacteriófagos-By Carmela García- Switzerland· Te Invito un Café- By Robert Sasuke- Dominican Republic· AFROSAYA Podcast- By Alejandro Gutierrez- United States· BalamComic- By Fransisco Balam Zapata- Mexico· ¿Ya lo Sabias?- By H. Adrian Contreras Ramirez- Mexico· Vivir en Armonía- By Jeymi Febles- Dominican RepublicAbout fsbdt Audio Dice Network:Audio Dice is a digital audio network catering to Spanish and English listeners. Audio Dice Network serves the Ibero-American mainstream of podcast listeners and is based out of the United States, but influences the world. Audio Dice Network is a division of the Potential Millionaire Media Group (PMMG), a leading media company serving LatinX via a collection of independent podcasts from around the world. Audio Dice delivers digital audio content which caters to the audience's shared values and passion for all genres of podcasting. Please feel free to contact Audiodice.net.About Latin Podcast Awards"Honors the efforts and achievements of Independent Podcasters."The Latin Podcast Awards will honor the independent podcaster. We will also celebrate the contributions made by other Latin and Non-Latin members of the podcasting community who have made a significant contribution to the Latin podcast industry.According to a 2016 survey of Latino adults by Pew Research Center, for years TV was the most commonly used platform for news among U.S. Hispanics. In recent years, however, the share of Latinos receiving their news from TV has declined, from 92% in 2006 to 79% in 2016. Meanwhile, 74% of Hispanics said in 2016 that they used the internet – including social media or smartphone apps – as a source of news on a typical weekday, up from 37% in 2006.*The 2018 Infinite Dial Study by Edison Research and Triton Digitalunveils the latest research in digital audio, social media, mobile, smart speakers, and podcast consumption.The two most talked-about sectors in audio today – podcasting and Smart Speakers – post significant gains in this year's Infinite Dial study from Edison Research and Triton Digital.Podcasting continues to steadily grow, as 44% of Americans 12+ now say they have listened to a podcast, up from 40% from last year. Podcasting's in-car gains continue as well: a year ago, 18% of podcast listeners described the car as the place they most often listened to podcasts; this year, that number is 22%.
- As noted, Dolph Ziggler took over Cricket Wireless' Facebook page today to offer Valentine's Day advice to fans. You can watch his tips in the video above.
CBS Sports has a story here about Washington Nationals right fielder Bryce Harper attending last night's RAW.
- There is apparently more to the awkward Emma segment on last night's RAW. Pro Wrestling Sheet reports that there were big plans for the Emmaline character, however they were nixed after multiple rehearsals when producers felt that she wasn't able to pull off what they were looking to accomplish. WWE apparently wanted her to be "a throwback to characters like Sable and The Kat," however officials felt that she wasn't committing enough to the character and finally decided to have her revert to her old heel gimmick.
Emma made a short appearance as Emmalina on last night's RAW before she teased another makeover from Emmalina back to Emma and left, as seen below:
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Donald Tusk, the President of the European Council speaks to the media after hearings at the Prosecutor's office in Warsaw, Poland April 19, 2017. Agencja Gazeta/Przemek Wierzchowski via REUTERS
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan attends an interview with Reuters at the Presidential Palace in Ankara, Turkey, April 25, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
BRUSSELS European Council President Donald Tusk will seek talks with Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan at a NATO summit in Brussels on May 25th, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Saturday.
Merkel said Tusk, who chairs EU summits, very briefly discussed Turkey with 27 EU leaders meeting in Brussels on Saturday to discuss Brexit.
"He told us that he will seek, perhaps also with Jean-Claude Juncker, talks with Erdoğan during the NATO summit," Merkel told a news conference, referring also to Commission President Juncker.
NATO is due to hold a leaders summit at its Brussels headquarters on May 25, which U.S. President Donald Trump is also due to attend.
Worried by what the European Union sees as growing authoritarianism, EU lawmakers called this week for a formal suspension of Turkey's long-stalled EU bid.
France and Germany sought on Friday a new deal with Turkey on Friday to repair relations but would not say whether the Turkish leader's new powers and his crackdown on opponents had ended the country's EU ambitions.
(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop)
(Adds details)
By Silvio Cascione
BRASILIA, March 31 Brazil's jobless rate rose more than expected in February to a new record high, government data showed on Friday, with 13.5 million unemployed by the country's worst recession ever.
The unemployment rate rose to 13.2 percent in the three months through February, statistics agency IBGE said, above market expectations in a Reuters poll of economists for an increase to 13.1 percent.
The unemployment rate is the highest in the current data series started in 2012, IBGE said, up from 12.6 percent in the three months through January.
Unemployment rose despite a small improvement in job creation in February. A separate government report earlier this month showed 35,612 payroll jobs were open in February, in the first month of job creation since March 2015.
Economic activity, however, disappointed in January as retail sales and services activity fell more than expected, central bank data showed on Friday.
The International Labor Organization in a January report forecast Brazil would shed an additional 1.2 million jobs this year, more than a third of all job losses in the world.
Average wages discounted for inflation remained unchanged from a year earlier at 2,068 reais ($655.03) a month.
The number of unemployed people surged 30.6 percent from a year earlier, IBGE said.
($1 = 3.1571 reais) (Editing by Bernadette Baum)
Art Souterrain is a non-profit organization that began in 2009 with the idea of showcasing international contemporary art institutions, artists, and the architectural and cultural heritage of downtown Montreal's underground city.
Originally an extension of Nuit Blanche, this year's Art Souterrain will exhibit 94 different local and international artists' work in public spaces around the downtown core, mostly in the underground walkways and buildings. The idea is to have art on display for all to see, bringing the exhibits out of the traditional art galleries. This year's theme is Latin Labour Improbus, ironically exhibiting work in art in places where those commuting to work will pass by. The chosen locations of these exhibits will have more than 300,000 individuals passing by during the exhibition, making it hard to not reflect on the work as it relates to them.
Art Souterrain runs from March 3-25, with exhibits on display the whole time and special events running throughout the run . From sculptures to videos and photography, there is a lot to see.
Here are some of the things to check out if you are able to make the trip.
Marc-Antoine Côté
Québec City artist Marc-Antoine Côté's sculptural work raises questions about how we perceive the physical world, the unknown and the unfathomable. His large sculpture located inside the Centre de Commerce Mondial de Montréal is made from 1,150 lbs. of material welded together with tiny strips of aluminum. The piece was done alone and took many hours to complete. The exhausting and repetitive work pushed the artist's body. On its own, the large object obstructing people's path inside the building seems inept, useless and unproductive, when in fact it evokes curiosity which leads to inspection, an understanding and then contemplation.
“It is akin to a mountain: a mountain of labour”
***
Alexandre Nunes
As a part of of of Art Souterrain's Midi Express special events, we had a representative from the festival on site to explain to people the art and its meanings. We visited the work by Alexandre Nunes which was also in the Centre de Commerce Mondial de Montréal.
Alexandre Nunes is a Portuguese-born Canadian sculptor whose art examines the appropriation and alteration of objects. His work is often found objects that can be interacted with by the public.
Punch is an old punch clock for work time cards that is on display in a space surrounded by offices. One is invited to punch a card though the time is no longer added, instead a message.
“Alexander Nunes' sculptures are always objects in waiting: Beyond their aesthetic merits, their purpose is to establish contact with the public and offer them a different take on reality; but without the spectator's physical participation, the work remains mute and retains its secret.”
***
Martin Parr
A British photographer who is inspired by advertising and the images that appear around us from day to day.
“Through critique, seductiveness, and humour, Parr's photographs explore the themes of leisure, consumption, and communication by attacking the symbols of our contemporary society.”
His show at Art Souterrain is called “Life is a Beach” and although they seem like regular pictures of those on holiday break from their work, Parr describes mass tourism and “unbalanced economic relations between North and South while his images tell with humour the simple shared pleasure of swimming and idling.”
***
Jan Banning
Probably my favourite thing at Art Souterrain was by a dutch photographer with a focus on the power of government and the abuse in it that takes place. In this series of photographs entitled “Bureaucratics”, the artist visits government offices around the world to photograph agents at work. Bolivia, Chine, Russia, USA, France, Yemen and many more countries were visited and show both the similarities and difference these government workers' spaces have.
By closely inspecting the photos and the object within them, one can find the details that offer “insight into th country, social status and identity of the employee.”
***
Looking to see some Toronto artists while visiting the festival? Check out these four locals who are featured in 2018.
Toronto Artists in Art Souterrain
· Carol Condé & Karl Beveridge – displaying a catalogue of photographs titled, Public Affairs
· Kelly Mark – displaying photographs in a piece titled, The Kiss
· Johannes Zits – personifying Atlas in a performance piece
· Naomi Dodds – displaying an installation titled, Bridge 2
The construction chemicals market is a fragmented market with several companies spread across the length and breadth of the globe. Key market players are entering into critical distributor partnerships with local players to strengthen market share. A new report added by Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) presents detailed forecasts of the global construction chemicals market for the period 2017 to 2027 and throws light on the different dynamics likely to impact revenue growth of the market during the study period. This report also extensively studies the strategies adopted by the top market companies to increase their growth in the worldwide market. The market analysis presented in the report indicates that the burgeoning development in infrastructure projects across several regions along with governmental support to improve public utility services are the main factors likely to boost revenue growth of the construction chemicals market in developing economies during the forecast period.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3904
Global Construction Chemicals Market: Report Inclusions & Research Methodology
The report studies the global market for construction chemicals in depth and highlights the revenue generated post the sale of chemicals used in construction activities such as waterproofing chemicals, concrete admixture, and protective coatings across various countries. The report also includes information on the global market value chain, profitability and cost structure, pricing analysis, and other market dynamics. Macro-economic indicators including gross domestic product, per capita construction expenditure, per capita income, global consumption of cement, and overall growth of the construction industry have been considered to arrive at the market estimates. The global market revenue has been estimated basis the demand for construction chemicals across the assessed regions. Pricing trends have been arrived at after obtaining average pricing per region from manufacturers, distributors, and suppliers of construction chemicals spread across the globe.
Global Construction Chemicals Market: Segmentation
In the report, the global market for construction chemicals is categorized into product type (Protective Coating, Asphalt Additives, Concrete Admixture, Adhesives & Sealants, Water Proofing Chemicals); application (Infrastructure, Commercial & Industrial, Residential); and region (APEJ, Japan, MEA, Latin America, Eastern Europe, North America, Western Europe). The report provides information on key developments and trends, historical and current market size and volume analysis, as well as market attractiveness analysis for the different segments. Impact analysis of the different market forces has also been provided for the assessed regional markets. A comprehensive list of all the stakeholders in the regional construction chemicals markets is also included in the report.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/construction-chemicals-market
Global Construction Chemicals Market: Vendor Insights
There is a dedicated section in the report featuring the competitive landscape of the global construction chemicals market. Information such as business and company details, key company financials, recent developments by the companies in the global construction chemicals market, and inputs on the USPs of the different companies along with a comprehensive SWOT analysis is the highlight of this detailed market report. Some of the companies having a global presence in the construction chemicals market that have been profiled in the report are Guangzhou Jointas Chemical Co., Ltd., Momentive Performance Materials, Huntsman Corporation, Wacker Chemie AG, The 3M COMPANY, Lanxess AG, HB Fuller Company, Henkel AG & Co. KGaA, Covestro AG, Pidilite Industries, Fosroc, Arkema SA, Akzo Nobel NV, MAPEI, Ashland Inc., RPM International Inc., The Dow Chemical Company, SIKA AG, GCP Applied Technologies, and BASF SE.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3904
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ – Privacy Policy
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Anshu Jain joins Cantor Fitzgerald as president amid growth push
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
JOHANNESBURG (AP) — It will be a first for Zimbabwe's voters: The name of Robert Mugabe won't be on the ballot when elections are held on July 30. But the military-backed system that kept the former leader in power for decades, and then pushed him out, is still in control.
That is the conundrum facing a southern African country anxious to shed its image as an international pariah, and to draw the foreign aid and investment needed for an economic revival. The government promises a free and fair vote and the military, whose 2017 takeover led to Mugabe's resignation, says it won't stray from the barracks.
Some Zimbabweans, though, wonder how much things have really changed.
They ask whether a political establishment accused of vote-rigging and state-sponsored violence over a generation would accept an election outcome — that is, an opposition victory — that might damage its interests or even expose it to prosecution for alleged human rights abuses. The military's economic interests include the alleged involvement of security forces in Zimbabwe's diamond-mining sector, which Mugabe himself once said had been plundered of billions of dollars in revenue.
Advertisement
Then there is the uneasy legacy of the military's November takeover. It sent euphoric Zimbabweans into the streets to celebrate and was later described as a coup by Mugabe, who quit as impeachment proceedings loomed in parliament. The military intervention was mostly peaceful and tacitly supported by other countries, but critics compared it to letting a genie out of the bottle: Once the military steps brazenly into politics, why wouldn't it do so again?
"Do you believe that people would risk their lives to carry out a coup, only to hand over power six months later to some unknown person?" Dewa Mavhinga, regional director for Human Rights Watch, asked at a recent forum on Zimbabwe in Johannesburg.
In this scenario, the "unknown person" would be Nelson Chamisa, the new leader of the MDC opposition party whose members were brutalized by ruling ZANU-PF party supporters during violent, fraud-tainted elections in 2008.
The establishment's man is President Emmerson Mnangagwa, a former vice president and Mugabe ally who rewarded the military's support with key Cabinet positions for former generals. Mnangagwa, who survived a deadly grenade attack at a campaign rally on June 23, says this election won't be like those under the 94-year-old Mugabe, who had led Zimbabwe since independence from white minority rule in 1980.
Some things are very different. A record 23 presidential candidates and 128 political parties will participate; there are more than five million registered voters. Western monitors, banned during the Mugabe era, are invited; concerned about military involvement, some are urging senior officers to pledge loyalty now to the election winner, regardless of who it is.
The opposition has held rallies without interference from a police force once quick to break up gatherings of government opponents.
But the idea of accountability for past crimes by suspected state agents has no traction under Mnangagwa, himself linked to the killings of thousands of people in the Matabeleland opposition area in the 1980s. And on Monday, the MDC's chief election agent, Jameson Timba, said the state election commission had failed to provide an accurate voters' roll and was trying to manipulate the vote.
"We are sure Zimbabweans will not be railroaded into a sham election," Timba said.
Zimbabweans don't need to worry about the military, said Vice President Constantino Chiwenga, who was military commander in November when soldiers and tanks deployed in Harare, the capital. The military intervened to back a ruling party faction loyal to Mnangagwa, who had been fired as Mugabe's deputy, in a feud with a group associated with Mugabe's politically ambitious wife, Grace.
"There will not be a recurrence, let me assure you," Chiwenga said last week, according to Zimbabwe's NewsDay newspaper. "We had created a situation which was bad for ourselves and that will not happen again."
The military on Wednesday told reporters it would have no direct role in the election, except for helping police with law and order and helping the election commission with transport logistics, which could prove contentious with the opposition.
The military also denied reports that it has deployed soldiers to campaign for the ruling party.
For many Zimbabweans, the grenade attack on Mnangagwa's campaign rally in Bulawayo last month highlights the country's political tensions.
The blast killed two security agents and injured dozens of other people, including high-ranking officials, in what the government said was an attempt to assassinate Mnangagwa. Unscathed, the president said the election would proceed as planned and blamed the ruling party faction linked to Grace Mugabe, who is no longer considered a political player.
Tendai Biti, a former finance minister and MDC supporter, said the attack reflected a tendency in Zimbabwe to settle political scores through extra-constitutional means. The same was true for the military takeover in November — an act that never got the scrutiny it deserved, he said.
"We sank our heads in the sand," Biti said last week in Johannesburg. "We didn't ask the tough questions."
___
Associated Press writer Farai Mutsaka contributed from Harare, Zimbabwe.
___
Follow Christopher Torchia on Twitter at www.twitter.com/torchiachris
CANBERRA, Australia (AP) " The Australian government has reached a settlement of around 90 million Australian dollars ($68 million) with more than 1,900 asylum seekers who sued over their treatment at an immigration camp in Papua New Guinea, a minister and lawyers said on Wednesday.
Australia refuses to resettle asylum seekers who arrive by boat and pays the impoverished Pacific island nations of Papua New Guinea and Nauru to keep hundreds of them from the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
A trial by 1,905 asylum seekers currently or formerly kept at camp at Manus Island in Papua New Guinea was to begin Wednesday in the Victoria state Supreme Court and was scheduled to take six months. The asylum seekers were seeking damages for alleged physical and psychological injuries they say they suffered as a result of the conditions on Manus Island, as well as for false imprisonment following a Papua New Guinea court ruling that their detention was unconstitutional.
The camps on Manus and Nauru were once detention centers, but asylum seekers are now allowed outside the fences.
Advertisement
Their lawyer David Curtain told the court they reached a settlement with the Australian government and the operators of the male-only Manus Island camp, G4S Australia and Broadspectrum.
The government and operators deny liability as part of the settlement and agreed to pay AU$70 million plus the cost of three years of legal work behind the case, asylum seeker lawyer Rory Walsh said.
Walsh said he did not know how much the government would pay.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said he expected the asylum seekers' costs would add another AU$20 million to the government's bill.
"An anticipated six-month legal battle for this case would have cost tens of millions of dollars in legal fees alone with an unknown outcome," Dutton said in a statement. "In such circumstances, a settlement was considered a prudent outcome for Australian taxpayers."
Asylum seeker lawyer Andrew Baker said the money would be distributed according to how long asylum seekers had spent on Manus and what they had endured.
"This settlement is an important step toward recognizing the extremely hostile conditions the detainees endured at Manus Island," Baker said.
He said "no amount of money will be able to fully recognize the terrible conditions this detainee have had to endure."
Baker said Iranian asylum seeker Reza Berati was killed and another 69 asylum seekers injured during a riot in the Manus camp in 2014 involving staff, police and Manus locals. Another two asylum seekers had died from medical complications and at least one of those would have survived with appropriate and timely treatment, Baker said.
The United States is considering resettling up to 1,250 refugees from Manus Island and Nauru under a deal struck between Australia and President Barack Obama's administration.
The Manus camp was scheduled to close by October, Baker said.
A fireman who rescued nine people from Grenfell Tower has said that criticism of his colleagues is unfair as they "risked their own lives to save others".
Survivors have said that the brigade's 'stay put' advice to residents, which remained for almost two hours after the first emergency call despite flames engulfing the building, contributed to the loss of 72 lives as a result of the fire.
The public inquiry has this week heard anger from families about why their loved ones were not rescued, but Aldo Diana, 55, has said that those on the scene worked as hard as they could and put their own lives in danger to help others.
Diana, who managed a crew of four on the night, said that it was the biggest blaze he had ever seen in his 26 years as a firefighter and it "didn't seem real", the Daily Telegraph reports.
Advertisement
When asked whether the criticism that it was not the finest hour for London Fire Brigade was fair, Diana said that he would have liked to take inside with him the people who thought that.
"I think that the London Fire Brigade from Danny Cotton, the commissioner, all the way down to some of the new guys who have just joined, I think everybody worked damn hard that night," he said.
"Firefighters like myself and many other firefighters that night went into the building and risked their own lives to save others."
Diana, who rescued nine people and carried one survivor down at least 13 floors, added: "We did what we could that night, the fire service and everybody else worked as hard as they could that night. Some of the guys I went in twice on that night and I know guys who went in three times.
"When you are trying to wear a breathing apparatus set, full gear, you're drained from the first. I went up and down those stairs six times. Up and down halfway up that building six times."
His comments come a day after Paulos Tekle, whose 5-year-old son Isaac Paulos died as they tried to escape, told the public inquiry that if he "had not listened to the fire brigade my son would likely be alive today".
Diana said that he was one of the later crews to arrive, after 2am, and therefore did not know anything about the 'stay put' policy.
"I was there as a firefighter to save life, so I can't answer that stay put advice," he told BBC Radio 4's Today.
#GrenfellTower firefighter Aldo Diana, from Kent, was 4 months from retirement when he was called to the blaze. He rescued 3 people and helped 6 more to safety. Aldo says "I'm not a hero", and wouldn't think twice about doing it again. My report @bbcsoutheast 6.30pm BBC One pic.twitter.com/EBpgbAIPkJ — Charlie Rose (@mrcharlierose) May 30, 2018
He said that he also could not answer whether the advice needed to change in other tower block fires, but noted that in his experience: "Fires don't spread the way that that did".
"This fire was totally different to anything that I have been in, fire's don't spread the way that this one did, normally they are contained in the one room or the one flat that they start in they may go to a flat one above or one flat to the left or right," he said.
"But never in the 26 years I have been in has a fire jumped or gone round the building such as this one did. So people are generally, 99pc of the time, safe."
It was announced today that around round 4000 doors on homes in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, where the fire took place, are set to be replaced with ones which are fire-resistant for 30 minutes, the time stipulated in the current Building Regulation standards.
Final day of emotional Grenfell Tower tributes as inquiry moves to next stagehttps://t.co/y5vprHBFeT pic.twitter.com/N3NvggKXsT — ITV News (@itvnews) May 30, 2018
In March, it was revealed that an undamaged door from the Grenfell tower block was tested and found it could only withstand a blaze for 15 minutes - not the 30 for which it was designed.
Plans for the £3.5 million project will be discussed next week. The authority said the doors it would be replacing are "not necessarily deficient" in terms of fire risk assessments.
It added: "This is not currently a legislative requirement, but this may change following the completion of the current building regulations review."
Meanwhile, a report has found that voluntary organisations filled the void left by a lack of official direction in the wake of the disaster.
The report, Mind The Gap: A Review Of The Voluntary Sector Response To The Grenfell Tragedy, found that many voluntary organisations stepped up to the challenge of meeting the needs of the community where the statutory authorities fell short, particularly in the early stages.
Stephen Hawking may have been misdiagnosed and actually a victim of polio, a US medical expert has suggested.
Christopher B Cooper, Professor Emeritus of Medicine and Physiology at the University of California, Los Angeles, said the probability the physicist's famously debilitating condition was in fact amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) was "low".
He said Hawking's relatively young age of diagnosis, 21, and his 55-year period of survival does "not match our understanding of ALS".
In a letter to the Financial Times, the medic argued it is more likely Hawking's neurological and motor system impairment was caused by poliomylitis, of which there were epidemics in both America and Europe in 1916 and 1952.
Advertisement
"Perhaps Hawking was unlucky to contract poliomyelitis or a similar viral infection a few years later in 1963," he said.
The pioneering theoretical physicist, who died last Wednesday aged 76, was equally famous for being completely dependent on a wheelchair for movement and a computerised voice system for communication as for his theories on the origins of the universe.
His long illness confounded doctors, who gave him just two years to live upon being diagnosed in 1963, the Telegraph reported.
Stephen Hawking was diagnosed with ALS in 1963. Photo / AP
"Typically, its [ALS's] onset is in the later years of life," wrote Professor Cooper.
"Usually, it is relentlessly progressive and the median survival from the time of diagnosis is around three years with fewer than 20 per cent of ALS patients surviving longer than 10 years."
Polio is a serious viral infection which was common in the UK until routine vaccination was introduced in the mid-1950s.
Last week it was revealed Hawking completed a final theory before he died which laid the mathematical groundwork for the detection of multiple universes, or a "multiverse".
The existence of multiple big bangs was a troubling implication of his 1983 "no-boundary" theory.
Last week colleagues suggested new paper could enable a spaceship to detect radiation traces from multiple big bangs.
The sale of an iconic Belfast building represents a significant development with Brexit looming large, says the solicitor who brokered the deal.
The landmark Victorian-era Cleaver House at the corner of Donegall Place and Donegall Square North – once occupied by the famous Robinson and Cleaver department store – has been sold to Dublin firm Furlong Construction for just over £16m.
They plan to rent out the units within the building. Some ground floor units are occupied – including the newly opened Cafe Parisien – and will be unaffected by the sale. Other units higher in the building are understood to be earmarked for offices.
Robert Sinclair, managing partner of Robert G Sinclair solicitors who facilitated the sale, said: “The sale is part of a number of large commercial transactions that we're working on. It's an iconic building, probably the nicest in Belfast.”
Mr Sinclair added: “There's obviously the worry with Brexit and how it will affect things but that's why it's so interesting to see a southern company invest in Northern Ireland.
“It's maybe a sign of things to come because property here in Belfast is so much cheaper than it is in Dublin.
“There is an opportunity for far-sighted investors in the south to invest in NI.”
• Morning View, page 10
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Raízen set to win auction for two sugar mills in Brazil - creditor
São Paulo, June 14 Brazil's Raízen Energia SA, the world's largest sugar maker, is set to win on Friday a judicial auction of two sugar mills owned by Tonon Bioenergia SA, having made the highest bid, a manager at a group of cane producers which is a strategic creditor of Tonon told Reuters on Wednesday.
By Izuchukwu Okosi: Former Nigeria defender, Isaac Semitoje, has warned that a very focused defence line by would be key to Super Eagles' victory against Zambia in Saturday's decisive 2018 World Cup qualifier at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium Uyo, reports Completesportsnigeria.com.‎
Gernot Rohr's team will clinch Group B ticket with a win against the Zambians. Super Eagles won the corresponding fixture 2-1 in Ndola last year.
“The defenders must be wary of the pacy Zambians. I hope they remain focused all through the match,' Semitoje told Completesportsnigeria.com.‎
“Staying disciplined is key to getting the three points tomorrow (Saturday).
“But our players should know that this match is the most important match for the country .
“It” is about winning, and again the first goal is important. We should not let them score first. Good luck to the team,” the onetime Iwuanyanwu Nationale centre-back added.
REVERSE ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION Within 3Days And Make Her Happy Again!! Guaranteed!!! All NATURAL! No Side-Effects! Click Here!now.
Uncover how I make $750 weekly on Facebook using never been revealed Social Media tools.
Getty Images Customers use a Wells Fargo ATM at one of their bank branches in Miami.
The Federal Reserve on Friday announced it was forcing Wells Fargo to oust board members and limit its growth, responding to a wave of abuses at the San Francisco giant that include opening accounts for customers who didn't request them.
In the last major move of Chairwoman Janet Yellen's reign at the central bank, the Fed said it won't let Wells Fargo WFC, -2.20% add assets beyond the level of the end of 2017 until it improves governance and controls. Wells Fargo ended 2017 with $1.95 trillion in assets.
Wells Fargo will be able to continue current activities including accepting customer deposits or making consumer loans, the Fed said.
“We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again,” Yellen said in a statement. “The enforcement action we are taking today will ensure that Wells Fargo will not expand until it is able to do so safely and with the protections needed to manage all of its risks and protect its customers.”
The asset cap is unprecedented, according to Federal Reserve officials.
Federal Reserve officials didn't say it was specifically planned for Yellen's last day — and they said the bank agreed to the terms on Friday afternoon.
The Fed cited not only the millions of customer accounts Wells Fargo opened without authorization but also more recent revelations that the bank charged hundreds of thousands of borrowers for unneeded guaranteed auto protection or collateral protection insurance for their automobiles.
Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year, the Fed said. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat, had requested the Fed oust Wells Fargo board members. The Fed didn't identify which board members will have to leave.
The Fed also singled out Stephen Sanger, the former lead independent director, and former CEO John Stumpf with letters excoriating them for the abuses.
The vote for the sanctions was 3-0, with the incoming chairman, Jerome Powell, joining Yellen and Gov. Lael Brainard. The new vice chairman for regulation, Randal Quarles, abstained.
Quarles previously said he would recuse himself from Wells Fargo matters because he and his family previously had a financial interest in the bank.
In after-hours trade late Friday, Wells Fargo shares dropped over 5%.
Ath Samdeepan is a natural solution for digestion related complications. An effective Ayurvedic remedy which helps you correct them at root cause level without any side effects.
Contact
Ath Ayurdhamah Ayurvedic Clinic
***@athayurdhamah.com Ath Ayurdhamah Ayurvedic Clinic
End
--constipation, abdominal pain, diarrhoea, flatulence etc. Ath Samdeepan is an efficacious herbal formulation prepared from an array of authentic, potent and safe herbs that can effectively be used for the treatment of IBS without any side-effects.Ath Ayurdhamah provides high-quality bio-formulations for the ayurvedic treatment of IBS. The organization offers herbal formulations that are prepared from high-quality herbs with potent properties that help in treating an array of diseases such as autoimmune diseases, anaemia, liver cirrhosis, constipation, eczema, back pain, fistula, dandruff, osteoarthritis, female infertility, insomnia, gout, jaundice, migraine, hypertension, menstrual disorder and Irritable Bowel Syndrome.Ath Samdeepan is an efficacious herbal formulation provided by the illustrious Ayurvedic practitioner Dr. Parmeshwar Arora. It is a natural herbal remedy for the complications related to digestion and helps in solving the problem completely without any harmful side effects. When enquired about the effectiveness of the herb in the treatment of IBS, The founder of the organization, Dr. Parmeshwar Arora stated, "The Irritable Bowel Syndrome is the gastrointestinal disorder that affects the colon and the large intestine. It is a chronic disorder and many people are suffering from this condition all over India. About 2.4 to 3.5 million India people suffer from this problem across the country. More than three fourth of the people suffering from mild IBS do not visit the doctor and is thereby contributing to its growth. Chronic fatigue, anxiety and stress are related to this disease."He continued saying, "This chronic disorder can be diagnosed from an array of symptoms that includes bloated feeling, cramping or abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhoea, flatulence or gas formation, mucus in stool etc. This condition can be treated with the help of natural herbs. One such effective herb is Aath Samdeepan which is safe, potent and aids in the treatment of IBS and other related digestive problems like colitis, without side-effects. Other than this herb, there are other herbs and fruits like bel, saunf, kutaj, makoy, chiraita, chitrak, nagarmotha etc. that are effective for IBS treatment."He concluded by saying "In our high-quality plants, we prepare bio-formulations from the powerful, authentic, potent and handpicked herbs after adopting stringent quality measures to make sure our herbal products are pure, genuine, safe and effective for the treatment of various kinds of disorders and diseases.'Ath Samdeepan is available in capsule form for Irritable Bowel Syndrome treatment. Patients suffering from this disorder need to take two capsules at a time after breakfast, before dinner and lunch for a period of 3 months or based on the severity of the disorder. In the case of an acute condition of IBS, patients can take formulations of other herbs along with this. The names of the herbs are Kutja Risht and Chitrakadi vati. The recommended dosage of Kutja Risht is 4 teaspoons with an equal amount of water which is to be taken after dinner and lunch. 2 tabs of chitrakadi vati each is to be taken after lunch and dinner.Ath Ayurdham is a prestigious organization that has provided an array of efficacious, tested and approved herbal formulations for decades. The ayurvedic formations offered by this organization are prepared after extensive scientific research and by strict quality control and standardized approach. The bio-formulations of this company have been successful in aiding in the treatment of a multitude of diseases and disorders such as anorexia, asthma, cervical spondylosis, gout, fistula, jaundice, constipation, eczema, hair fall, osteoarthritis, hepatitis C, depression, etc. The founder of Ath Ayurdhamah, Dr. Parmeshwar Arora owns three Panchkura Centres, as well as clinics across Gurgaon. The ayurvedic activities and treatments of this organization are performed in the esteemed Sir Gangaram Hospital in Delhi. They make use of strict quality measures for preparing the herbal based formulations of top-grade quality, safety, purity, and efficacy. The herbs, minerals, and oils needed for these formulations are selected carefully for maintaining unmatched quality control.Ath Ayurdham344, Vardhman Plus City Mall,Sector - 23, Dwarka,New Delhi - 110075IndiaPh: +91 81301 41116Email: inquiry@athayurdhamah.com Website: http://www.athayurdhamah.com/ remedies/samdeepan- web
Aviation analytics is a computational methodology, which provides statistical information of historical flights, weather forecast, real-time flight data, and historical airport operational data to the end users. Aviation analytics helps organizations to develop analytical solution in order to cater future demand such as needs of customer. Increasing emphasis over analytics solutions, increase in air-traffic, need to improve operational efficiency, and high volume of data are some major factors responsible for growth of aviation analytics market. However, unavailability of skilled workforce might hinder the market growth. Increasing adoption of analytics within aviation industry would offer profitable opportunities for the market in coming years. The market is highly consolidated owing to few market leaders. Technological advancement is the prime strategy adopted by the market leaders to improve their market share. Asia-Pacific is anticipated to emerge out as the leading market in terms of revenue, owing to increased air traffic in countries such as China and Japan.
Aviation Analytics Market Research Objective
To explain the definition and scope of the research study based on end user, application, business function, component and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for 2016 to 2024
• Market size breakdown for each of the segments and regions analyzed
• Insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the analysis period
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate eminent investment opportunities
• Porter's Five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of the business environment
• Identification of the aviation analytics market trends in current scenario as well as growth indicators
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the aviation analytics industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-analytics-market/request-sample
Aviation Analytics Market Segmentation
By End Users
• Airlines
• Airports
• Others
By Applications
• Flight Risk Management
• Inventory Management
• Fuel Management
• Revenue Management
• Customer Analytics
• Navigation Services
By Business Functions
• Sales & Marketing
• Finance
• Maintenance, Repair & Operations
• Supply Chain
By Component
• Service
• Software
Aviation Analytics Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific (APAC)
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization so that you can get a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of your interest in the aviation analytics market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
Split of the regional market into specific countries as per your research requirements
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request)
Vendor Profile Customization
Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per your request.
Distinctive Requirements
Research report on aviation analytics market covering specific country/region only
• Requests for data tables only (specific requirement to quantitative research)
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/aviation-analytics-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Newbie hip hop artist H. Base OG drops his latest track "Sauce" on SoundCloud. These versatile artists will compel listeners to stay hooked in his music gallery.
H. Base OG
End
-- Music is the finest way to express, the best option to relax and the favorite pastime for numerous folks. It has become the way of life for most of us. Music is regarded the mood setter, the best activity to feel good and everything that relaxed mind and soul. SoundCloud site is the best place to listen different tracks from artists all over the world. Especially hip hop and rap genre has attained worldwide acclamation here. This gala has turned many aspiring artists to celebrities. The new artist for this season is H. Base OG from Springfield, United States. His latest track "Sauce" is all set to drive fans crazy with the mesmerizing rhythmic notes.H. Base OG is a multi-talented artist who excels in different genres like hip hop and rap, R&B and Soul and Dancehall. His diverse upbringing brought him in exposure I to different culture that greatly helped him to develop a very universe style of his own. H. Base belonged to a family that was far from the glitzy affair of the industry. Today whatever he is witnessing is all because his own will and passion for the art form. His father's death changed his life after which he became moiré strong, dedicated and goal oriented. The Dancehall track "Stay" produced by Erville and R&B and Soul track "Vibes" produced by Jrhiitmaker has earned him immense fame and popularity.The love and support H. Base OG has witnessed for his Soundcloud tracks motivated him to drop another single "Sauce" and unfold his perfection on hip hop and rap music. This track is a total package that represents t new wave hip hop and rap music in true sense. The track is fun yet energetic, loaded with flawless rapping yet tuneful. Music people headover to SoundCloud for this track and also visit Base's YouTube gallery to enjoy his music videos.Must listen the song:
March 29 Joy City Property Ltd:
* FY net profit RMB 797.581 million versus RMB 726.1 million a year ago
* FY revenue RMB 6.99 billion versus RMB 5.38 billion
* "Intricate political and economic environment in world will pose direct impact on foreign trade economy of prc"
* Board recommended payment of a final dividend of HK4 cents per share
* Will place its emphasis on better exploring potential business opportunities for commercial real estates Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Updates with transportation commissioner comments on needed repairs, state storage site where fire broke out)
By Rich McKay
ATLANTA, March 31 Georgia officials inspecting the fiery collapse of a major interstate highway bridge in Atlanta said on Friday the repair timetable was unclear but expect a "time-consuming event."
No casualties were reported after the span gave way on Thursday night as a fire raged beneath it, sending plumes of black smoke into the air and briefly setting off a fireball before the structure fell in on itself, snarling traffic.
State Transportation Commissioner Russell McMurry said on Friday that inspectors determined the southbound sections of Interstate 85 were so fire-damaged that they will need to be replaced. The state also plans to replace the collapsed section of the northbound bridge and possibly other adjacent sections, he said in a statement.
"At this time, we do not have an anticipated duration for the repairs ... but we do know that it is expected to be a time-consuming event," McMurry said.
As the fire raged on Thursday, the black smoke was so thick by the bridge in the heart of Atlanta that area residents told local reporters they thought a storm was coming or that the sun had set early when the fire started at around 6 p.m. EDT.
Flames shot up several stories from under the bridge before a section collapsed around 7:30 p.m., even as dozens of firefighters fought it, causing a brief fireball.
Hours after the collapse, drivers were still struggling to get off the highway. Republican Georgia Governor Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency for Fulton County, which encompasses much of the Atlanta area.
Government offices in Atlanta set a delayed opening for 10 a.m. on Friday to give people extra time to get to work.
Deal said the fire that led to the highway collapse appeared to have been fueled by a large pile of PVC piping under the structure.
The piping was being held in a state storage site for construction materials, said McMurry. The site is "a secured area" and PVC piping "is a stable, non-combustible material," McMurry said. (Additional reporting by Barbara Goldberg in New York and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Writing by Dan Whitcomb and Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Bill Rigby and Jeffrey Benkoe)
The playoff race in the Mitre 10 Cup Championship remains muddied with one round remaining.
Wins to Northland and Bay of Plenty over their Championship rivals has kept the ladder in flux, with four sides fighting for the three remaining semifinal spots.
While Wellington has locked up top spot, the race is on to host the second semifinal, with just four points separating second and fifth. Northland currently sit in second on the ladder on 25 points, following a comfortable 34-7 victory over Hawke's Bay. A double to Dan Pryor and a try to the also-dreadlocked Rene Ranger saw them cruise, but they face a tough finish to their season, having to visit Wellington in their final match.
The same goes for Bay of Plenty, who ground out a 36-28 victory over Otago to jump into third on 23 points. They finish with a home game against Premiership strugglers Waikato, and could be a chance to snare a result if they show the same form that they did against Otago.
Advertisement
The result - and the late try which denied Otago a bonus point - dropped Otago to fifth on 21 points, but they have the easiest game remaining against the winless Southland, and could finish as high as second.
The last domino to fall will be fourth-placed Manawatu, on 22 points. They finish with two games in a week - a Ranfurly Shield challenge against Taranaki, and a trip to Hawke's Bay, likely needing to pick up one victory to make the semifinals.
Otago 28 (F.Smith, J.Nareki, M.Faddes tries; Smith con, pen; J. Ioane con, 2 pens)
Bay of Plenty 36 (H.Blake, T.Hepetema, J.Webber, C.Tiatia, L.Campbell tries; M.Delany con, 3 pens)
HT: 15-13
Northland 34 (D.Pryor 2, R.Ranger, T.Bond tries; P.Breen 2 con, pen; D.Hawkins 2 cons, pen)
Hawke's Bay 7 (C.Vaega try; I.West con)
HT: 17-7
The number of maintained Northamptonshire schools in deficit has risen from five to nine in the space of a year amid renewed calls for a fairer funding method for the county.
Historically, Northamptonshire's school pupils have long been underfunded. For the 2015/16 year, the county was allocated £4,293 per pupil, compared with Westminster, which was awarded £5,872 per pupil and Brent with £5,357.
But a report at yesterday's county council cabinet meeting has revealed that four more schools did not stay within budget in the 2016/17 year than in 2015/16.
The nine schools in total - which the county council has chosen to keep secret - missed their budgets by a total of £180,000 and could be forced to make redundancies in order to balance their books.
Speaking at the cabinet meeting, Councillor Danielle Stone (Lab, Abington and Phippsville), said: "We've got a situation where schools are facing rising costs every which way they look - and yet their funding is being reduced.
"I think it is bad that we have gone from five to nine schools in deficit.
"I am sorry, but the situation is only going to get worse unless we get a better settlement from the Government."
Councillor Stone called on the recently elected Conservative MPs in Northamptonshire to put school funding at the top of their agenda.
School deficits occur due to a number of factors, the main one being falling pupil numbers.
This results in a reduced budget allocation, due to the way the school funding formula works. Any school with a deficit at the end of the financial year is asked to produce a report showing how it will balance the books.
Other factors are the reduced 6th form funding allocations from the Government for secondary schools, and school staff and governors not actively planning for changes in future income.
A recently redrawn National Funding Formula kicked in at the start of April and saw the county council allocated an extra £7.44 million from Whitehall.
However, 90 county schools lost out on a combined share of £2.6 million. Of them, 67 were primary schools, 19 are secondary schools and four are all-through schools.
Head of education at UNISON, Jon Richards criticised the way the formula had been calculated in february - stating the new allocations were a poor substitute for extra funding. “Schools that are already underfunded will get much less than they'd hoped for," he said.
Cabinet member for finance at County Hall, Councillor Robin Brown, (Con, Woodford and Weedon) said: "The concerns that are being raised will form part of the way we tackle the issue of central Government funding."
WASHINGTON, April 10 President Donald Trump's administration is pushing forward with plans to sell up to a dozen aircraft to Nigeria's air force for the fight against the extremist group Boko Haram, a congressional source said on Monday, a deal that could be worth up to $600 million.
The A-29 aircraft, with reconnaissance and surveillance as well as attack capabilities, are made by Brazil's Embraer . But they use U.S. parts and are assembled in Florida, so they are subject to U.S. export rules.
Former President Barack Obama's administration originally agreed on the sale, but it was put on hold after incidents including the Nigerian Air Force's bombing of a refugee camp in January that killed 90 to 170 civilians.
The Trump administration wants to push ahead with the sale to boost Nigeria's efforts to fight Boko Haram and to bolster hiring by defense firms in the United States.
"We've been told that the administration is going to go forward with that transaction," the congressional aide said.
Formal notification of the deal has not yet been sent to Congress but is expected shortly. Trump has said he plans to go ahead with foreign defense sales that had been held up under Obama due to human rights concerns.
In March, the administration informed Congress of its plans to pursue a $5 billion sale to Bahrain of Lockheed Martin F-16s and related equipment, which had been held up under Obama when Bahrain failed to meet human rights targets.
Reuters first reported the Obama administration's plan to sell the Embraer aircraft to Nigeria in May 2016, as a vote of confidence in President Muhammadu Buhari's drive to reform the country's military.
The Trump administration's plan to move ahead with the Nigerian sale was first reported on Monday by the Associated Press.
The congressional source said concerns remain about the sale, despite its receiving the backing of some lawmakers. One is lingering unease about the Nigerian military. Another is whether Nigeria's government will be able to pay the full $600 million for the aircraft, equipment, training and support.
This could affect the final size of the deal, the source said.
Senior U.S. officials said Buhari had long expressed frustration over delays in the decision to sell Nigeria the aircraft and raised it in a phone call with Trump in February. (Additional reporting by Lesley Wroughton and Mike Stone; editing by Cynthia Osterman)
BLACK RIVER-MATHESON -
We were dismayed and horrified to hear that recently in November, Dr. George Freundlich was reprimanded and denied emergency room privileges for two weeks.
Dr. George is not only our family doctor to whom we owe so much because of his caring and for the excellent medical service he provides, but he has also become a very dear friend of ours with whom we often discuss many issues.
What in heaven's name could be the reason that he was reprimanded? We checked into the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) website and there was nothing about Dr. Freundlich that would indicate he was under scrutiny by the CPSO for any reason.
Another question, who is now going to reimburse Dr. Freundlich for the two weeks of revenue he lost because of the removal of his emergency room privileges?
We were made aware that last month, on a Wednesday, Dr. Freundlich underwent an operation in Timmins on his left hand. But even though he was still suffering considerable pain from the operation, and with his arm in a sling, he was in the hospital the very next day looking after his patients.
This is what we call real dedication and real care.
Not only was Dr. Freundlich honoured by his medical peers in the CPSO with a major award some years ago, but Dr. Freundlich was probably just as pleased to recently receive a wonderful public endorsement and appreciation from the mayor and council of the Township of Black River-Matheson in celebration of his 23 years in Matheson, delivering exemplary medical services to the people in this community.
What makes this entire episode even more unbelievable and confusing is that a Letter to the Editor, “A crisis in our midst” (published in The Daily Press, Nov. 2, 2017), listed so many of the great accomplishments and services provided by Dr. Freundlich while attending to patients at Matheson's Bingham Memorial Hospital.
We are still in shock thinking of how heartbroken this wonderful man with a heart of gold must feel suffering through such an outrageous ordeal. But to make it even worse, not only is our award-winning doctor being sidelined in such an arbitrary way, but we understand that another doctor who we believe does not compare in any way to Dr. Freundlich continues to work at BMH with full privileges.
Nothing seems to add up that could possibly create a situation where one of the best doctors in Ontario is being treated in this cavalier manner when there is such a high demand and need for his services.
We all know the extreme difficulty small Northern Ontario communities with hospitals have in encouraging good doctors to practice in their communities. We are sure that Matheson and BMH are no exception.
So why is Dr. Freundlich being treated so badly, possibly to the point that he might just leave?
The CEO of MICs Group of Health Services as well as the Bingham Memorial Hospital board chairman and its board of directors have a lot of explaining to do to the BRM taxpayers.
Terry Cyr,
Timmins
Optimizing IoT Edge Storage Solutions with Hardware–Software Advancement
MemxPro's New PCIe/NVMe SSDs and DRAM DDR4-2666 Module
Contact
Tiffany Chou
***@memxpro.comm
886-2-8978-8997 Tiffany Chou886-2-8978-8997
End
-- Computex Taipei 2018 begins on June 5. MemxPro, a leading DRAM module and SSD solution provider for defense, industrial, in-vehicle, and enterprise markets, is announcing that its exhibition theme is "Accelerating Intelligence at the Edge for Storage Applications, Managing Storage Devices from the Cloud." The complete hardware–software integration is aimed at satisfying customer application needs. MemxPro is set to reveal the new PCIe B4J/B4L series, including the industry-first PCIe Gen 3x4 M.2 2242 SSD. MemxPro will also launch its high-speed DDR4-2666 DRAM module with standard (0~85C), extended (-25~85C) and industrial (-40~85C) wide temperature options. Targeting rapidly developing IoT and edge computing devices, the new product series is designed for a PCIe interface, which provides excellent IOPS and low-latency performance, reducing boot times and offering a faster data transfer rate. At the same time, MemxPro is also upgrading its stand-alone SMARTPro device-monitoring tool to a cloud-based version: the Internet of SMARTPro (IoS). This will allow for the timely management and control of all MemxPro storage devices within a user's corporate intranet or private cloud.Edge computing is critical for IoT because it means faster response times as well as increased reliability and security as edge computing devices are closer to each other. Edge equipment includes mobile devices, smart terminals (e.g., gateways), surveillance camera, and other IoT devices. Among the most notable AI and machine-learning storage trends, the use of memory and flash is predicted to increase. High-speed PCIe storage devices have prevailed in enterprise-class servers, and now PCIe SSD requirements have extended to edge devices for faster data storage and transmission. To meet this shift, MemxPro's new PCIe/NVMe SSD has been designed to satisfy high-storage performance needs for IoT edge computing applications such as those in smart manufacturing, in-vehicle transportation, healthcare, retail, and surveillance.Viewing the development trend of SSD controllers and 3D NAND, MemxPro announces the new NVMe PCIe B4J/B4L product series. The form factors include 2.5" U.2 PCIe, M.2 PCIe 2280, and M.2 PCIe 2242. In addition to supporting legacy Advanced Host Controller Interface (AHCI) at the logical interface level, the M.2 specification also supports NVM Express (NVMe) as the logical device interface for M.2 PCIe SSDs. While the support for AHCI ensures software-level backward compatibility with legacy SATA devices and operating systems, NVM Express is designed to fully utilize the capability of high-speed PCIe storage devices to perform many I/O operations in parallel. The whole new series is targeted for release in the fourth quarter of 2018 and will be equipped with the latest high-density 3D NAND. A prototype of this product will debut at Computex.MemxPro's high-speed mainstream DRAM DDR4-2666 modules align with JEDEC standard to achieve 2666 MHz without having to overclock RAM, and these modules are compatible with most mainstream CPUs and motherboards. The original branded energy-conscious memory quality ICs and industrial high-spec product design makes for a low operating voltage of 1.2 V for power consumption, thus saving energy and reducing waste heat. The new memory module series possesses the attributes of a high-speed, high-compatibility, low-power-consumption, high-reliability, and wide temperature solution. It is anticipated to become the first choice for embedded applications of industrial equipment and edge devices under conditions subjected to temperature variations and in challenging environments.MemxPro announces its IoS with storage device management on remote monitoring and preventive maintenance. IoS provides disk status detection for MemxPro's DIMMs, NVMe PCIe Gen3 x4, and SATA III SSDs, achieving an end-to-end connection for data management and intelligent analytics. The IoS cloud-based storage device-monitoring system can be implemented on a private cloud or a corporate server. Users are able to receive SSD information in a timely manner, including S.M.A.R.T., device temperature, health status, erase count numbers, and other system log data, thus allowing them to further detect potential problems.With years of storage technology know-how, MemxPro leverages premium quality ICs and advanced SSD controllers from original brand manufacturers, exercises rigorous quality control to deliver complete enterprise and industrial memory solutions from IC pre-tested products to fully tested and validated mass-produced products. Computex Taipei 2018 runs from June 5 to 9. MemxPro's booth number is J1221, situated on 1F in Hall 1 at the Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center. We cordially welcome all industrial experts to visit our booth.MemxPro provides reliable industrial memory and flash storage solutions with integrated design services to cater for the customized needs of industrial OEM customers. Products are used in a variety of applications including automation and manufacturing, environmental control, military and aerospace, network and communications, automotive and transportation, medical and healthcare, gaming, retail, and more. At present, MemxPro's main product lines focus on DRAM and flash memory storage devices through PCIe, SATA, and USB high-speed storage interfaces, and support various capacities in different form factors. MemxPro strives to deliver high-quality products and unsurpassed service, becoming one of the leading brands for industrial memory solutions around the world. For more information, please visit www.memxpro.com or email us at info@memxpro.com
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) _ A St. Paul police officer has helped preserve a 1-year-old's handprint on a pane of glass to comfort a grieving grandmother.
Reports say Shari Wagner's grandson, Abraham Flynn, was struck and killed by a van in April. Wagner says she recently noticed the handprint when sunlight struck a wood and glass display case in her living room.
Wagner feared that the handprint would disappear. Officer Mark Lundquist arrived at her home Monday morning to preserve it. Lundquist was able to preserve the images using forensic techniques, allowing the family to keep a part of Abraham.
"I would say that the biggest risk, just like with any engine-powered machine, would be a breakdown," Vezzoli told Reuters TV as he made his pre take-off checks. "Usually you land on the ground, but in this case we would have to do a sea-landing."
A magistrate has apologised to two men after they were put in the watchhouse overnight because they arrived late to court.
A magistrate has apologised to two men after they were put in the watchhouse overnight because they arrived late to court. John Weekes
TWO men were locked-up for arriving to court 75 minutes and two-hours late in a move labelled by a magistrate as "outrageous" and "over-the-top".
Dylan Shae Poulton faced Maroochydore Magistrates Court yesterday from the watchhouse where he'd spent almost 24 hours behind bars.
The court heard he'd arrived to the Noosa Court House at 11.30am instead of 9am the day before, prompting a warrant to be issued for his arrest.
Poulton waited in the foyer of the police station for two hours while officers retrieved the warrant from the court so they could arrest him.
Magistrate Matthew McLaughlin discharged Poulton and apologised.
Poulton went on to plead guilty to a number of other charges he was facing, including possess dangerous drugs and possess drug utensils and not-guilty to seven charges which will go to hearing at a later date.
Mr McLaughlin warned Poulton to arrive on time for his next court appearance.
"It's not a public bar you're going to, it's court.
"Court starts at 9am, you need to be here at 9am."
Matthew Gerard Furner, 29, was also behind bars after arriving to court in Noosa late on the same day.
His lawyer told the Maroochydore Magistrates Court yesterday his client was late because his daughter's kindergarten bus didn't show up.
Furner had called the courthouse at 9.40am and told them he would be there by 10.10am - when he was five minutes later than expected a warrant was issued.
Mr McLaughlin also discharged Furner on the one charge of failing to appear.
Furner then pleaded guilty to fraud and receiving tainted property after he bought a $100 Bunnings gift card which had been stolen from a car in Golden Beach in May.
On June 5, Furner used the card to buy plumbing equipment.
Mr McLaughlin ordered Furner serve 14 days in prison, with immediate parole eligibility.
Other charges faced by Furner were transferred to Noosa.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
UK power producer Drax changes payouts with boost to dividend
LONDON, June 15 Drax has raised its dividend payout target for the year and has changed the way it calculates shareholder rewards to ensure returns grow, the British power producer said on Thursday.
INVESTORS went bargain-hunting on Monday, lifting the benchmark index despite continued US-North Korea tensions.
The Philippine Stock Exchange index (PSEi) snapped a four-day losing streak to close the day up 33.69 points or 0.43 percent to 7,962.12. The broader All Shares jumped 0.52 percent or 24.23 points to finish at 4,706.04.
“[The] Philippines … looked to a positive start on Wall Street's leads on some bargain hunting, but as expected it was a muted bounce given tension between US and North Korea is still escalated,” Regina Capital Development Corp. said in a note.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average firmed by 0.07 percent on Friday (US time), the S&P 500 grew 0.13 percent, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 0.64 percent.
Summit Securities, Inc. President Harry Liu said the market was trading sideways while looking for more substantial news.
“But some issues are okay … such as Bloomberry Resorts Corp., and Cebu Landmasters, Inc. Market continues consolidation,” he noted.
Joylin Telagen, research head at IB Gimenez Securities, said bargain-hunting could continue ahead of the release of second quarter gross domestic product results on Thursday.
Positive news could see the PSEi retesting the 8,000 level, she added.
All market indices posted gains on Monday, led by the property sector that rose by 1.06 percent.
Market volumes were thin with only 764 million issues valued at P5.1 billion traded.
Advancers led losers by 106 to 96 while 47 issues were unchanged.
Projects to protect communities against flooding have been awarded funding in Itchingfield, Haywards Heath, Petworth and the Manhood Peninsular.
In the latest phase of Operation Watershed £500,000 has been made available for groups to bid for by West Sussex County Council.
Further projects still have time to submit applications for funding to protect properties from surface and ground-water flooding.
The first five successful applications for 2017/18, worth a total of £54,126, include drainage works, a new gulley, pond alterations, and equipment for volunteers.
Bob Lanzer, cabinet member for infrastructure and highways, said: “Operation Watershed is up and running once again for those community projects that protect people and properties from the risks of surface water and ground water flooding.
“Thousands of homes have already been protected from potential surface water or groundwater flooding and other flood related issues thanks to Operation Watershed over the years, and there will be plenty more to benefit this year.
“The first five schemes all met our criteria for help, and clearly demonstrate how communities want to help themselves and take responsibility for flood risk in their areas.”
The five successful applications were:
Itchingfield Parish Council: £38,942 towards drainage works.
Four areas in Itchingfield have suffered with drainage issues over the past four years. Residents will now benefit from a series of improvements. This includes unblocking culverts and clearing ditches in the Sandhills Road/Plumtree Lane area; drainage work to stop the footpath flooding in Smugglers Lane; replacing pipes and culverts in Trout Lane; and drainage improvements to the south side of Fulfords Hill.
West Itchenor Parish Council: £4,602 towards alterations for Itchenor Road Pond.
Itchenor Road Pond is built to store water at a higher height than the adjacent road and nearby farmland. It is often stagnant and polluted, and has little value as either a habitat for wildlife or a holding pool for water in rainstorms.
This scheme will alter the pond wall to reduce the risk of overflowing, and add a sleeper feature to retain water during rainstorms. Community volunteers have already completed hours of preparation work ahead of this project.
Haywards Heath Town Council: £3,944 towards a new gulley at Barnard Gate.
For the past year there has been a flooding issue at Barnard Gate. Residents have not being able to use the footpath network at the junction with Balcombe Road. This scheme will mean a new gulley can be installed, connected to existing drainage systems, to fix the problem so residents can use the footpath safely.
FLOW Project: £3,590 towards equipment for volunteers.
Manhood Wildlife and Heritage Group is a grassroots charity aiming to improve flood resilience along the flatlands of the Manhood Peninsula. The project supports 11 parish and town councils on the peninsula to work with residents and landowners on fixing and linking wetlands. As part of its recruitment drive for volunteers, it needs basic tools and equipment to help with tasks such as ditch clearances and pond improvements. This project will help fund these tools.
Petworth Town Council: £3,498 towards a CCTV investigation of A272 Horsham Road.
A blocked culvert has been identified underneath the A272 Horsham Road in Petworth. This project will pay for a crew to jet it clean and inspect it with a CCTV camera, to find out what is causing the problem.
The criteria used to assess applications are: It addresses recognised surface or groundwater flooding issues; it has strong community support; it demonstrates value for money; and will realise benefits to your community.
Community groups, volunteer groups, town and parish councils within West Sussex are all eligible to apply.
As before, all applications need support from their local elected county councillor.
In previous years the Operation Watershed Active Communities Fund was oversubscribed.
The earlier a bid is submitted, the more likely it is to be successful.
For more information visit the website at www.westsussex.gov.uk/watershed or email operation.watershed@westsussex.gov.uk
'GHOST' restaurants on the Sunshine Coast are being investigated by the Federal Government following allegations they are being used as fronts for a visa fraud racket.
The restaurants in Currie St, Nambour, have their own websites, phone numbers, Facebook pages and listed opening hours, but reportedly none of them ever actually open their doors.
Looking through their front windows, two of the businesses - Tandori Spice (formerly known as Curry King) and Tasty Buds - appear like any other restaurant a few hours before opening.
The restaurants have cutlery and glasses set out on tables and drinks in the fridges.
Tandori Spice in Nambour's Currie Street. John McCutcheon
But a Sunshine Coast Council spokesman confirmed neither of those two businesses have ever held a food licence and the Sunshine Coast Daily can reveal the Department of Home Affairs is investigating their former parent company MJ Food Venture after allegations of visa fraud.
A pile of aged mail sitting just inside the doorway of one of the restaurants supports the claims of multiple witnesses that they have never opened.
Tandori Spice (formerly Curry King)
Current name: Tandori Spice
Tandori Spice Current owner: Ripen Enterprises
Ripen Enterprises Former name: Curry King
Curry King Former owner: MJ Food Venture 2016 - 2017
MJ Food Venture 2016 - 2017 Food licence: Never held
Never held Opening hours: When Curry King was owned by MJ Food Venture, its opening hours were listed as 4pm - 10pm Monday to Saturday, but it was never seen open.
When Curry King was owned by MJ Food Venture, its opening hours were listed as 4pm - 10pm Monday to Saturday, but it was never seen open. Tandori Spice has no online presence, but Curry King's Facebook page states, "We serve our customers the very best in Indian cuisine. Our highly rated chefs prepare all meals freshly and quickly".
Tasty Buds - which boasts being an "icon" in Queensland dining on its website - has been listed at the address since 2015, according to the Australian Securities and Investment Commission's (ASIC) register, but locals have never seen the store open.
Two doors over is the rebranded Tandori Spice Restaurant which hasn't been seen to be open since it was listed at the address in 2017.
Neither had its predecessor, which was at the address from 2016.
No website exists for Tandori Spice, but Curry King is described on its Facebook page as the "very best in Indian cuisine".
Tasty Buds in Nambour's Currie Street. John McCutcheon
The businesses were previously owned by MJ Food Venture, a Brisbane-based company which is also registered as owning two other businesses, Ashoka Exotic Curries at Jindalee, in Brisbane's western suburbs, and Jacaranda Restaurant in Highfields, north of Toowoomba.
Despite ASIC registers showing MJ Food Ventures owns Jacaranda Restaurant, an anonymous spokesperson for MJ Food Ventures said this was incorrect.
ASIC documents show Ripen Enterprises registered Tandori Spice in May 2017 which is now in Curry King's former store space.
Tasty Buds is still listed by ASIC as belonging to MJ Food Venture.
However, a spokesman for MJ Food Venture said Tasty Buds had been transferred to Dulai Australia in July, 2017, but there is no record of Dulai owning the restaurant on the ASICs register.
Tasty Buds
Former owner: MJ Food Venture
MJ Food Venture Current owner: Unconfirmed
Unconfirmed Food licence: Never held
Never held Opening hours: Listed as permanently closed on Google, but its Facebook page states it is open from 4pm - 9pm Monday to Thursday and 4pm - 11pm Friday and Saturday.
Listed as permanently closed on Google, but its Facebook page states it is open from 4pm - 9pm Monday to Thursday and 4pm - 11pm Friday and Saturday. Despite never been seen open, Tasty Buds has a 4.5-star rating from two Facebook reviews.
According to the restaurant's Facebook page, "Tasty Buds will tantalise your senses with freshly prepared, healthy, mouthwatering dishes from across the sub-continent".
Multiple sources confirmed neither Tasty Buds nor Tandori Spice had opened since changing hands.
A third restaurant at shop 7, 6-22 Currie St, named Potpourri (formerly known as Portovino) is not listed on ASIC and it was not known who owned the store.
However, a Sunshine Coast Council spokeswoman confirmed it, unlike Tasty Buds and Tandori Spice, does have a current food licence.
Multiple sources have confirmed Potpourri has also not opened.
However, Potpourri's website describes the restaurant as selling "the latest in nouveau Indian cuisine" and claims it serves "thousands of guests every day" and "attracts distinguished guests and celebrities".
Store owners neighbouring MJ Food Venture's Brisbane restaurant, Ashoka Exotic Curries, which has since closed down, and Highfield business, Jacaranda Restaurant, also said they could not recall seeing either of these businesses open since MJ Food Venture took them over in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
Potpourri in Nambour's Currie Street. John McCutcheon
Christopher Hughes, the partial owner of the building Ashoka Exotic Curries was previously renting, said the business had paid "all the bond up front", but were locked out "three to six months" later for failing to pay rent.
Mr Hughes said after this the business owners "just did a runner and disappeared".
The Department of Home Affairs confirmed MJ Food Venture was under investigation and a spokesperson said multiple agencies were working together on the case.
"We work closely with partner agencies to investigate allegations of visa fraud in Australia, and routinely undertake investigations to identify potential breaches," the spokesperson said.
Potpourri (formerly Portovino)
Owner: Unknown
Unknown Former name: Portovino
Portovino Food licence: Current
Current Opening hours: 11am to 3pm and 4.30pm til late, Monday to Saturday
11am to 3pm and 4.30pm til late, Monday to Saturday Potpourri has a single one-star review on Facebook, but its website boasts serving "thousands of guests every day" including "distinguished guests and celebrities".
It claims to offer "Indian and Chinese cuisine" and the menu features a large range of curries and seafood dishes.
"Visa and migration fraud is a serious matter with significant consequences."
MJ Food Venture's stores and Potpourri are all linked to Mubin Ul Haider, a former 7-Eleven "state franchisee of the year" who was embroiled in an employment controversy in 2015.
Mr Haider underpaid an employee, Prakash Kumar, more than $21,000 and was fined $6970 in the Federal Circuit Court following a Fair Work investigation.
Mubin Ul Haider's Facebook profile picture Facebook
Mr Kumar told the Sydney Morning Herald at the time Mr Haider had offered to sell him a visa in 2012, but he said he declined the offer and claimed Mr Haider had been known to sell them for between $40,000 and $70,000.
After being dropped from the company, Haider re-fashioned himself as a "business consultant" and is listed as consulting for Tasty Buds and Portovino (now Potpourri) on Google. An image of a kitchen on his business website has the words "MJ Foods" superimposed on it.
When contacted for comment, an MJ Food Venture spokesman said the two Nambour stores had not opened due to issues with installing a grease trap when the building was converted from office space into restaurants.
Screen shot of Mubin Ul Haider's website Contributed
Efforts have been made to contact the company for further comment via Facebook and email, but representatives had, as of last night, failed to respond.
The principal place of business listed for MJ Food Venture is a hair salon called All New Hair 4 You in Waterford West, at Logan, south of Brisbane, which is believed to be trading.
Mr Haider's business consultancy page on Facebook has been shared and reviewed by accounts linked to All New Hair 4 You and a post to his page by a Brisbane refrigeration company claims he owes money for work done at Ashoka Exotic Curries.
Screen shot from All New Hair 4 Youare Facebook page. Contributed
A Nambour tradesman, who wished to remain anonymous, told The Daily he did work for Mr Haider at the Potpourri, Tasty Buds and Curry King restaurants about a year ago, and was still owed $4000 for it.
After being told by someone else associated with the business he had to contact Mr Haider to finalise the matter, the tradesman said he had struck a dead end.
"He's uncontactable, he has about four different cell phone numbers," he said.
"I did a bit of research and I found it very hard to contact him."
Mr Haider was contacted for comment on his involvement with the company via text message, phone and email, but did not respond.
The businessman linked to the Coast's ghost restaurants
A MAN with links to a company which is under investigation following allegations of visa fraud on the Sunshine Coast ran several high-profile franchises before he was banned from sponsoring visa workers.
Mubin Ul Haider boasts on his business website about the four 7-Eleven franchises he operated over 10 years - in which time he was awarded "best franchisee of the State" - despite leaving the company following a Fair Work investigation into underpaying staff.
Mr Haider was fined $6970 by Federal Circuit Court in 2015 after it was revealed he had underpaid a staff member at his Brisbane franchise by $21,000 and was banned from sponsoring visas for two years in 2014.
Screenshot from Mubin Ul Haider's website Contributed
The same year he was fined, Mr Haider started consulting for businesses with his website stating, "I (Mubin Ul Haider) committed to manage the best business franchises services in Australia".
He also claims to be a "commercially aware businessman" who works with "high profile global companies" including Nando's which he used to be a franchisee for.
Nambour restaurants Curry King (now Tandori Spice) and Tasty Buds were formerly owned by MJ Food Venture, a South Brisbane-based company which is being investigated for allegations of visa fraud by the Department of Home Affairs.
Mr Haider is known to be associated with the company and is also linked to a third Nambour restaurant that is never seen to open named Potpourri.
The owner of Potpourri is unable to be verified by Australian Security and Investments Commission documents.
A list of services Mr Haider provides includes property management, retail, marketing strategy and new business development.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
Advertisement
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
"This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for," Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that his campaign "is on the right side of history." At an earlier appearance, he declared Alabama is "at a crossroads" and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to "create conflict and division."
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
"Elect a responsible man to a responsible office," Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. "I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom," said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, "will be a whole new bottom."
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that he did not vote for Moore, saying he wrote in another "distinguished" party figure he declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that he molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
"Everyone has to vote their convictions," said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as he held his Bible outside his Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. "My conviction is he's the right man for the job."
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands "on the word of God." Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help him "defeat the elite," a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny him the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump himself are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
"If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold," Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones "a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer," the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. "Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda," the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as "the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore."
-----
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Specialist cocktail bar Dirty Martini is to open in Birmingham this spring and to celebrate, the bar is offering free martinis to Brummies.
The martini bar chain, which has bars in London, Leeds, Manchester and Cardiff, will open in the former Viva Brazil restaurant site on Bennetts Hill in April after a £1million make-over.
To claim your free martini, all you need to do sign up to the newsletter here .
There are 15 martini cocktails available at Dirty Martini, including The Zeitgiest - Beefeater 24 Gin, Briottet Crème de Rhubarb, lemon juice, gomme syrup, Monin chai tea syrup and blackcurrant compote, and Fever Tree aromatic tonic, and chocolate martini - which contains Absolut vanilla vodka, Frangelico hazelnut liqueur and Briottet crème de cacao, double cream and chocolate powder.
The signature Dirty Martini has Ketel One vodka (or Tanqueray gin if you prefer) stirred with Kalamata olives, fresh thyme and a hint of Martini Extra Dry Vermouth.
Other available bar offers include half price martinis on Monday - Thursday 3pm – 10pm, Friday - Sat 12pm – 8pm and all day Sunday.
Dirty Martini CEO Scott Matthews said: “Birmingham city centre is going through a time of exciting development and growth. We're looking forward to opening our doors at 7 Bennetts Hill.”
Dirty Martini will join a growing number of new bars and restaurants in Birmingham city centre including Las Iguanas, Indian Streatery , Revolucion de Cuba which opens in Temple Street in March and The Ivy-slated to open this spring on Temple Row.
Seattle Mariners' Mike Zunino starts rounding the bases after hitting a solo home run on a pitch from Kansas City Royals' Ian Kennedy during a baseball game, Friday, June 29, 2018, in Seattle. (AP Photo/John Froschauer)
Ward three city councillor Joe Campbell wants the rest of city council to take a good hard look at the idea of installing proper fire fighting hydrants along areas of the back road, Gold Mine Road and Delnite Road. Campbell said the cost could be multi-millions of dollars, but it could be done over several years.
Campbell outlined his plan to council earlier this month, partly be said, because of the Delnite Road house fire that left a family homeless in May.
City firefighters fought the blaze using the porta-tank shuttle system, which is the preferred method in rural areas of Timmins, where fire tanker trucks bring in truckload after truckload of water that fills a portable tank and is used to fight the fire.
“Due to the lack of hydrants, it was necessary to shuttle water from the Vipond pumping station to the Delnite property, a distance of 4.2 kilometres,” said Campbell.
“In speaking with on site fire personnel they advised me they did not run out of water, but a pressurized hydrant would have made the job much easier,” he added.
Campbell said his concern is that at some point in the future another fire could occur “that may be much more difficult to fight.”
He said some of the homes in sections of the Delnite townsite, are older houses that are closer together. He said a bad fire could easily spread from one house to two or three houses. He said he is not sure that a shuttle system for water would be the best way to fight such a fire.
“I realize this is an expensive item. We've heard figures in the $12-million to $14-million range.” Campbell said this is not the type of expenditure the city could handle in one, or two or three years. Perhaps not even in four years he said.
Campbell said in all there are 61 residents who are affected by the lack of proper hydrants on the Delnite property, some parts of McDonald Hill and parts of the Buffalo Ankerite property.
He said those residents still pay taxes and in most cases pay higher insurance rates because there is no fire hydrant service.
“The residents have very genuine concerns,” he said.
“So what I am asking council to do tonight is basically advised administration, or request administration, to look at a multi-year project. Whatever the number of years, I don't know what the years are, of providing service to that area out there,” said Campbell.
He said he would like to see the report come back in the fall and it would allow council to decide whether to include a portion of the cost in the 2018 budget and for budget consideration in future years. Or council could decide on other options he said.
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
A Saudi Aramco employee sits in the area of its stand at the Middle East Petrotech 2016, an exhibition and conference for the refining and petrochemical industries, in Manama, Bahrain, September 27, 2016. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
LONDON/DUBAI Saudi Arabia and international oil companies have discussed gas venture opportunities inside the kingdom and abroad as part of the top crude-exporting country's drive to diversify investments before the listing of national energy giant Saudi Aramco.
Saudi officials explored investment opportunities with firms including BP (BP.L) and Chevron (CVX.N) to help develop its gas reserves, the world's sixth largest, at a time of booming energy demand at home, four industry sources told Reuters.
Aramco has also looked into investing in gas ventures abroad, including with Italy's Eni (ENI.MI), the sources said.
The development revives memories of talks between Aramco and global majors at the end of the 1990s and early 2000s, known as the Saudi gas initiative. Most of those talks collapsed as the parties disagreed over returns on investment.
This time, Aramco is gearing up for a share listing next year, aiming to get a valuation of up to $2 trillion in what could be the world's biggest initial public offering (IPO).
Chevron, BP, Aramco and Eni declined to comment on talks.
"We have a long-standing relationship with Saudi Arabia, so it is not uncommon for us to talk to them. We're always having discussions about business development. I don't have anything particular to say about Saudi Arabia," Chevron CEO John Watson told Reuters last week.
BP Chief Executive Bob Dudley, who traveled to Saudi Arabia at the end of last year, said this year he wouldn't rule out "creative partnerships" with Aramco but that an outright investment by BP in the IPO was unlikely.
The kingdom has a long-term goal of increasing the use of gas for domestic power generation, thus reducing oil burning at home and freeing up more crude for export.
This could help increase Aramco's valuation as it generates more revenue from exports than selling oil at lower domestic prices - Saudi Arabia is the world's fifth-biggest oil consumer despite being only the 20th-biggest economy.
Saudi Energy Minister Khalid al-Falih, who is also Aramco's chairman, said last year that Aramco was interested in investing in international upstream ventures, particularly gas, and could invest in importing gas into the kingdom.
Diversifying gas assets abroad would help Aramco achieve a better valuation and is attractive for investors, industry sources said. Riyadh also plans to raise domestic gas prices, a move seen as an incentive for foreign companies.
NEW GAS STRATEGY
Aramco is preparing to reveal in the next few months a new gas strategy aimed at developing resources to keep pace with rising domestic demand, sources familiar with the discussions said.
It comes as part of the kingdom's push to diversify its economy away from oil, a strategy known as "Vision 2030", amid a global drive to phase out the most polluting fossil fuels.
Aramco wants nearly to double gas production to 23 billion standard cubic feet a day in the next decade.
"IOCs (international oil companies) are waiting for that (strategy) to make their decisions," one industry source familiar with the matter said.
Another industry source said Energy Minister Falih had said in private meetings with Western oil executives that he wanted Aramco to partner with other companies in upstream projects.
Two Saudi-based industry sources familiar with the discussions said BP's Dudley had expressed an interest in investing in gas exploration in the Red Sea. However, the two sides have yet to hold any talks on the project.
Aramco controls gas reserves in excess of 8 trillion cubic metres, according to BP's annual energy review. The Saudi company has said it wants to explore for gas in the shallow waters of the Red Sea as well as onshore shale gas.
SOUR MEMORIES
Since gradually renationalizing the industry in the 1970s, Saudi Arabia has not allowed the majors to develop its oil.
The Saudi gas initiative of the 1990s was effectively an effort by the then-minister for oil, Ali al-Naimi, to thwart attempts by companies such as Exxon Mobil (XOM.N) to partner with Riyadh in oil developments.
In a book published last year, Naimi said he was convinced that as part of gas talks during that decade, oil majors hoped to acquire cheap Saudi reserves of gas condensate, a high-quality form of crude oil.
The $25 billion gas initiative offered in 1997-98 had some of the world's top oil companies such as Exxon and Shell expressing interest but struggling to agree terms.
Riyadh later invited investors in 2003-2004 to find and produce gas in Rub Al Khail, a desert in the country's southeast.
Companies including Russia's Lukoil (LKOH.MM), Shell and China's Sinopec formed ventures with Aramco but have failed to find commercially viable deposits. They also complained about low domestic gas prices and high extraction costs.
Russia's Lukoil (LKOH.MM) was the most recent foreign company to quit Saudi Arabia's search for gas.
However, Saudi Arabia last month slashed income tax on energy companies operating in the kingdom to make energy investments more attractive.
"The terms will be better now," an oil executive said.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
Charlotte Flair vs. SmackDown Women's Champion Carmella is now official for the WWE Backlash pay-per-view. A contract signing for the match will take place on tonight's SmackDown.
Below is the updated confirmed card for Backlash, which takes place on May 6th from the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey:
WWE Intercontinental Title Match
The Miz vs. Seth Rollins
WWE United States Title Match
Randy Orton vs. Jeff Hardy
RAW Women's Title Match
Alexa Bliss vs. Nia Jax
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Charlotte Flair vs. Carmella
Samoa Joe vs. Roman Reigns
Apple will place the first tranche of its € 13 billion Irish tax bills in an escrow account next month, Minister for Finance Pascal Donohoe has confirmed.
Mr Donohoe said that he would be signing the escrow framework deed, which sets out the legal agreement regarding the recovery of the alleged state aid with the US tech giant later today.
It is anticipated that Apple will make a series of unspecified payments into the account over the next six months with the full €13 billion recovered by the end of the third quarter of 2018.
“This is a significant milestone with regard to the commencement of the recovery of the alleged Stare aid, as the escrow framework deed is the overarching agreement which will govern the collection and eventual payment of funds,” Minister Donohoe said.
The European Commission ruled in 2016 that Apple had received unfair tax incentives from Ireland and ordered it to pay € 13 billion in back taxes to the Irish Stare.
Both Apple and the Government are appealing the Commission's ruling on the grounds Apple's tax treatment was in line with Irish and European Union law.
“The Government fundamentally disagrees with the ruling of the Commission. However, as committed members of the EU, Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard,” Minister Donohoe said.
“This is the largest recovery fund of its kind ever to be established and due to the complexity of such, together with our duty to comply with Eau procurement rules, it is taken some time to get to this point,” he said.
Bank of New York Mellon has been selected as preferred tenderer for the provision of escrow agency and custodian services while Amundi, Blackrock Investment and Goldman Sachs has been selected as preferred tenderers to manage the money.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Xinjiang Western Animal Husbandry Co Ltd :
* SAYS CHAIRMAN XU YIMIN RESIGNS DUE TO CHANGE IN JOB ROLE Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DXGxJi Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Two men have been charged with drug offences after police swooped on a Derby home.
Connor Keely and Kye Ratcliffe, both 19, have been charged with possession with intent to supply a Class A and Class B drug, money laundering and being concerned in the supply of drugs.
They were arrested yesterday. During the search of the home in Friar Gate Court what police believe to be class A and B drugs were discovered.
Ratcliffe, of Friar Gate Court, was released under investigation. Keely, of the same address, has been remanded in custody.
Detective Sergeant Scott McDermott, from our pro-active unit based at St Mary's Wharf Police Station, said: “We are pleased to have been able to charge these two men with drug dealing related offences. They will now appear at court to answer these charges.
“It shows that we will always take positive action when we receive information from the community regarding alleged illegal activities.”
Anybody with any concerns around crime should call police on the non-emergency number 101. You can also anonymously contact the independent charity Crimestoppers, on 0800 555 111.
French rugby paper Midi Olympique is reporting that the All Blacks' star utility back Ben Smith is close to signing with French Top 14 team Pau.
Ben Smith of New Zealand is tackled by Michael Hooper of Australia. Source: Photosport
Pro 12 Irish club Munster is another club reportedly trying to get Smith's signature and services.
Smith, 30, will be joining his former All Blacks teammate Conrad Smith as well as Colin Slade if he signed with Pau.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A Rhode Island company is going to build a wind farm that will be 10 times the size of the nation's first offshore wind farm.
Deepwater Wind says the new 400-megawatt wind farm will also create more than 800 jobs in Rhode Island.
Democratic Gov. Gina Raimondo and other officials visited the Port of Providence on Wednesday for the announcement.
Massachusetts and Rhode Island announced offshore wind projects last week aimed at delivering 1,200 megawatts of energy, enough to power about 600,000 homes.
Advertisement
The company also built the nation's first offshore wind farm off Block Island, Rhode Island. It has five turbines. This latest project will have up to 50 turbines south of Martha's Vineyard.
Deepwater Wind's CEO says it will be "an enormous clean energy machine."
Former head coach Thomas Tuchel (pictured above) was among those who testified on Monday about the attack on Borussia Dortmund's team bus ahead of the first leg of their Champions League quarterfinal tie with Monaco last April.
Asked whether there was a direct link between the attack and his departure as head coach, Tuchel replied: "I would assume so."
"Aki (Borussia Dortmund chairman Hans-Joachim Watzke) has already said publicly that there was a major discrepancy," Tuchel said. "This is true. The essence of the discrepancy is that I was sitting on the bus and Aki wasn't. That's why there was a major discrepancy about how to go about things – without wanting to hold it against Aki."
The coach, who is currently without a club, also said that he was "absolutely convinced" that the attack had an effect on the performances of his players.
"There was so much to deal with," Tuchel said. He also cited a psychologist who said that someone who has experienced that sort of traumatic event should not be put into a similar situation to that in which it occurred for several days. "But we were already back on the bus."
Playing the next day a 'mistake'
Sven Bender: Playing so soon was a "mistake"
It seemed pretty clear at the time that Tuchel, like many of the players, was against going ahead with the match less than 24 hours later. Dortmund lost the match 3-2.
In the courtroom on Monday, former Dortmund midfielder Sven Bender said it had clearly been a "mistake" to play the match when they did. He also said that the attack played a part in his decision to leave the club for Leverkusen in the summer.
Goalkeeper Roman Weidenfelder said he had sought assistance from a psychologist.
"It's still a topic of discussion within the team. I know players who are still suffering as a result," he said. "It has changed my life."
Dortmund captain Marcel Schmelzer said he is still startled by loud noises.
"I try to put it out of my mind but every once in a while there is a moment when you think about how lucky we were," he said.
Motivated by greed
The suspect in the bombing, 28-year-old Sergei W., who has confessed to carrying out the attack, is charged with 28 counts of attempted murder. He has said he did so in an effort to profit from a scheme in which he assumed that the price of Borussia Dortmund shares would plunge in the wake of the attack. He has said that he did not intend to kill anyone, but then-Dortmund defender Marc Bartra, who has since moved to Real Betis, suffered a fractured wrist in the attack.
May 3 Synergy CHC Corp:
* Synergy CHC Corp. Announces private placement offering of up to us$20 million
* Special warrants will have indicative pricing of us$1.50 per special warrant
* Synergy CHC- entered into agreement with Mackie Research capital corporation for private placement offering of up to $20 million in special warrants of co Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — The Latest on migration into Europe (all times local):
11:55 a.m.
The Portuguese picked as the next leader of the U.N.'s migration agency predicts that the number of migrants heading from North Africa to Europe will grow and that European countries will increasingly refuse to let them in.
Antonio Vitorino says "I have no illusions. I know that in coming years the flow of migrants will increase and (destination) countries will close in on themselves."
Advertisement
Vitorino told Portuguese television channel SIC that cooperation between the migrants' countries of origin and European Union countries "is the only response" that will solve the issue of migration to Europe.
He says refugees seeking asylum must be guaranteed protection. He says the admittance of economic migrants depends on whether European labor markets can absorb them.
Vitorino was selected last week as the next director-general of the International Organization for Migration and takes office Oct. 1.
___
10:45 a.m.
A rescue ship carrying 60 migrants has arrived in a Spanish port after being refused entry by Italy and Malta, the second time in a month that a humanitarian group has been forced to travel for days to unload people rescued in the central Mediterranean.
The Open Arms ship docked Wednesday in the northeastern port of Barcelona, where the group — including 5 women, a 9-year-old toddler and four teenagers — will be going through health checks and identification procedures.
The Spanish aid group Proactiva Open Arms said the migrants come from 14 countries and are in good health.
Doctors Without Borders says more than 500 people have died in the Mediterranean since the Aquarius, another rescue ship, was blocked from ports in Italy and Malta in June.
FILE PHOTO - A logo of Toshiba Corp is seen outside an electronics retail store in Tokyo, Japan, February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Toshiba Corp (6502.T) on Wednesday said its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric Co filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection with $9.8 billion (7.9 billion pounds) in liabilities as of the end of December.
The Japanese conglomerate said Westinghouse would be off its consolidated books as of the end of this month.
Toshiba said its own net loss for this fiscal year could reach 1 trillion yen (7.26 billion pounds), versus its previous estimate of 390 billion yen.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki and Chris Gallagher; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Rapper Meek Mill walked out of prison Tuesday after Pennsylvania's highest court ordered him freed while he appeals decade-old gun and drug convictions.
Following a five-month campaign by his supporters to get him out, the state Supreme Court directed a Philadelphia judge who had jailed him to immediately issue an order releasing him on unsecured bail.
Mill was sentenced in November to 2 to 4 years in prison for probation violations.
He was taken from the prison by helicopter to Philadelphia, where he rang the ceremonial bell at the start of the Philadelphia 76ers-Miami Heat playoff series.
“Welcome home Meek Mill,” said the game announcer to the rapper, who was sitting courtside next to actor Kevin Hart and Sixers co-owner Michael Rubin.
Before the game, Mill visited privately with the Sixers in their locker room.
A team of lawyers and public relations consultants had waged an all-out battle to get him freed, leveling fierce criticism at the judge as a stream of high-powered figures and celebrities visited him in jail outside Philadelphia just hours before the Supreme Court ruling.
Mill issued a statement saying the past months had been “a nightmare,” and thanked his many supporters and visitors, who included Rubin, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, and Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney.
“Although I'm blessed to have the resources to fight this unjust situation, I understand that many people of color across the country don't have that luxury and I plan to use my platform to shine a light on those issues,” Mill said.
He said he would now focus his attention on getting his convictions overturned, and that he looks forward to resuming his music career.
Earlier this month, in a major victory for Mill, prosecutors said they agreed with his lawyers that he should get a new trial because of questions raised about the arresting officer. The now-retired officer was among a list of police officers the prosecutor's office has sought to keep off the witness stand in cases across the city because of credibility questions.
A spokesman for District Attorney Larry Krasner said late Tuesday that the Supreme Court's decision on Meek Mill's release was consistent with the position taken by their office.
Mill's attorney, Joe Tacopina, thanked the high court.
“Meek was unjustly convicted and should not have spent a single day in jail,” Tacopina said.
In an opinion earlier this month, Judge Genece Brinkley, who sent Mill to prison for the probation violations, strongly defended herself against accusations by the defense she was waging a vendetta against the rapper. She said the court “has impartially and without prejudice presided over numerous proceedings in this matter since 2008.”
The Supreme Court denied a defense request to move the case to another judge, but said the presiding judge could opt to remove herself.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Hi-Rez Studios is looking to hire an Associate Systems Programmer to work on our Platform team at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new game projects!
What our Systems Programmer Do:
Design and develop new features for our engine, from user input to awesome game experience.
Analyze and enhance existing features, and support the artists and designers using them.
Who we are looking for:
0-2 years of C/C++ systems programming experience in the games industry
Previous work experience on a medium-to-large team
Excellent communication across disciplines.
Solid 3D math skills.
Passionate about making great games.
Preferred:
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information and releases.
7.39pm MAJOR UPDATE Three houses have been destroyed on Hoon Hay Valley Road this afternoon. The Selwyn District Council says the fire is now within about 1655 hectares - though not all of that is alight, as some has been extinguished. The Marley Hill fire has spread down Worsley Spur causing considerable burning at the Christchurch Adventure Park, which has been evacuated. The fire is approaching the residential area of Westmorland.
7.29pm All aircraft will need to stio fighting the fire at nightfall due to the danger of hitting powerlines, and there is currently no contingency plan if the fire has not been contained by then.
6.21pm A state of civil emergency has been declared. The mayors of Christchurch and Selwyn Districts jointly agreed to enact the state this evening. The declaration follows the evacuation of 200-300 people from residential properties.
6.13pm Orion says it remains on alert after today's power outage, which affected much of Christchurch for half an hour, and was caused by the fire. They said this evening that the course of the fire and its position still threatens the power supply, and further outages are possible.
5.41pm Evacuees can call 03 363 7400 if they don't have transport to leave their property.
5.36pm Police say displaced residents in Selwyn should make their way to the Selwyn Events Centre on Meijer Drive, Lincoln for further information as evacuations continue. Christchurch residents who have been evacuated should head for the Halswell Library.
5.14pm The crashed helicopter of pilot Steve Askin will be airlifted off the Port Hills tomorrow as the investigation into how it went down while fighting the fires continues. The Transport Accident Investigation Commission says this will depend on weather and how the fires are going.
5.13pm Further evacuations are underway due to the ongoing fire risk on Kennedy's Bush Rd, and its intersecting streets, from the Halswell Quarry up toward the end of Kennedy's Bush Rd. Residents should leave their homes immediately and head to the Halswell Library for more information.
5.08pm The NZDF has been called in to help combat the Port Hills fire, Defence Minister Gerry Brownlee says. They will assist with logistics, equipment and manpower where required.
4.58pm Residents of Early Valley Road and some areas of Westmorland and Cracroft are being evacuated by Civil Defence.
4.45pm The Christchurch Transport Operations Centre has issued an urgent plea: Please do not go sightseeing in fire areas to take photos or video. There have been cases of residents being obstructed from the homes and they need to have easy access in the case of evacuation.
4.32pm Worsleys Road is closed just past Cashmere Rd to all traffic and residents, and Police are managing a checkpoint. Hoon Hay Valley Rd has also been closed to the public due to people coming with the intent of viewing the fire, and obstructing emergency services. Residents can still get in.
Current Road Closures:
Cashmere Road is closed west of Kaiwara Street through to Kennedys Bush Road.
Worsleys Road is closed
Hoon Hay Valley Rd is closed
Kennedys Bush Road is closed form the roundabout with Rock Hill Drive. This includes the southbound cycle track
Worsleys Track from Worlseys Road is closed
Dyers Pass Road is closed between Hackthorne Road to Governors Bay Road. Use the Lyttelton Tunnel or Gebbies Pass as the alternate route
Summit Road is closed between Gebbies Pass and Rapaki Track
Old Tai Tapu Road is closed between Osterholts Road and Early Valley Road
Early Valley Road is closed
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — European businesses are unsettled as they watch the U.S. and China collide over trade. And for good reason: the nascent global trade war could represent the biggest single threat to the economic upswing that has helped the region get past its financial crisis.
In theory, some European companies could benefit, jumping into market niches if Chinese businesses are kept out of the U.S. market. But that would only be a few companies or sectors.
When your entire economy is heavily dependent on trade, an overall slowdown in global commerce caused by tit-for-tat import taxes provokes fear and undermines confidence.
And that's just what's happening in Europe. By one measure, business confidence has fallen in six of the past seven months in Germany, where exports are almost half of annual economic output.
Advertisement
"It's worth all our efforts to defuse this conflict, so it doesn't become a war," German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday.
The U.S. is due to put tariffs on $34 billion worth of Chinese goods on Friday. The Chinese will respond with tariffs on an equivalent value of U.S. products such as soybeans, seafood and crude oil.
Amid all this, Europe has its own trade dispute with the U.S. After the U.S. put tariffs on steel and aluminum from many allies, including the European Union, the 28-country bloc responded with import taxes on some $3.25 billion of U.S. goods. The Trump administration is also studying the option of putting tariffs on cars, which would significantly escalate the confrontation.
The head of the EU's executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, will head to Washington in late July to try to personally persuade Trump against further measures targeting Europe.
The disputes over trade threaten to spoil the good times for Europe's economy.
Growth last year was the strongest in a decade, since before the global financial crisis. While that has eased in recent quarters, the economy is still strong enough to create jobs. The number of unemployed fell by 125,000 in May, leaving unemployment in the 19 countries that use the euro at 8.4 percent, the lowest since 2008 and down from a high of 12.1 percent in 2013.
"Trade tensions stoked by U.S. President Donald Trump are clouding the economic outlook in Europe," wrote analysts at Berenberg bank in London. They rated the trade risk ahead of troubles from Italy's heavy debt load or faster than expected interest rate increases from the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Many European companies would suffer because they both produce and sell goods in the U.S. and China, the world's biggest economies.
For example, tariffs that China is expected to impose Friday on U.S.-made autos would hit German carmakers Daimler and BMW since they both make vehicles in the United States and export them to China.
Daimler has already lowered its outlook for profits, citing higher than expected costs from the new tariffs. BMW warned in a letter to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on Friday that tariffs would make it harder for it to sell in China the vehicles it builds at its factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina, "potentially leading to a strongly reduced export volumes and negative effects on investment and employment in the United States."
Last year, BMW exported 272,000 vehicles from the Spartanburg plant, more than half its total production. Of those, 81,000 — worth $2.37 billion — went to China. BMW says its exports reduced the U.S. trade deficit by around $1 billion.
By themselves, the tariffs that take effect Friday won't immediately have a dramatic impact on global trade. The fear is that retaliation will spiral, hitting the total amount of global commerce.
Even if the overall effect is to harm growth, there could be benefits for some European companies and sectors. Economists Alicia Garcia Herrero and Jianwei Xu at the French bank Natixis say that European makers of cars, aircraft, chemicals, computer chips and factory machinery could in theory snare market share by substituting for Chinese or American products in the two markets. But that's only if Europe's own trade dispute with the U.S. does not escalate — a big if.
Europe is waiting to see whether the Trump administration will go ahead separately with tariffs on auto imports. European companies like BMW, Daimler's Mercedes-Benz, Volkswagen's Porsche and Audi divisions, and Fiat Chrysler send $46.6 billion worth of vehicles every year to the U.S. Some 13.3 million people, or 6.1 percent of the employed population of the EU, work in the automotive sector, according to the European Automobile Manufacturers Association.
"Europe cannot win anything" on an overall basis "for one obvious reason: we are net exporters," said Garcia Herrero, chief economist for Asia Pacific at Natixis and a senior fellow at European research institute Bruegel. "But we should not understate the view that some sectors could get something out of a U.S.-China trade war."
Amid the brewing conflict, China has sought to get Europe on its side, putting on a diplomatic charm offensive during visits by Merkel and French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe. The EU and China agreed last month to deepen commercial ties and support trade rules. But the EU remains a close, longtime ally of the U.S. on a range of issues, despite the current tensions with the Trump administration.
One negative outcome for Europe, Herrero said, would be if Trump can push the Chinese into a trade agreement aimed at reducing the U.S. trade deficit. The additional U.S. goods to China could come at the expense of European competitors.
"If China concedes to the U.S. proposed agreement, the whole situation faced by the EU would be much tougher," she and Xu wrote in a research note. "For China to massively reduce its trade surplus with the U.S., it has to in some ways substitute its imports away from the EU to the U.S., which would have a significant negative impact on the EU producers."
___
Complete coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/Globaltrade
FILE PHOTO: Kim Jong Nam arrives at Beijing airport in Beijing, China, in this photo taken by Kyodo February 11, 2007. Mandatory credit Kyodo/via REUTERS/File Photo
KUALA LUMPUR The body of Kim Jong Nam, half-brother to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and the victim of a bizarre murder at Kuala Lumpur airport, is expected to leave by plane on Thursday, media reports and an aviation industry source said.
Kim's body was believed to be on Malaysia Airlines flight MH360 to Beijing, en route to North Korea, that was currently preparing for take off, media said.
The flight was behind its scheduled departure of 6 p.m. (1000 GMT)
"It is planned for...but not sure if (it's) happening," said the aviation industry source, when asked if the body would be flown out on Thursday.
The release of the body by Malaysia - which recently imposed a ban on North Korean nationals leaving the Southeast Asian country - was arranged to secure the return of nine Malaysians stranded in Pyongyang after North Korea imposed a travel ban on Malaysians leaving its borders.
Malaysian police say Kim was killed on Feb. 13 by two women who smeared super toxic VX nerve agent on his face at the Kuala Lumpur budget terminal.
North Korea is demanding Kim's body and three remaining suspects inside its embassy be returned to Pyongyang in exchange for an end to the travel ban on Malaysians, diplomatic sources have said.
Some media reports said the North Korean suspects were also leaving for Beijing on the same flight. Reuters could not independently verify this.
(Reporting by Liz Lee and Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Retail New Zealand says banks and credit card companies are charging Kiwi retailers much more for contactless and 'Paywave' transactions than other countries - and it is pushing up the price of goods for everyone.
The organisation says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
Greg Harford, speaking this morning to TVNZ 1's Breakfast programme, said the fees largely come from banks charging each other fees, which are passed on to consumers, but also that credit card companies are playing a part as well.
"New Zealand is one of the few countries in the world where credit card interchange fees are not regulated - so there's no government regulation around how much the banks and card companies are allowed to charge," Mr Harford said.
"Much of the cost involved in merchant fees results from the banks charging each other for the transaction - so much of it rests with the banks, but the credit card companies obviously also have a role to play as well.
"Both Visa and Mastercard have moved, over recent months, to lower some of the fees that banks can charge each other ... we haven't yet seen that flow through into what's happening in the [New Zealand] market, though."
Mr Harford says that, because retailers incorporate contactless transaction fees into the price of their goods and services, even those who don't use contactless payment are essentially paying for it.
"The costs of these transactions are all wrapped up into the costs of good and services that we buy," he said.
"It makes the costs of goods and services more expensive for everyone in New Zealand, even if you're paying by cash.
"Consumers certainly love the convenience of contactless technology - it's faster to make a payment, it allows you to use Apple Pay and similar applications on your phone as well, but it does come at a really big cost for the merchants and ultimately every retailer needs to make its own call as to whether the value and the speed of transactions outweighs the cost.
(Adds detail on British position, timing)
By Jan Strupczewski and Alastair Macdonald
BRUSSELS, Feb 2 (Reuters) - British and European Union negotiators will spend all next week in talks on Brexit, culminating in their first formal discussion of what their future relationship will look like after Britain has left the EU.
A schedule posted by EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier on Twitter on Friday confirmed he will meet his opposite number, Brexit Secretary David Davis, in London on Monday for the first time since EU leaders gave him instructions to agree a post-Brexit transition to ease Britain's departure.
After interim accords in December on key parts of the divorce terms, EU leaders agreed to launch talks on the transition and the future relationship.
EU officials expect a faster pace to negotiations compared to the roughly monthly rounds of talks lasting 2-3 days each time that was the norm last year. Both sides hope to conclude a deal on a transition in time for EU leaders to endorse it at a Brussels summit on March 22-23.
Though not legally binding unless and until it forms part of an overall withdrawal treaty, leaders hope a transition deal can calm nerves among investors.
Negotiating teams will hold the first technical talks in Brussels from Tuesday to Thursday on what a transition may look like, notably which courts might enforce the treaty and further discussions on avoiding a disruptive “hard” border with Ireland.
On Friday, Barnier and Davis's top officials, Sabine Weyand and Oliver Robbins, will meet in Brussels to wrap up progress made during the week.
The British side will also offer an “update on the future relationship”, according to Barnier.
A British official said they would not reveal details of trade proposals; Prime Minister Theresa May has caused some frustration in Brussels by failing to do that so far, although she is expected to lay out her trade ideas in the coming weeks.
Rather, the British official said, Friday's session would focus on areas where London has already declared its preferred outcomes, such as a close relationship in security matters and a “customs partnership”.
TRANSITION DEAL
Declared positions on both sides suggest little room for dispute, although May has rejected an EU demand that EU citizens who take up residence in Britain even after Brexit, but before the end of the transition, should enjoy the same lifetime rights which London agreed to grant to those who arrive before Brexit.
That has raised the prospect of delay, but May insisted on Friday that the transition deal would be done within seven weeks -- in time for the March EU summit.
The EU has offered Britain a status quo transition until the end of 2020 after Brexit. But there is disagreement inside May's Conservative Party over the citizens' rights issue and the scope of European Court of Justice jurisdiction during the transition.
Of more concern to some in Brussels is the continued lack of clarity on how Britain sees a free trade deal working.
EU leaders want to be able to agree instructions for their negotiators when they meet on March 22-23 so that trade talks can start in the weeks after that. But once May has revealed her demands it will take the EU some weeks to prepare those plans.
If they cannot meet the deadline of the March summit, the start of trade talks could be pushed back, possibly even beyond the next formal EU summit in late June, jeopardising hopes of having an outline trade accord ready by the end of the year.
“We still expect to be able to have the trade guidelines for the March summit,” one senior EU official said. “But Theresa May is being so discreet. If she doesn't say what she wants, we may not be able to prepare our position in time.”
An EU diplomat involved in Brexit talks said: “It's for them to tell us what they want. If they don't do it in a timely manner, they would be shooting themselves in the foot again.”
Digital Marketers India celebrated their first anniversary and discussed their journey so far. The company has registered amazing growth and seized various industry verticals with their expert digital marketing and other IT services.
Contact
Digital Marketers India
***@digitalmarketersindia.com Digital Marketers India
End
-- Digital Marketers India celebrated their first work anniversary on 1Feb. The statedhad started on 1Feb 2017 and has been in operations since then. The company has made tremendous success in the past one year. Ash Vyas, Director of the company celebrated the first company anniversary with the staff and delegates. The company's director shared about their journey so far and the progress made. She also shared about their future plans."I am glad and happy on this day. Started with one person and minimal monthly investment, with hard work, passion and clear vision, we could come so far. I am thankful to our digital marketing expert team who worked above and beyond to delight our customers.", shared Ash Vyas, Director, Digital Marketers India.The company has catered 25+ clients all across the globe with their different digital marketing and IT services, including, but not limited to,· SEO· Social Media Optimization (SMO)· Social Media Marketing (SMM)· Content Writing· Professional Blogging· Graphics Design· Video Animation· Landing page design and development· Web Development· Software Development· Paid to advertise· App Store Optimization· Mobile App Marketing· Digital Business Transformation· Digital Audit· Digital Consultation· Email MarketingThe company has also introduced digital marketing resource hiring models to their clients. According to the shared details, the digital marketing agency from India has a team working from different countries such as India, Philippines, and Georgia. With help of this widespread digital marketing team, the company has been catering its clients in seven different countries at the moment that are listed below:USA· UK· Canada· Denmark· India· Dubai· Israel· Landline Texting· Artificial Intelligence· SAAS (Software As A Service)· Web and Software Development· VoIP (Voice Over IP)· Education· Hospitality – Extended Stay· Destination Wedding· Photography· fsbdt Travel· Real Estate· Research and Data Mining· And moreThe team of the stated digital marketing agency was joyous on the made success and show determination to cater more clients with their futuristic approach and service."We are more proactive now and we have many interesting programs in mind. We will be contributing more in the digital marketing industry with our knowledge and expertise. We are discussing digital marketing projects with some big brands and we are positive about it. There is much more on the way.", shared Ash Vyas, Director, Digital Marketers India.The company launched a video sharing about their journey so far and milestones achieved in the past year. The video is featured on their YouTube Channel. The director of the company had written a Blog sharing her experience as an entrepreneur that is published on their website. The more details about the company and services offered are available on their official website: http://digitalmarketersindia.com/
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
South Korean prosecutors said Monday that the daughter of the confidante of impeached President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark, and that authorities were working to get her returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that she conspired to allow her longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government, AP said.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, over the weekend on charges of staying there illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because she didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of her mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Woman's University.
Several professors at Ewha, including a former school president, have been investigated for giving Chung preferential treatment.
One professor was arrested over the weekend for allegedly giving Chung a good grade for a class she never attended and for forcing his teaching assistants to forge exam records for her.
Choi, a secret confidante of Park, is accused of using her ties with the president to force top firms including Samsung to "donate" nearly $70 million to non-profit foundations which Choi then used as her personal ATMs.
Parliament voted on December 9 to impeach Park over the scandal and her executive powers have been handed to an acting president, Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn.
The impeachment case is being considered by the Constitutional Court – which has up to six months to reach a ruling – but hundreds of thousands of South Koreans have joined weekly protests calling for Park's immediate departure from office.
If the impeachment is confirmed, a presidential election will have to be held within 60 days.
Choi is awaiting trial on charges including coercion and abuse of power.
May 2 Trupanion Inc
* Trupanion reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 revenue rose 28 percent to $54.7 million
* Trupanion Inc says total enrolled pets was 364,259 at March 31, 2017, up 19% over prior year period
* Trupanion Inc says q1 subscription business revenue was $50.2 million, an increase of 28% compared to q1 of 2016
* Trupanion Inc says subscription enrolled pets was 334,909 at March 31, 2017, up 17% over prior year period
* Trupanion Inc - qtrly loss per share $0.05
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.06, revenue view $53.4 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
The army's chief spokesman said on Monday that the woman, identified as Noreen Leghari, was originally from Hyderabad and had been hiding in Lahore to prepare an attack on the Christian community.
Leghari, a medical student, made confessions about her planned attack in a video, which was shown to journalists on Monday. In the video, the woman said the attack was planned on an unnamed church on Easter. She said that she had joined two men in Lahore to prepare the attack.
"They had two (explosive-filled) jackets and four hand grenades, and the jackets were to be used for an attack on some church during Easter, and I was to be the suicide bomber," Leghari said during the confessions, adding, "But before that, on the night of April 14, the security forces raided our hideout."
Major Gen. Asif Ghafoor, the director general of the army's public relations wing, said the raid on the hideout of the terrorists was part of a broader operation launched by Islamabad in February to go after the Daesh extremists. The massive operation began after the Takfiri terrorists claimed a series of attacks, including the bombing of a shrine that killed dozens of people.
Since the beginning of the operation, some 4,510 suspected militants, including Ehsanullah Ehsan, spokesman and leader of Pakistani Taliban offshoot Jamaat-ur-Ahrar, have been arrested across Pakistan. The group was behind a major bombing that killed 70 people in Lahore last Easter.
Ghafoor said the terror groups were capitalizing on young Pakistani people to recruit operatives and carry out attacks.
"These kids are our kids. The youth bulge is our strength. When terrorists begin targeting our youth then you can estimate what kind of effect this will have on our society," he said.
The official denied that Leghari had received training from Daesh in Iraq and Syria before joining the terror cell in Lahore.
Ghafoor said the woman “was recovered from Lahore, which means she never went to Syria.”
Curious about their roots, consumers are spending tens of million of dollars each year getting their DNA tested and then proclaiming they are one-quarter Irish, 22 percent Scandinavian or 14 percent Native American.
These pie charts of ethnicity make for great water-cooler conversation. But what about the science? Experts say it is still in its infancy, can reinforce stereotypes and sometimes is flat-out wrong.
Scott Woodward, a former employee of Ancestry.com who helped build the company's database of ethnic markers, said DNA services are prompting millions to ask questions about their family history. He sees that as beneficial. But he's troubled that so many consumers see ethnic analysis as a hard science, when there are well-known limitations.
"It is a very, very hard problem," said Woodward, a Utah academic who previously was Ancestry's director of genomic discovery. "People like to draw hard lines with ethnicity, and they should be fluffy clouds."
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Ancestry — the industry leader, with more than 5 million people tested — marketed its DNA-testing kits by claiming it offers five times more detail about family history than competitors. Some independent evaluators have praised the company for how it presents ethnicity data and places it in a historical context.
But Ancestry officials acknowledge there are large data gaps that prevent making connections between people's DNA and certain ethnic groups worldwide.
Ancestry is strong in analyzing the bulk of the U.S. population — people of European descent and African-Americans whose ancestors came across the Atlantic on slave ships, particularly from West Africa.
But the company's analysis is less strong in teasing out the ethnic background of people whose ancestors came from China or India — countries that now comprise 37 percent of the world's population.
"We want to make it better," said Catherine Ball, chief scientific officer for Ancestry. "We are proud of the work we have done so far, yet dissatisfied. We always want to make it better."
Tubes of human spit await processing at the DNA-analysis lab of Illumina, a California contractor for AncestryDNA, on April 16, 2018. Stuart Leavenworth McClatchy
A three-month investigation by McClatchy revealed Ancestry's growth in DNA testing has come with a pattern of broken promises to customers and privacy concerns. But for consumers comfortable with paying a company to analyze their DNA and store it for perpetuity, the bigger question is: Are these test results accurate?
Companies such as Ancestry, 23andMe and Helix make ethnicity estimates by comparing people's DNA to "reference populations" — people who have agreed to have their DNA tested and their family histories shared. Ancestry say it has developed a reference panel made up of 3,000 DNA samples worldwide.
After a customer submits his or her DNA for analysis, Ancestry examines 700,000 markers in that sample and compares it to its reference panel. "Then we come up with statistically plausible distribution of where your ancestors come from," Ball said during a recent interview at Ancestry's science offices in San Francisco.
Ancestry built its ethnicity reference panel from a DNA database compiled by the Sorenson Molecular Genealogy Foundation, which, from 2000 to 2012, collected DNA samples from roughly 100,000 people worldwide. The goal of the foundation, launched by the late Utah billionaire James L. Sorenson, was to demonstrate how people of the world are related to each other.
Utah-based Ancestry.com acquired the database in 2012, six years after Sorenson died. The company now uses the data to explore ethnic differences between customers, a purpose far different than Sorenson's lofty goal.
The Sorenson data has "served as the backbone of our proprietary databases," said Ball. "That has enabled us have a very strong ethnicity estimates for places such as western Africa, places like Scandinavia."
But the foundation's international sampling was far from comprehensive. China and other countries have restrictions on taking DNA out of the country, which limited the number of samples taken from that part of the world. Moreover, the Sorenson foundation had a particular focus on regions where the bulk of the U.S. population originated, said Woodward, who served as the foundation's executive director for 12 years.
As a result, Ancestry's reference panel — detailed in a 2013 "white paper" released by the company — has relatively few DNA samples from China, India and other part of Asia.
For some African-Americans, Ancestry's analysis is superior to that of other companies. Megan Rose Dickey, a writer for TechCrunch, was impressed last year that Ancestry could give her percentage estimates of how much of her DNA came from what is now Nigeria, Ghana and Senegal, instead of lumping it all in as from "West Africa."
Yet others have been less satisfied. When Chinese-Americans take Ancestry DNA tests, they generally learn they have a high percentage of "Asia East" DNA, a category that includes all of China — which has more than 50 ethnic minorities and one fifth of the world's population — and several neighboring countries.
"From a customer's viewpoint, the DNA kits are not cheap at $100," wrote Maria Adcock, a Chinese-American blogger, in a product review last year. "Customers want value, and at least for Asian Americans this value may prove limited."
An Ancestry.com promotion from 2018. Ancestry.com
For years, anthropologists and other critics of commercial DNA testing have warned consumers to approach these tests with a high degree of skepticism.
"They might be accurate, but it might be just as accurate to look at yourself in the mirror," said Jonathan Marks, an anthropology professor at University of North Carolina-Charlotte.
Marks agreed there is benefit in people exploring their ancestor's origins. But DNA tests, he said, too often become an end point in this exploration, instead a place to start.
"People need to realize that genomics companies are a mix of science and corporate hucksterism," Marks said. "You need to think about the difference between the product they are selling, and the product you are buying."
Defenders of DNA testing say it has sparked healthy conversations about heritage, and has furthered family discoveries. Because of DNA testing, orphans have tracked down biological parents. A Vietnam war veteran learned of a son born in Vietnam and later met him for the first time. A daughter learned that her parent's fertility doctor was her father, having deceptively used his own sperm to impregnate her mother, according to a lawsuit filed in Idaho.
But DNA testing, and the way it is interpreted, also may be reinforcing racial stereotypes, according to a 2014 report published in Social Psychology Quarterly. "An unintended consequence of the genomic revolution may be to reinvigorate age-old beliefs in essential racial differences," the report's authors said.
Woodward says he worries about false perceptions as DNA testing booms.
"The whole idea of what is a race biologically is still pretty problematic," he said. "We can take all of the humans on the earth, and we are essentially one big species. The amount of variation, the amount of uniqueness from one population to another population is pretty small compared to the overall."
Ancestry itself has been accused, at times, of reinforcing racial stereotypes.
During this year's Winter Olympics, Ancestry ran TV ads urging people to discover "their greatness." The voice-over equated Scandinavian heritage with "precision," Central Asian heritage with "grace" and British heritage with "drive."
Reaction was strong. Online commenters criticized Ancestry for "textbook racism." A watchdog group, the Center for Genetics and Society, labeled the ad spot as a "socially divisive, genetically essentialist marketing ploy."
For their part, Ancestry officials say they are constantly reevaluating how they market their services and present DNA results to customers. Ball said the company wants to diversify the samples its uses in the ethnicity reference panel, but collecting such samples internationally can be problematic.
"There are a lot of complicated sociopolitical dynamics and cultural dynamics, and you have to be respectful of that too," she said.
Ball added that, if Ancestry has statistical biases, it reflects genomic research, which receives much of its funding from U.S. and European sources. "That doesn't mean we are happy," she said. "We are always pushing."
Others are pushing as well.
In 2016, investors launched a Chinese company called WeGene, promising a more granular analysis of ethnicity for people of Chinese and Asian backgrounds. Customers who have had their DNA analyzed by Ancestry or 23andMe can load their raw data onto the WeGene site, and get a more breakdown of their ancestry, whether it be Han Chinese, Hmong, Tibetan, Dai or other ethnic groups.
But the accuracy of WeGene's analysis is difficult to verify. As the anthropologist Troy Duster wrote in 2009, "There is a complete absence of regulation or quality control with genetic ancestry testing."
Coming tomorrow: Why is AncestryDNA's main research partner so secretive?
International Boxing Federation (IBF) super flyweight champion Jerwin Ancajas defends his title against Mexican challenger Israel Gonzalez today (Philippine time) at the Bank of America Center in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Top Rank Promotion chief Bob Arum is confident that Ancajas (28-1-1 win-loss-draw record with 19 knockouts) can live up to the people's expectations to win his fourth title defense. Ancajas KO'd his three previous challengers last year.
“He (Gonzalez) is a dangerous opponent but we believe Jerwin will prevail victorious because he is a better fighter each time out,” Arum told The Manila Times via overseas call.
“I think he is going to do very well. We have great high hopes for him in this fight and in the future,” he added.
After making the super flyweight limit during Saturday's weigh-in, trainer and manager Joven Jimenez said the Panabo Davao del Norte boxer is ready to face the Mexican challenger and retain his crown for the fourth time.
“Everything is ready and we hit our target perfectly as far as preparation is concerned. We're expecting Gonzalez to come out aggressive and Jerwin should dictate the tempo of the fight,” said Jimenez.
“With regards to knockout, we will just let it come and we are not going to focus on that too much,” he added.
The 26-year-old fighter weighed in at 114.75 pounds in the scale while Gonzalez (21-1 win-loss record with eight knockouts) tipped the scale at 114 pounds.
Arum said he was surprised that Ancajas was warmly welcomed in Texas, a US state which is a stronghold of over a million Hispanics.
“He (Ancajas) created a big impression here in Texas and we are all excited. There are big articles on him in the newspaper,” said Arum.
After his impressive knockout wins against Jose Alfredo Rodriguez of Mexico, Teiru Kinoshita of Japan and Irish Jamie Conlan last year, Ancajas was given a chance to showcase his boxing skills in the US for the first time by the Top Rank Promotion.
Gonzalez, known for being a smart and aggressive pug, is coming off an eight-fight winning streak. He scored a technical knockout win over Raymundo Hernandez of Nicaragua in Mexico last November 3.
Undefeated Mexican World Boxing Organization super middleweight champion Gilberto Ramirez (36-0 record with 24 knockouts) battles another unbeaten fighter Habib Ahmed (25-0-1 record with 17 knockouts) of Ghana in the other main event bout.
The global office furniture market includes all furniture assets in an office such as cabinets, tables, seating furniture etc. Furniture is an important part of modern offices. Office furniture differentiates corporate buildings from residential buildings. Office furniture is also associated with employee productivity and overall work lifestyle of an employee. Employee ergonomics is heavily dependent on the seating furniture and desk furniture at the office. Most employees spend most of their daylight time in office; hence, offices need to provide them with good furniture.
Rising service industry, especially information and technology services is a key driver for growth of the global office furniture market. In recent years, service industry has grown significantly. Unlike manufacturing industry, service industry requires big corporate offices instead of big production plants. Service industry is human resource intensive. Quality and scale of the services is heavily dependent on human resources of a service company.
To acquire and to retain skilled employees, service companies need to improve work life of its employees. Furniture is a key aspect of work life of an employee in a service industry. Hence, service companies tend to buy quality furniture to acquire and retain employees. The growing service industry is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Multiple IT parks and commerce zones have standard furniture throughout the building, usually leased to companies. Large scale manufacturing of office furniture and standardization of office furniture helps office furniture manufacturers to minimize the costs. Due to automation in office furniture manufacturing, manufactures can design standard desks, cabinets, or seating systems at much lower cost as compared to customized requirements. Standardization of office furniture in IT parks and commerce zones is expected to boost the global office furniture market in the near future.
Request Brochure https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=34508
Limited land for tree planting to harvest wood is a key restraint for wooden office furniture. Though demand for wooden furniture is high, supply of wooden furniture is limited to the availability of the wood resource. Wood production is limited to trees available for harvesting. Due to limited production of wood resource, other types of office furniture such as plastic/fiber or glass furniture are expected to capture some share of the wooden office furniture market.
Metal office furniture is expensive as the metallurgical process needed to acquire refined metal is expensive. However, strength and lifespan of metal furniture is much better than other types of office furniture. Metal office furniture segment is expected to expand significantly in the near future.
Get Table of Content for detail analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=34508
Plastic and fiber office furniture is lightweight as compared to wooden or metal furniture. It is also on an average, cheaper than wooden or metal furniture. Some type of plastic and fiber material are not sturdy and have a shorter lifespan while some fiber materials are very sturdy and have a longer lifespan. Prices of products in this category vary greatly depending on quality of plastic/fiber material used.
The global office furniture market can be segmented on the basis of furniture type, material type, and geography. On the basis of furniture type, the market can be segmented into seating, storage units, tables, ceiling and others. On the basis of material type, the market can be divided into four segments: wood, metal, plastic/fiber, and others. Others segment includes hybrid and glass furniture.On the basis of geography, the global office furniture market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East & Africa (MEA), and South America.
"NTD Design Pro" allows Nite Time Decor contractors to create a full landscape lighting design using a picture of the clients home or office.
Nite Time Decor Outdoor Lighting Systems
Contact
Landscape Lighting Software and Lighting Effects
***@landscapelightingsoftware.com Landscape Lighting Software and Lighting Effects
End
-- Nite Time Decor Outdoor Lighting Systems located in Irving Texas a leading provider of low-voltage landscape lighting products, information, training and support for their dealers. "NTD Design Pro" has two parts, a photo imaging program and night effects program.The NTD Design Pro programs have all the Nite Time Decor lighting fixtures and specification sheets. This allows the user to take a picture of a project during the day and show the customer what their project is going to look like at night with Nite Time Decor lighting fixtures installed in a matter of minutes. Saving the installer hours of time. No more driving out to the location at night to set up fixtures. Now a potential client can visualize the installation and how the lighting fixtures will light up their property for aesthetics and safety. Clients immediately realize Landscape Lighting is a smart investment and want to close the deal quickly.The built-in training videos make learning NTD Design Pro easy. If you should have questtions or need support it is provided by Landscape Lighting Software and there is never a charge. The "NTD Design Pro" programs is available only to Nite Time Décor dealers and contractors. Please Call Nite Time Decor Outdoor Lighting Systems direct at: 877-552-4242 for dealer and program information,Landscape Lighting Software http://www.LandscapeLightingSoftware.com helps lighting manufacturers support their contractors and dealers by providing custom branded software programs for their dealer network.
December sees the release of the much-anticipated new Star Wars film The Last Jedi.
The film's official UK release date is Friday, December 15, but avid Star Wars fans can catch showings of the latest instalment of the sci-fi franchise the day before in Corby and Kettering.
The Last Jedi
At the Odeon, Kettering, the first screening takes place at just after midnight on Thursday, December 14, as part of a double bill with Episode VII.
It is then on at numerous other times throughout the day and evening in both 3D and 2D, and then showing daily up until at least December 28.
The situation is the same at the Savoy in Corby, when Episodes VII and VIII will be screened back to back from 9.20pm on the Wednesday (December 13), with the latest film starting at about midnight.
Bookings are currently being taken for performances in 2D and 3D no further on than Sunday, December 17, at the moment.
Wellingborough fans of the sci-fi franchise will have to wait until January to see the film, when the Castle has evening screenings on January 29 and 30 and February 1.
Ecteon logo
Contact
Angela Gibson
***@philosophycommunication.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12610046/1 Angela Gibson
End
-- Ecteon , the pioneer of contract management software, announced today that it has been recognized as one of the top 20 Procurement Solution Providers of 2016 by CIOReview.Ecteon provides a full range of contract management software services. It has extensive expertise and knowledge across multiple industries and offers consulting services to help clients optimize their contract management systems. Contraxx – enterprise contract management software – lets organizations monitor these details throughout the contract life cycle, ensuring vendor compliance and increasing profitability.Contraxx will shorten the procurement cycle by automating contract review, using standard language and terms, streamlining approval processes and using alerts and notifications to ensure renewals and other date-sensitive milestones are addressedFounded in 1986, Ecteon provides business process planning, implementation, training and support. With over 30 years of experience in the business, Ecteon has developed extensive expertise and knowledge across multiple industries and also provides consulting services to help optimize contract management systems. For more info, visit: www.ecteon.com Published from Fremont, California, CIOReview is a print magazine that explores and understands the plethora of ways adopted by firms to execute the smooth functioning of their businesses. The magazine acts as an excellent platform for all the enterprise leaders and IT experts to share their experience and knowledge about software technologies and solutions that can redefine the business goals of enterprises tomorrow. For more info, visit: www.cioreview.com.
With Garrett not running, Dems see greater opportunity in 5th District
| By
The 5th District Republican Committee will select its candidate next month to replace Congressman Tom Garrett, who announced Monday he will not seek re-election. No matter who is on the ballot, the race now has even greater national importance, because Democrats now sense a greater opportunity to move the district to their side of the aisle. It could become pivotal in determining which party controls the House next year. WFIR's Evan Jones has more:
05-30 5th District Wrap-WEB
The Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) announces that 281 out of 317 passed the Mining Engineer Licensure Examination given by the Board of Mining Engineering in Manila, Baguio, Cebu and Legazpi this August 2017.
Seq. No. N a m e
1 ABUHAN, VIZMIN JAY CANADALLA
2 ADAPTAR, AL NASSER RANAIN
3 ADECER, CAMILLE VILLA FLORES
4 Adonises, JASON DANIEL
5 ADVINCULA, JULIUS CZAR ORTIZ
6 AFIDCHAO, KYRIE CLEOFE LIKIGAN
7 AGUDELO, JEFF DAVID SADSAD
8 AGUILAR, STELLA MARIE BALBIN
9 AIDASANI, MAUREEN ANNE SUGANOB
10 ALAC, RHENLIE MAE IGNALIG
11 ALEJO, NOEMI MESA
12 ALFARO, ELDYNMER JR CORBETA
13 ALISOSO, BENJIE PANER
14 ALIVIO, LARISSA LOUISE PIROTE
15 ALTURA, ADAM KRISTOFF ROMERO
16 AMAG, JOHN DARWIN SAN JUAN
17 ANONOY, BERNADETTE BITHAO
18 ANTONIO, MARIE JONE BALBALIN
19 ARAYSA, ROSE MARIE QUIÑONES
20 ARCIAGA, JHANMEE OCOL
21 ARCILLA, HELBERT QUINDAO
22 ARGANDA, JEREMY BUYAYO
23 ARINDIG, SHAIRAH DELACERNA
24 ARRANZ, CHRISTIAN GUSTO
25 BADEO, JUNEL BOYLES
26 BALBUENA, IAN ALTAREJOS
27 BALLAKIS, PHOEBE GRACE TANGGACAN
28 BANIAGA, JESTON ORGANO
29 BANTA, MICHAEL KEVIN AÑONUEVO
30 BARRIDA, EDMAE CAROL COTEJO
31 BARROSO, JON CARLOW LACDO-O
32 BAUTISTA, QUEN RUSSEL SAYCON
33 BAYACSAN, CHERISH COTINGUEY
34 BAYAGEN, JERGENS DOMINGUEZ
35 BAÑARES, CHRISTINE NEPOMUCENO
36 BETANIO, JOEYMAR SULAPAS
37 BIAG, CALVIN ABEN
38 BILAGOT, EMILIO JR LIDANG
39 BINABISE, JAKE COSTIAN
40 BINGHOY, CHARLES GUMANOY
41 BOLANGA, ALYSSA MAE BARCIA
42 BOLINGOT, BARRY AGUILAR
43 BONTAO, KEITH LEYMANN GAYOMALI
44 BORROMEO, JEPE SORDILLA
45 Bosques, SANDER SHANE BECERA
46 Bostons, KRYSTEL LAGDAMEN
47 BRIGOLE, BRELIMAR MADRONERO
48 BUENVIAJE, CHRISTIAN JOSEPH
49 BUGTONG, CAROLINE GUINIAOAN
50 BUNAN, VIRNA ESTELA ROYO
51 BUNGALAN, JOSE MARI MABALOT
52 CABACHETE, ROD ANTHONY CALANG
53 Caballeros, JOHN VILLACAMPA
54 CABANILLA, ROSE MAE DINAMPO
55 CABEZA, DEXTER MENENDEZ
56 CABRERA, JOLLY ANNE DUMAGUIT
57 CABRIA, GELAINE CHAVEZ
58 CABUG, NICK GEORGE MAGLENTE
59 CALDERON, JERELBEN ESTACAAN
60 CALE, CLINT NAUTAN
61 CALLOS, LAURENCE MALAGUEÑO
62 CALUYONG, RIAJH JEANNE CONALES
63 CALYAEN, JIRAH ANGELA TINDAAN
64 CAMBOD, CHARMAINE BATAEC
65 CAMILO, PATRICK CALARA
66 CAMLAS, ODEZA PACIO
67 Campos, RONEL SALAZAR
68 CAMPOLLO, MARK JOSEPH BALMEDINA
69 CANIBEL, CLAUDINE LOMOLOY
70 CAO, JOSEF JADWAY VALENCIA
71 CAPIN, HEBER LUMONGSOD
72 CARAS, MADISON GABRIEL ESTIMO
73 CARIÑO, AMOR CAMSOL
74 CARULLO, MA PRINCESS HAZEL GALICIA
75 CASIPONG, FAITH NIÑA GABIJAN
76 CASTILLANES, KIER QUIÑONES
77 CASTILLO, RONN CHRISTIAN SALAMAT
78 CENTINO, RONALD FERNANDEZ
79 CERILLO, JARWIN LAURENTE
80 CHANNAS, WILLIAM EKID
81 CHAVEZ, EMMA RUTH BEGUIRAS
82 CHEE, LESLIE MARI ANINO
83 CHUA, JOHNNY JR RIPO
84 COM-ONG, ALKENE YRAM ATIWAG
85 CORPUZ, DENIEL JIREH MAGDADARO
86 CORTEZ, MARIE ANTOINETTE LEONGAS
87 CORTEZ, MARIFEL LEONGAS
88 CRUZ, JENICE ROBLE
89 CUARTEL, JUNE RUSSELL DULANAS
90 CURATO, MARGARET NICOLE LEOPARDAS
91 DAET, ANGELA CUEBILLAS
92 DAKAY, CARL JOSEPH BARIQUIT
93 DAMALERIO, ALCLEVEN BALDOVINO
94 DAMOT, CYPRIAN JEREMIAH QUEYQUEP
95 DANCALAN, JOWIE JOSEPH ANGOB
96 DE LA TORRE, LEONER SANTILLAN
97 DELOLA, APRIL JOY MIRABEL
98 DELUMEN, MARK ANTHONY OLINGAY
99 DESTAJO, SHEENA PANCHO
100 DIAWAN, DALE WILFER TANACIO
101 DIAZ, KENNETH LORENZE OLAVERE
102 DION, CARL FRONDA
103 DUMO, HAROLD JAMES SAJULGA
104 DURAN, MARK VINCENT NUÑEZ
105 EBRADA, JERIC BALIDOY
106 ELANO, GILBEY'S JAME CABAHUG
107 ENGBINO, CRISTIAN ROME CARLOS
108 ENTOMA, MARK LOUIE VILLACES
109 EPINO, ROMEO JR SALANGUSTE
110 EREDIA, KHRISTIAN ABANGAN
111 ESCOBIA, JOHN ROLIE BUENAVENTURA
112 ESCURO, JASPER DICHOSO
113 ESPEDILLA, JAKE TOMEMBO
114 EVANGELIO, JEAN PIERRE GORRE
115 FALISONG, BRYANT KIM FACLANGEN
116 FERNANDEZ, ARLON PAUL NOMBRES
117 FLORA, JERICO PAUL MENDOZA
118 FULAY, ANDREA VALDEZ
119 GABUYA, JENNY ROSE TOLETE
120 GALAGALA, ROY ABUCAY
121 GALAURA, JANENNE CASTILLANO
122 GARCIA, PAULINE GABIONZA
123 GECOSO, CATHY MAY LEGASPI
124 GEMAO, REYNA ANINO
125 GILOS, AVEL JACOB TUMULAK
126 GRAGEDA, JOESCEL JAMES IVAN MARBELLA
127 GRANADA, JESEMMANUEL LADARAN
128 GUAKI, ALFE COSTIAN
129 GUIAB, GERALD MELLA
130 GUIMBANGUNAN, AVEGAIL PADUHILAO
131 GUIMBAWAN, EZRA MELECIO
132 HABILING, WILBUR BIDANG
133 HEBRON, REGIENALD DOMINGO
134 INDAYA, DAISY BONAOBRA
135 JUMALON, NOEMI LIM
136 KATIPUNAN, APOLINARIO JAVIER
137 KEWAN, WILLIAM JR SINGSON
138 KIM, CHAD CEDRIC LUMBAS
139 LANDAGAN, ELIAZAR EVIA
140 LANDINGIN, CHARLEANE RAMOS
141 LAORDEN, FREDDIE MALAQUE
142 LATO, IAN CABILI
143 LAYUGAN, AUDEE SIWAGON
144 LIBRE, JESIREL MALUNES
145 LISONDRA, JADE GEALOGO
146 LLACUNA, CHARMAINE GAVIA
147 LLARENA, DIANNE HOMO
148 LOPENA, SHERI RAMONIDA
149 LOPEZ, JOSHUA MIGUEL DENIEGA
150 LUGO, MARIE THERESE JUNE GUERTA
151 LUMAYNA, LAIKA VEN MARQUEZ
152 LUZ, ROEL ANTHONY SUAREZ
153 MABATO, JURIEL ESCOREL
154 MAGBAG, CHRISTIAN ARMAND VICTORIA
155 MAGNO, JAYSON TOREN
156 MALTO, RALPH SANTIAGO
157 MANGAOANG, JOHN SALVADOR USTARE
158 MANGOLTAD, MYLA JANE PADINAY
159 MANI, ARNOLD DALUYEN
160 MANORIÑA, MELWIN MILLENA
161 MANUEL, JAPHET MAESTRECAMPO
162 MARANAN, MARY ANN FALLORINA
163 MARBELLA, AÑO EVE MEJILLANO
164 MARTIZANO, AIRENE SERNA
165 MASAMOC, MELQUISEDIC VALLESTER
166 MATANGUIHAN, FELIX JR TOLENTINO
167 MATIAS, JOVAN KIGAS
168 MATING, EDISON DOMILIES
169 MENDOZA, JOVELYN ALBAN
170 MENESES, RAWLAND JUDE LOMIBAO
171 MERCADO, MERCY CABALES
172 MEROSA, JANICE NICOLE PENSERGA
173 MONDALA, APRIL KAYTE PATAYAN
174 MONDING, ANELYN LLIDO
175 MONDOYO, JOHN ESOR FRANCESS DELOS ANGELES
176 MORANTE, PAULA BLESSIE GALLARDO
177 MORGIA, PHILLIP SANTI MONCANO
178 MOYO, GYLES JAMIN IV LLANZA
179 NAKIHID, JASPER JAKE CERDENIOLA
180 NAPEÑAS, ANNE MARIE NUVAL
181 NAVALES, VIVIAN BANDOQUILLO
182 NAVERA, YVETTE MAE ORAYE
183 NG, JOHN LOUIS ALINSUOT
184 NIEVA, ROGELIO BALOTOC
185 NOTA, PATRICK ANTHONY RIVERA
186 NUENA, LYNJON CADENAS
187 OBEJA, JARWIN DAVID MAXIMALES
188 OBINQUE, CARREN RESMA
189 OCAMPO, MAURIELLE JOHN INUTAN
190 Octas, RAINALYN SOLLEGUE
191 OGGANG, JI-AN RUTH LANGKIT
192 OLAT, PAMELA DAWN OSBUCAN
193 ORABA, EVAMIE PETALLO
194 ORDILLO, ARIEL ANGIWAN
195 ORRIESGA, ZELKA ANGELEI NILLAS
196 ORTEZA, MARIA RANIELA PARAISO
197 ORTIZ, NINA CORISSA LU
198 OSERA, CRISVI LUZ DIAZ
199 OSTING, WILLIE JR BAYANGAN
200 PAATAN, KAIZER VINN EGID
201 PACOT, PHILIP JR BANAYBANAY
202 PADINAS, AGNES LAMANILAO
203 PAEZ, PAULA FAYE TRINIDAD
204 PAJES, ANGELICA LOGENIO
205 PANARNGON, VINCENT OCDE
206 PANCHITO, KARLO KLAUDIO MORON
207 PAREDES, BRAIAN DECK CABUSAS
208 PASCUAL, JER AIAN ANTONIO
209 Pedros, KEVIN DELA CRUZ
210 PEREYRA, RAYJAY CAPELLAN
211 PEREZ, ARMANDO JR YAOYAO
212 PEREZ, JOVIE MARIE GUIANAN
213 PIOS, VINCENT CAWIT
214 PORCIUNCULA, LUIZ MIGUEL ANCHETA
215 PRADO, DARREN FERNANDEZ
216 PRADO, KEVIN PAIRA
217 PUDAY, JOMAR CUDIAM
218 RAMOS, MARK ALLEN MANALASTAS
219 RAMPAS, DANICA SABADO
220 RANCE, BRYAN GRUMO
221 RAYMUNDO, CEASAR IAN CHOMACOG
222 RAYMUNDO, GARTH SAP-A
223 RAÑESES, JUDE PATRICK MADRID
224 REDRICO, KRISS SHARLYN CAPELLAN
225 REGAL, GABRIEL HERMINIO CANCIO
226 RODRIGUEZ, DAN ARTHUR CALAMBA
227 ROSALES, CHRISSE JOY CASTIGON
228 ROSERO, ELMO CEREZO
229 ROZ, STEPHANIE DAJAB
230 SAB-IT, DINO JR MITAS
231 SABIANO, EDEN ROSE PANGANIBAN
232 SABINO, RUFFY IAN BINONG
233 SACEDOR, ERNEST RASE ALERTA
234 SAGAYO, PHILIP CARL BULONG
235 SAILOG, JUVELYN FABRICANTE
236 SALAZAR, JET CARDENAS
237 SALILIN, JESSICA ESCOSURA
238 SAN BUENAVENTURA, JUDE VIBAR
239 SAPURAS, JOSHUA REY ESPESO
240 SCHOENHUBER, DOMINIK JOHANNES SARONA
241 SEDA, JANETH LAMPERA
242 Sepulchres, CARON ABANCE
243 Serranos, VIVIAN LUMANGLANG
244 SIANEN, LISTER CAWED
245 SIBUCAO, JOSE GERARDO ANGEL
246 SIMON, MA LORRAINE HERMOSILLA
247 SIONOSA, MARK KENNETH MAHILUM
248 SOLAMO, MARY ANN SALOME
249 Sons, ANNABELLE MENCHAVEZ
250 SONSON, JOHN RHOD DE LUNA
251 STRAUBHAAR, JISSELLE MADRONA
252 SUBINGSUBING, POMPEII NIKOLAI MONTEALEGRE
253 SUMANGIL, LYNN MITZI CELLES
254 Sunis, JAVAR SABADO
255 SUYMAN, CHRISTIAN AARON ECLE
256 TABAR, MICHAEL JOHN ANTIPOLO
257 TABUCAO, JULIUS CESAR OLARTE
258 TAN, RICHARD DEAN RICK LUDYAWAN
259 TAPALES, CRYSTAL SHEEN ESPUERTA
260 TECSON, JELYN ARAOJO
261 TENIO, JOENEIL SOLLANO
262 TIONGSON, ISMAEL LUIS LAZO
263 TISADO, JENNIFER GASULAS
264 Toledos, GORGE JACOB CABILES
265 TROGO, ART DONICK TURCO
266 UBOAN, XYRON CZARYLL BORJA
267 UGALDE, APRIL LETIM
268 UMBAY, SHAMEL MYCA BARAZON
269 UYTIEPO, NEAL CHRISTOPHER TEMPORAL
270 VALDEZ, MARVIN CAPINIG
271 VALENTIN, RICHARD JAMES TAN
272 VALERIO, STEPHANIE BAUZON
273 VARGAS, ROMEO GENGHIS KHAN DELA CERNA
274 VELOZ, PETER JOHN BAGAHANSOL
275 VENTENILLA, HELI SENN BUYAGAO
276 VIENA, MERIAN FRANCISCO
277 VILLANUEVA, RONALD PANOTSOL
278 VILLAR, JOHN KEVIN DOMINGO
279 WALCIEN, VON EXEQUIEL BUMA-A
280 WALSHE, STEVEN BENCIO
281 WAYAS, DENVER SACPA
NOTHING FOLLOWS———————-
TIMMINS -
Spending $2 million to relocate the Whitney firefighters to a new hall on the Northern College campus would make sense if it was going to enhance service or reduce operating costs.
However, the decision council agreed to with Northern College on Monday night does neither.
The Whitney fire hall, Timmins council was told, is a structurally sound building. There is no dire need to replace it.
In fact, Timmins Fire Chief Mike Pintar told council moving the Whitney firefighters from the centre of Porcupine to a new building on campus would likely delay their average response times by up to four minutes based on the fact the vast majority of Whitney fire calls are east of the Porcupine bridge.
Pintar said he would rather see the $2 million spent on vital equipment.
The majority of council ignored his suggestion, voting 5-4 in favour of spending the money on a fire hall they don't need.
The city's initial interest in an integrated emergency services complex at Northern College was fuelled by a plan to amalgamate the Whitney and South Porcupine fire halls, which would have provided cost savings.
When the volunteers balked at the idea and council acquiesced to their wishes, that should have ended the city's involvement.
But that didn't stop the college from pursuing funding. In November, Northern College announced it was receiving $11 million in federal and provincial funding to establish this much-talked-about complex.
Council subsequently decided it would contribute $2 million in support of this project and relocate just the Whitney fire hall within this complex.
The South Porcupine fire hall would remain a standalone facility.
That decision is even more perverse when one considers the financial crunch the city is in right now.
As Coun. Joe Campbell pointed out Monday, “Two nights from now (at a budget meeting) we're going to be sitting here at this table, hacking and cutting some of our departments' requests ... things that have a much higher priority than this and (provide) much more benefit to the city.”
Timmins Mayor Steve Black equated council's decision to the city's $1.5-million donation to the hospital a few years back.
There's a big difference.
Investing in our hospital undeniably benefits the entire community.
Meanwhile, it appears this $2 million investment may actually leave East End residents who rely on fire services worse off.
— Ron Grech
RGrech@postmedia.com
India's federal police filed charges on Monday against a former chairman of state-run Canara Bank and others over allegations that the officials helped a company defraud the bank of about $10.5 million taken in loans over four years ago.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) also said it had arrested seven people - including two former managers of the country's top lender, State Bank of India, a former manager of Canara Bank and directors of a Kolkata-based private company - in a separate "bank fraud" case of about 150 million rupees ($2.3 million).
India has cracked down on shady loans in its mammoth state banking sector after a more than $2 billion fraud was uncovered at state-run Punjab National Bank (PNB) earlier this year.
As of last September, state banks held about 87 percent of the Indian banking system's 9.46 trillion rupees (about $147 billion) of soured loans that are non-performing, restructured or rolled over.
In the December 2013 case, the CBI, the federal investigating agency, said charges were filed against five former Canara Bank officials including former chairman and managing director R.K. Dubey, two former executive directors of the bank and a current bank official.
A Delhi-based private company and its directors were also charged, the CBI said in a statement.
Canara Bank did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Dubey was not immediately available for a comment.
The CBI, which had first registered the case in 2016, said a 683.8 million rupee loan to the Delhi-based jewellery company, Occasion Silver Pvt Ltd, turned bad within a year of the bank giving it the loan.
"The funds were siphoned off through a chain of alleged bogus transactions facilitated by fake sister concerns, family members and bank officials including the top executives," the CBI said.
"It was also revealed during investigation that there was an alleged nexus between the bank officials with the private persons which led to the perpetration of the fraud," the agency said.
Reuters could not immediately locate contact details of Occasion Silver Pvt Ltd.
In the alleged PNB fraud - the biggest in India's banking history - the bank has accused two jewelry groups, one controlled by diamond tycoon Nirav Modi and the other by his uncle, Mehul Choksi, of colluding with rogue bank employees to secure credit overseas.
The key accused in that case have denied any wrongdoing.
SYDNEY, March 28 Australian sandalwood plantation group Quintis Ltd said on Tuesday its managing director has resigned and will consider making a takeover offer for the company together with an unnamed international group.
The move follows the publication last week of a highly negative report by short-seller Glaucus Research Group that knocked shares in Quintis down 24 percent, taking its market capitalistion to A$430 million ($328 million).
Quintis, formerly known as TFS Corp., is one of the last remaining publicly-listed managed investment schemes in Australia and has Indian and Australian sandalwood plantations. Oil from the trees is sold to India and China for fragrances, cosmetics and medicinal uses.
Shares in the company jumped 10 percent in early trade on Tuesday on news of a potential bid. Managing director Frank Wilson owns about 13 percent of the company and topped up his shareholding with a A$59,000 investment last week when the company came under attack from Glaucus.
The collapses of Timbercorp Ltd and several other large forestry investment schemes, starting in 2009, drew widespread criticism of an investment model which frequently involved small investors borrowing money for high-risk operations.
In response to a query from the Australian Securities Exchange, Quintis said on Monday its biggest customer in China, Shanghai Richer Link, had not ordered any shipments this year.
Chairman Dalton Gooding said in a statement on Tuesday that the fundamentals of the business remained strong, but the company was dealing with "a number of issues" that had affected its share price.
Any offer for Quintis would be independently assessed on whether it was in the best interests of all shareholders, he said.
Wilson said he had received several approaches over the years from parties interested in bidding for Quintis, although none had progressed to a formal proposal.
"More recently, I have been contacted by a well-funded party with what I believe to be a serious approach," he said in a statement. "It is my intention to fully assess this confidential approach and any others, unencumbered by my duties and responsibilities as managing director." ($1 = 1.3123 Australian dollars) (Reporting by Jamie Freed; Editing by Richard Pullin)
April 10 Cohen & Steers Inc:
* Cohen & Steers announces preliminary assets under management March 31, 2017
* Cohen & Steers Inc - preliminary assets under management of $58.5 billion as of March 31, 2017, a decrease of $629 million from February 28, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON Mexico's peso MXN=D2MXN= is "quite competitive" and could strengthen further despite likely bouts of volatility, Finance Minister Jose Antonio Meade said late on Wednesday.
The peso hit record lows following Donald Trump's victory in the November U.S. presidential election but has recovered in recent weeks to about 18.8 per dollar as recent comments from U.S. officials suggested a softer approach to Mexico.
"At this rate, Mexico is quite competitive," Meade told Reuters on the sidelines of the IMF-World Bank spring meetings in Washington. "Conceptually, there is probably still room for some appreciation."
The current exchange rate is better aligned with the country's economic fundamentals, he added.
The peso slid to a record low in early January, days before Trump took office threatening to slap a tax on Mexican-made goods and to scrap a free trade deal with Mexico if he cannot rework it to benefit U.S. interests.
"What we saw at the beginning of the year was an exchange rate that was not linked to fundamentals," Meade said. "That is what I think has driven most of the correction.
"But going forward, it is likely that we will continue to have and to see some volatility around the exchange rate."
Mexico sends about 80 percent of its exports to the United States, and Trump's threats to ditch the North American Free Trade Agreement that underpins commerce in the region sparked fears of a sharp downturn in the economy.
Lately those concerns have eased somewhat. [nL2N1H20IP]
In March, the peso surged to a nearly four-month high after new U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross suggested a new mechanism should be created to stabilize the currency's exchange rate.
Meade said a stable peso was important from a North American perspective, but "at this stage there is nothing specifically we have in mind" about such a mechanism.
Mexico's multibillion-dollar program to hedge state oil company Pemex's PEMX.UL crude sales against price fluctuations for 2018 has not started, Meade said.
He said he expected Mexico to achieve a primary budget surplus, which excludes interest payments, this year.
"We are pretty confident that will meet our fiscal consolidation targets," he said. "We will have a primary surplus for the first time since 2008, and we would likely exceed the target that we had committed to."
(Reporting by Alexandra Alper; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
LANGDON, Alta. — A snowplow driver from Calgary has died after police say he lost control of the plow and it rolled into a ditch.
RCMP says the 55-year-old man was operating the plow on Highway 797 near Langdon, east of Calgary, early Sunday when the crash occurred.
Police say he suffered critical injuries and was taken to hospital in Calgary but did not survive.
Police are still investigating.
No other vehicles were involved.
Police say road conditions were poor at the time of the crash.
Growth up by 87.5 per cent driven by demand for synthetic fabric and sisal rope for use in rigs and ships
Dr. Michel Alaby, Secretary General and CEO of ABC
End
-- UAE, April 18, 2017 - Brazilian exports of textiles and clothing to the Arab World has surged during the first two months of 2017, increasing by 87.5 per cent compared to its performance during the same period in 2016, the Arab Brazilian Chamber of Commerce (ABCC) has announced. Huge demand for synthetic fabric and sisal rope used in ships and rigs led the increase in total sales reaching USD 3 million up from USD 1.6 million in January and February 2016.The Brazilian Textile and Apparel Industry Association (ABIT) reported that sales from rope exports accounted for USD 1 million, while beachwear, textile yarns and inner garments also rose during the two months. ABIT's survey of exports include various parts in the production chain including raw materials such as fibers, yarns and filaments as well as technical and non-fabric industrial textiles, and clothing.Arab countries continue to be one of Brazil's largest market for clothing, particularly for segments such as party wears, children's and beach wears. Based on ABIT's latest data, the United Arab Emirates has the highest imports of Brazilian textiles and clothing during this period, followed by Algeria, Egypt, Morocco, and Lebanon.To boost the Brazilian textile and apparel industry exports, ABIT and the Brazilian Trade and Investment Agency (Apex-Brazil)have launched the Texbrasil program which serves to benefit affiliated exporters. Statistics showed that companies which have participated in the program expanded their export markets to Arab countries by 40 per cent in 2016, valued at USD 2.9 million in 2015 to USD 4.1 million in 2016.Michel Alaby, Secretary General and CEO, ABCC, said: "Brazil's textile exports performance during the first two months of the year signify the steady growth of the country's market share in the sector as the Arab World continues to look for quality materials, not only in raw materials but also with finished goods. The Arab consumer base has a discerning taste for luxury and exclusivity in clothing and apparel and this segment remains promising for the Brazilian export sector. It is worth noting that the continued support of industry groups coupled with innovative business strategies, have played an important role for the growth of the Brazilian textile in the Arab region."
The Congress veteran leader and also the spokesperson of the party Manish Tewari launched his latest book-Tidings of Troubled Times-in a highly politically charged event in which not only BJP's Yashwant Sinha was present but also Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal of Aam Aadmi Party shared the dais.Hinting about the book Tewari, on Thursday, said that the book tells about the political developments in the last 12 months."Book is a statement on the politics in India and at the world level," Congress leader said.Tewari who was recently in news for aggressively criticising PM Narendra Modi informed that the book is available on Amazon, Flipkart and Palimpsest.Talking about his Congress party in the same event, Tewari acknowledged that Congress had some problems, but given another chance, it won't be repeated.“There was a certain degree of arrogance, complacency in the UPA government. But one thing I can promise, given another chance, it won't be repeated,” said the former minister Minister of Information and Broadcasting.Also, while responding to a question on dynasty politics in his party and the elevation of Rahul Gandhi, Tewari said, “There have been elections in the party and there is a process at play which will soon culminate.”Tewari also said that opposition parties have not collapsed in the country in the fight against the presently ruling BJP.
Rising application scope in dietary supplements and food & beverages industry due to its benefits associated with immune system and cardiovascular health will stimulate global market size growth. Offering antioxidation in the body by deactivating free radicals is among the key trending factors fueling product penetration in consumer diet.
Carotenoids Market size is set to exceed USD 300 million by 2024; according to a new research report by Global Market Insights, Inc.
Easy availability and comparatively less production cost makes the synthetic carotenoids market size a dominant industry segment. However, rising health consciousness pertaining to synthetic ingredients in food and personal care products will continue strengthening the drive for natural ingredients.
Get Sample Copy of This Report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/855
Animal feed applications accounted for over 30% of the global demand in 2015. Increasing palatability, high nutrient content, and animal sense organs enhancement has fueled product demand in this segment. Growing consumer demand for healthy appearance meat and standardized coloring in chicken, eggs, and salmons will foster industry growth.
Latin America, led by Argentina and Brazil carotenoid market will witness significant gains. LATAM accounted for over 4% of the global industry share in 2015. Income upliftment in middle class population, changing lifestyle, well-informed & more demanding consumers are driving products demand in Peru and Chile as well. Brazil is foreseen to be an attractive market in terms of raw material availability and strong supply chain network in the U.S.
Beta-carotene market size generated over USD 40 million in sales for 2015, and the product is foreseen to witness 4% growth. Maintaining eye & skin health, curing cardiovascular disease with addition to the product in diet will fuel product demand.
Health risks pertaining to increase in creatine, lessening in vertical flight execution, and a skeletal muscle breakdown indicators are key factors driving industry towards more specific regulatory compliances and labelling guidelines. Natural carotenoids market size may see over 4% gains up to 2024. Germany, France, UK, and the U.S. are key contributing countries favouring bio ingredients industry expansion.
Germany beta carotene market size was over USD 4 million in 2015. Positive indicators from medical industry for curing macular degeneration, cataracts, and preventing heart diseases fueled beta carotene demand. Healthcare industry expansion along with rise in consumer affordability have positively influenced regional growth in this segment.
Asia Pacific market share will witness significant gains in cosmetics application increasing at 5% CAGR. Technological advancement, increasing application scope in nutraceuticals and cosmetics is driving overall regional demand.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/carotenoids-market
Lycopene market was worth over USD 15 million in 2015. Strong application scope in pharmaceuticals and cosmetics owing to properties including preventing diabetes, age-related macular degeneration and protection from sunburn has enhanced product demand.
Middle East & Africa nutraceuticals market has witnessed notable growth. GCC countries dominates the industry, increase in the geriatric population will propel the product demand for health supplements.
Global market is fragmented in nature and dominated by DSM and BASF holding about 50% of global capacity.
In terms of geographic presence other major companies include, Allied Biotech, Chr. Hansen, Brenntag, Carotech, Cyanotech, Divis Laboratories, Naturex SA, D.D. Williamson, and LycoRed.
Contact Us:
Arun Hegde
Corporate Sales, USA
Global Market Insights, Inc.
Phone: 1-302-846-7766
Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688
Email: sales@gminsights.com
Web: https://www.gminsights.com
Explore Our Blog @ http://algosonline.com/news
Sometimes news unites the world. People everywhere have been anxiously following the fate of a dozen Thai boys and their football coach trapped in an underground cave.
Until last weekend the story looked like a tragedy. The young football team had ventured into the underground passageways the previous weekend, just before heavy rain flooded the area.
As the days passed and the rain continued, divers got as far as 3km into the system before being driven back by the rush of water through a narrow section of the passage. It hardly seemed possible that the boys could be alive.
Now that all 13 have been found on a high and dry ledge where they had taken refuge from the rising water, the world's attention is no less focused on their fate, possibly more so. For those lads, aged 11 to 16, and their coach, 25, face a challenge that would test people of any age. None are divers accustomed to breathing equipment, yet they will probably have to learn the techniques if the divers who have reached them can bring them out.
Advertisement
Other options are being explored. Pumps are still trying to lower the water level, a search continues for other cave entrances that might be connected to the chamber where the boys are huddled, perhaps it would be possible to drill a shaft to them, or perhaps they can be kept nourished where they are until the rainy season ends in October. None of those sound realistic.
The divers have rigged guide ropes through the passages of murky water and placed air tanks along the route. There is only one way out. And there is no hurry. The trapped can be supplied with all the food, medicine, lighting and communications they might need. Their only need that cannot be supplied from the world outside is mental fortitude.
The expert rescue divers now with them will be doing their utmost to make the boys relaxed at the idea of a long journey underwater. If this is a typical bunch of early teens, some will be keen to have a go, others definitely not. Those not confident in water will be battling terror. The keen ones will probably be given plenty of practice, because they will need it and because watching them should lesson the fears of the rest.
They were a team when they went into the cave system and are probably a closer team now. For nearly 10 days they huddled together in darkness and silence deep underground. They would have lost track of time, sleeping fitfully, drinking water dripping from the roof of the cavern, growing more hungry and worrying they might not get out.
Compared to that worry, the ordeal they now face must seem manageable. For their families outside too, the relief that their sons have been found alive appears to eclipse any worry about how the boys will get out. Only the rescuers know how hard and risky it will be to see that the boys do not panic when they find themselves squeezing through narrow confines where the water flow is overwhelming.
Will they all come through? They have done so well together so far, they can surely give their adventure a happy ending.
Pierre Schoeman has been found guilty of biting Rebels back-rower Richard Hardwick.
Pierre Schoeman has been found guilty of biting Rebels back-rower Richard Hardwick.
BULLS prop Pierre Schoeman has been banned for six weeks for biting Melbourne Rebel Richard Hardwick during their 28-10 Super Rugby win in Pretoria.
Schoeman pleaded guilty in a hearing held via video conference.
"Having conducted a detailed review of all the available evidence, including all camera angles and additional evidence, including from the player and submissions from his legal representative, the Judicial Committee accepted the player's guilty plea," said SANZAAR committee chairman Adam Casselden.
Schoeman's ban rules him out of at least five Super Rugbies matches, as well as a potential international debut for South Africa against Wales in Washington DC on June 2.
Schoeman bit back-row Hardwick on the stomach during Saturday's match.
Although not punished on the field, Schoeman was issued an off-field red card by the competition's citing commissioner for alleged foul play.
The Rebels said their captain Tom English had alerted the on-field referee to the bite when Schoeman and Hardwick clashed in the 58th minute.
"Melbourne Rebels club captain Tom English at the time of incident appealed to the referee and gestured towards the evidence on Hardwick's stomach, however the initial penalty call against Hardwick was upheld," a Rebels spokesman said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
Pierre Schoeman in action against the Bulls.
In 2016, Argentina loose forward Leonardo Senatore was suspended for 10 weeks after being found guilty of biting the arm of a Sharks opponent when playing for the Jaguares in a Super Rugby match.
Schoeman was given a more lenient sentence that took into account mitigating factors including the player's "early guilty plea, his good character, his good disciplinary record and his remorse," Casselden said.
Aim-listed diversified miner Vast Resources on Wednesday released a solid set of production results for the three months ended June 30, including a record quarter for the Pickstone-Peerless gold mine, in Zimbabwe.
Pickstone-Peerless delivered a 56% increase in tonnes of ore mined to 101 706 t, compared with 65 342 t in the first quarter and a 23% increase in tonnes of ore milled to 98 899 t, compared with 80 639 t in the first quarter.
Advertisement
This led to a 10% increase in gold production to 6 969 oz, up from the first quarter's 6 326 oz.
However, the milled gold grade decreased 11% quarter-on-quarter to 2.48 g/t, from 2.78 g/t.
Advertisement
The plant is producing at a steady state of about 30 000 t/m.
Further, Vast achieved a successful turnaround at its Manaila polymetallic mine, in Romania, following a planned plant shutdown and pre-stripping in the first quarter.
Manaila mined 26 022 dry tonnes of ore, which is a 70% increase compared with the 15 344 dry tonnes mined in the first quarter.
Tonnes of ore milled increased from 13 616 t in the first quarter to 27 497 t in the second quarter – a 102% increase. The mine also achieved a 136% increase in copper concentrate, from 386 dry tonnes in the first quarter to 911 dry tonnes in the second quarter, while the grade increased to 17.9% from 17.3%.
Manaila also achieved an 80% increase in zinc concentrate produced to 151 dry tonnes, compared with 84 dry tonnes in the first quarter, while the grade increased to 34.8% from 30.4% in the first quarter.
Vast CEO Andrew Prelea expressed delight at the company's performance during the second quarter, which saw record sales, especially at Manaila as a result of a new offtake agreement with Mercuria and an improved performance in the openpit and processing plant.
“Optimisation of the Iacobeni plant and the openpit at Manaila are continuing in preparation for the increase of production that will result from the new equipment being acquired using raised funds.”
Prelea further expects Pickstone-Peerless to continue to improve its production and quality quarter-on-quarter, as the company approaches the sulphide orebody.
Meanwhile, he said significant progress has been made on finalising the association on the licence at Baita Plai, in Romania, and Vast is waiting to start mining activity.
Other work on expanding the company's footprint in Romania is in progress, including current claims at Magura Neagra and Piciorul Zimbrului, where Vast is preparing a drilling programme to start in the fourth quarter.
Vast's expansion initiatives in Zimbabwe continue to progress “encouragingly”, said Prelea.
Work at the Eureka mine, in which Vast holds a 23.7% economic interest, has started, with dewatering of the openpit and establishing the process flow.
A congressman from Ohio who served as an Army doctor in Iraq rushed to provide emergency medical care at Wednesday morning's shooting at a baseball park outside Washington, D.C.
Rep. Brad Wenstrup, a podiatrist and colonel in the Army Reserve who deployed to Iraq from June 2005 to May 2006, was the first to aid Rep. Steve Scalise, the House majority whip and third-ranking Republican in the House who was shot in the incident in Alexandria, Virginia, according to a source familiar with the incident.
"I felt like I was back in Iraq," Wenstrup said afterward during an interview with CBS News.
The congressman was with his family later Wednesday morning and not immediately available for an interview but his office did provide the following statement:
"You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq, but this morning it did," Wenstrup said. "Capitol police and emergency responders reacted swiftly and courageously -- we are grateful for their presence. I urge the nation to keep Rep. Scalise and all injured in their prayers today."
There were five shooting victims. In addition to Scalise, the others were identified as Zachary Barth, a congressional aide; Matt Mika, a lobbyist; and Special Agents David Bailey and Krystal Griner, both Capitol Police officers, according to information released by House speaker's office. They were initially believed to be in non-life-threatening condition. Scalise was later listed in critical condition following surgery.
The incident took place at a practice in advance of the annual, long-running baseball game between members of both political parties in Congress.
Authorities didn't say whether the incident was an assassination attempt.
Wenstrup said Scalise "was conscious" and "very brave" while receiving medical care at the scene and praised the efforts of Capitol Hill police who returned fire at the gunman, James Hodgkinson, 66, of Illinois.
The shooter, who later died, had volunteered on the presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders, an Independent from Vermont who ran in the Democratic presidential primary against Hillary Clinton. In a speech, Sanders deplored the gunman's actions.
Hodgkinson was described as wielding a 30-caliber rifle, though police didn't identify the make or model of the weapon.
Scalise is "under care right now -- I assume he's in surgery right now," Wenstrup told NBC News. "But he was aware of where he was and what was going on."
Wenstrup, a Medical Service Corps officer who received the Bronze Star Medal, Combat Action Badge and other awards, according to his service records, described his actions at the scene.
"I saw that he was down, and then I went out to him after they had subdued the shooter," he said.
When asked to describe what the mood at the field was like, Wenstrup told the network, "We were upbeat, getting ready for a game. And something like this happens, and you can't believe it."
He said, "Fortunately, there's the security detail there -- the Capitol Hill police -- or we all would have been vulnerable without return fire. So I'm sure they saved who knows how many lives."
Wenstrup added, "Let's pray for those that did get hit today."
-- Brendan McGarry can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com. Follow him on Twitter at @Brendan_McGarry.
KIEV, April 10 Ukrainian Central Bank Governor Valeria Gontareva has resigned, an official at the central bank said on Monday.
Gontareva, who has been in her post since 2014 and oversaw tough anti-crisis measures, will give a news conference at 1100 (0800 GMT).
"Yes, it's true, she has submitted (her resignation)," the source said, confirming a report by Interfax.
(Reporting by Natalia Zinets and Pavel Polityuk; writing by Matthias Williams; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Legitimate reasons to criticise the media are hardly in short supply. As with any powerful institution – albeit one so richly diverse that the label itself, the media, is increasingly anachronistic – it suffers from serious shortcomings. Journalists, just like, say, politicians, can be idealistic, conscientious, humble, adept at self-examination and driven by a higher purpose. They can also be thin-skinned, venal, irresponsible, slow to admit mistakes and allergic to introspection.
Because journalists are accountable to their audience, criticism of their work is an important part of the democratic process. One can agree or disagree with specific complaints Taoiseach Leo Varadkar made at a private function in New York this week. Perhaps the media do trivialise political life too often, for example, although it's a difficult argument to make for a Taoiseach who takes such care to select and publicise his multi-coloured socks and tweets pictures of himself loading dishwashers. For all that, however, nobody should question Varadkar's right to his criticism.
The problem lies elsewhere. In expressing sympathy for Donald Trump's stance towards the media, Varadkar has shown staggeringly poor judgment for a man in high office. Trump has waged a systematic and dangerous campaign of vilification against the media. He has called journalists “enemies of the people”, “lying disgusting people”, “slime”, “sick” and “a great danger” to the US. His battle against the media is a proxy for his war on facts and, ultimately, on the democratic system itself. Varadkar has said his comments were quoted selectively. But there has been no denial. Which part of the demagogue's critique does Varadkar sympathise with?
For all his political strengths, Varadkar's tin ear has always been one of his biggest weaknesses. The timing of his latest comments is remarkable nonetheless. Just last week, a few hundred kilometres from where Varadkar spoke, five staff members were murdered at the Capital Gazette, a local newspaper in Maryland. In the chilling political climate that Trump has helped to create, American journalists have received death threats and been victims of serious assaults.
If Varadkar looks on the media as a sea of trivia and gossip, perhaps he should read the latest report from the International Federation of Journalists, which finds that threats against journalists are at “epidemic” levels. Every day, journalists put themselves in harm's way to tell important stories. Last year alone, 81 paid with their lives.
Leo Varadkar is no Donald Trump, of course. But the Taoiseach's comments, by suggesting a failure to grasp the significance of what is happening in the US and to weigh his words accordingly, trivialise America's authoritarian turn. Deeper reflection would serve him well.
An Auckland brewery has raised the ire of Donald Trump's legion of supporters after creating beers called "Dump The Trump American IPA" and "Im-PEACH-ment Sour Ale".
Andrew Childs of Behemoth Brewing Company in Auckland, speaking this morning to TVNZ 1's Breakfast programme, said he was surprised one day this week to find a storm of comments, negative reviews and messages coming in to his company online.
"I checked my phone and I said 'oh, these are some odd comments', then I saw a bunch of one-star reviews and I was like 'oh, these are Russian bots - whats going on?' and I looked into their profiles a bit more and it looks like it's just gone on to a crazy Trump supporter page," Mr Childs said.
The idea for the beer came during the Trump's 2016 election campaign as a bit of a joke.
"Like everyone else I never thought Trump would get elected," he said.
"I was not happy and we scrapped it for a while because we were like 'this is not funny any more'."
Mr Childs thanked Kiwi fans of the brewery, who had responded to the numerous one-star reviews with even more five-star reviews.
"If you want to laugh, go to the Facebook page and have a look at some of the one-star comments ... interesting to say the least."
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), has been accused of raping a woman at his Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed she met him in a bar that night and they went back to his place and he raped her “multiple times”. She reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given her full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and she has not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating 29-year-old actress/singer Hilary Duff in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. She spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” she said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and he continues to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
She has since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January, she made her red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
FILE PHOTO: A Tesla logo adorns a 'Model S' car in the dealership in Berlin, Germany, November 18, 2015. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke/File Photo
Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) said on Thursday it would recall 53,000 of its Model S and Model X cars globally to fix a parking brake issue.
Shares of the U.S. luxury electric carmaker were down nearly 1 percent at $302.77 in afternoon trading, following its biggest ever recall. (bit.ly/2ovjTzb)
Tesla's total production for 2016 was 83,922 vehicles and included both Model S and Model X.
"The electric parking brakes installed on Model S and Model X vehicles built between February and October 2016 may contain a small gear that could have been manufactured improperly by our third-party supplier," Tesla said in a statement on its website.
The carmaker said there had been no accidents or injuries due to the issue.
Tesla said less than 5 percent of the vehicles being recalled may be affected and it would take less than 45 minutes to replace the brakes.
The company also said it would send an official recall notice to its customers.
Tesla, led by entrepreneur Elon Musk, had said last year it would recall 2,700 Model X sport utility vehicles in the United States due to a faulty locking hinge in third-row seats.
The company said on Thursday it was working with Italian supplier Freni Brembo SpA (BRBI.MI) to get the replacement parts.
Brembo did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora and Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru and Alexandria Sage in San Francisco; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
A late try to captain Scott Curry has helped the All Blacks Sevens to a 19-12 win over England and a Hamilton Sevens semi-final berth.
With scores locked at 12-12 and English player Phil Burgess sent to the bin, Curry broke through the middle to score the pivotal try with a minute remaining.
England, benefiting from the Kiwis' out-on-the-full kick-off, then had a last chance to score but were hauled into touch by Tim Mikkelson.
Veteran star Mikkelson was omnipresent, scoring the side's opening try and making several key turnovers and tackles.
It was the 31-year-old's 200th Sevens try.
Star playmaker Vilimoni Koroi jinked through to score New Zealand's second try, while both of England's efforts were secured by Ruaridh McConnochie.
New Zealand will now go on to face Fiji in Sunday afternoon's semi-finals after the Olympic gold-medallists' last-second 12-10 win over Samoa.
A late Kalione Nasoko try guided a rusty Fijian outfit to victory, benefiting from a counter-ruck to fly down the right edge and dot down.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Metallica's performance with Lady Gaga at the GRAMMY's on Sunday (Feb. 12) was one of the explosive highlights of the evening even though frontman James Hetfield's mic wasn't working for much of the song. But at the end of the number, he threw his guitar and kicked over a mic stand. Then he stormed offstage and flipped out.
Related: Watch Metallica & Lady Gaga's GRAMMY Performance with Working Audio
“I haven't seen him like that in 20 years,” drummer Lars Ulrich told James Corden last night on The Late late Show. “I mean, he was livid. I mean, he's aged really well and he's a pretty chill guy, but the first five or 10 minutes in that dressing room was not a lot of fun.”
While GRAMMY champion Adele was able to start her tribute to George Michael again after a technical problem that wasn't an option for Metallica. “In the heat of the battle you're out there you're playing when it's a technical issue you don't really know is it going to the house, do his vocals gong to the truck?” Ulrich said. “Maybe it's the monitors, so you just gotta keep playing.”
To compensate for the technical failure—which was reportedly caused by a stagehand accidentally pulling out the wrong plug—Hetfield sang into Gaga's mic during the show as flames shot up around them and behind Ulrich. And Gaga's stage dive was certainly exciting.
“We fought through it,” Ulrich said. “And, you know, with the fire and Gaga in my lap for a minute at one point, it was just keep going, keep going. keep going. So we just fought through it, and a lot of people said it at least made for great television.”
Hetfield might have been upset about more than the defective mic. Though Metallica was announced to play the GRAMMYs long before it was announced that Gaga would join them, their name was accidentally excluded from the performance introduction by Laverne Cox.
“I know Metallica, so this is the thing—people think that I do not know Metallica,” she told People explains in an apology. “It was on the teleprompter and I was in a moment, and I just thought I said them until afterwards.”
“It was just a mistake,” she added. “I love Metallica, I love metal, and I got into heavy metal actually because a lot of the boys I was interested in back in the day were into metal. It was not me dissing them at all. I love Metallica — I'm so sorry. I apologized to them on Twitter and to all the fans. It was just a mistake. I'm human.”
I am so sorry to #Metallica and all their fans. I am told I didn't say their names during the intro. Love you Metallica. You Rock. #Grammys —
Laverne Cox (@Lavernecox) February 13, 2017
Watch Lars Ulrich on The Late Late Show:
Matthew Boley – Sax PR1 C517 c
Sax LLP, an industry-leading, multi-disciplinary accounting, tax and advisory firm, has announced an upcoming conference at the firm's New Jersey headquarters in Clifton that will focus on the topic of the millennial generation in the workplace. The talk, which will take place on June 21, will be the latest installment of Sax's CFO Focus seminar series, a discussion-based continuing education program for financial leaders and professionals.
The June 21st presentation is titled “Clash of Cultures: Leading and Valuing Millennials” and will be given by Michele Brown, Talent Management Consultant at IntuAction Coaching. Her organization serves as a talent management coaching and consulting firm that provides development training for managers and executives to improve the success of their private, for-profit and non-profit organizations.
Brown's seminar at Sax LLP will analyze the changing demographical landscape of the workforce; specifically, the implications of the millennial generation's imminent predominance in the workforce. “In four years, millennials will account for nearly half the employees in the world,” summarizes the seminar's announcement, “and in some companies, they already constitute a majority.”
Because of the millennial generation's significant presence in the world's workforce, understanding their particular talents and mindset is an important aspect of business success going forward. Brown will focus her seminar on providing insight into what millennials want from their boss, their company and their team. In addition to their values and their desire to learn, the discussion will also advise attendees on “the leadership and cultural shifts necessary to adapt to this imminent landscape” in which understanding the millennial generation provides a competitive advantage.
With over a decade of experience as an executive coach and talent management consultant at IntuAction, Michele Brown works to maximize the potential of talent in organizations. The speaker at Sax's upcoming seminar is also the founder and president of a 501(c)(3) nonprofit women's empowerment organization, WomEnpower Corporation, which is based in New Jersey.
CPE credits will be available and breakfast will be served at Sax's Wednesday, June 21st seminar, which will take place from 8:00-10:30 a.m. To obtain more information or to register, interested parties may contact Bianca Madrigal at bmadrigal@saxllp.com. Further details can be found at https://www.saxllp.com/june-21-cfo-focus/
In addition to the firm's New Jersey office, at which the upcoming seminar will take place at the address listed below, Sax LLP also maintains an office in New York City. Sax serves the needs of a diverse set of clients, including closely held companies, family-owned businesses and not-for-profit organizations. The firm also works with high-net-worth individuals. For over 60 years, Sax has focused on providing industry-specific expertise and service in order to help meet the financial growth goals of its clients. For more information on the firm's CFO Focus events, or on the specific financial services and experience it offers, Sax may be contacted by using the information below. https://goo.gl/pjU5k3
Contact:
Bianca Madrigal
Company: Sax LLP
Address: 855 Valley Road, Clifton, NJ 07013
Phone: 973-472-6250
Email: bmadrigal@saxllp.com
Website: https://www.saxllp.com/
Festivalgoers attend the Gobi tent during the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival at Empire Polo Club in Indio, California on on April 15, 2017. Rich Fury / Getty Images for Coachella
“That type of crime lends itself to what concerts are all about, a lot of people, close proximity, a lot of bumping,” said Indio Police Sgt. Dan Marshall. “People carry their phones to have easy access to them, well if it's easy for you to access, it's easy for someone else to access.”
Indio police urged people to take extra caution with their valuables in scenarios like the crowded music festival.
The department worked through the weekend to reunite the stolen phones with their owners. All remaining phones can be claimed on the Coachella Lost and Found website.
“Glad to have my phone back, so glad…ugh,” said Laura Hunt Little.
By Eamon Quinn
The chances of an election this year have “increased significantly”, a leading analyst has said, after new exchequer figures showed tax revenues from income tax and Vat sales over Christmas had flowed into the exchequer.
“If the Government wants to have an election, it is certainly a good time to have one as now all the economic numbers show the economy becoming hotter,” said Alan McQuaid, chief economist at Merrion Capital. The first exchequer figures of the year showed overall tax revenues had climbed to just over €5bn in January, an increase of almost 5% from January 2017.
The puzzling underperformance of income tax revenues for much of last year was transformed in the first month of 2018 into the most “robust” growth performer, to bring in €1.75bn, or 6.6% more than in January 2017, the Department of Finance said.
The income tax performance will likely ease the jitters of some officials who had worried over the strange under-performance of the tax source in early 2017, at a time when receipts ought to have been booming as the number of jobs increased amid the economic recovery.
Vat brings in more revenue in January than any single month because it accounts for the key Christmas spending months of November and December. It again performed this year — with revenues from the tax source rising 5.7% from a year earlier, to over €2.44bn in the month.
The Vat figures will likely ease some observers' fears that the slump in the value of sterling against the euro following Britain's vote to leave the EU would drive consumers to cross-border shopping and online for their Christmas purchases.
The Department of Finance last year repeatedly said there was no evidence the surge in the euro had led to any significant rise in cross-border shopping. The department described the growth in January's Vat receipts as “strong”. But one Brexit-related effect showed up in motor tax revenues, which raised €87m in January, down by €9m from a year earlier.
At €478m, the third richest source of tax revenues in the month, excise duties, were up in January by “a marginal” 2.3%, the department said.
With the bulk of corporation tax receipts collected in the later months of the year, January's take from the profits' tax told little at this early stage about their likely performance. Corporation tax receipts last year soared as the exchequer tapped the huge rise in profits reported by the multinationals based in Ireland, including Apple and Microsoft.
Last month, Finance Department officials said there were “some concentration issues” with corporation tax because 40% — equivalent to around €3.28bn of the €8.2bn the exchequer took in from the tax last year — was paid by only 10 companies.
The international tax affairs of multinationals have again been thrust into the unwelcome international spotlight, with European governments and US president Donald Trump questioning Ireland's tax regime.
The explosion in Ireland's corporation tax receipts from 2015 has coincided with moves by multinationals to shore up their global tax arrangements, involving transfers of huge amounts of intellectual property rights into their Irish-based firms.
At a panel in Davos last month, Finance Minister Paschal Donohoe faced a barrage of criticism over the State's tax set-up.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Santa Fe High School String Quartet
Contact
andy nagle
***@lajollabooking.com andy nagle
End
-- When the touring showcomes to the iconic Tower Theatre on May 15, the Edmond Santa Fe High School String Quartet will join the professional musicians on stage to lend some local talent to this homage to the British Invasion.The show pits Rolling Stones tribute bandagainst rival Brit boysin an all-out musical showdown for rock dominance. The string quartet will perform seven songs with the bands.The two greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time face off inTaking the side of the Fab Four is, one of the nation's top Beatles tribute bands. With brilliant musicianship and authentic costumes and gear,plays beloved songs spanning the Beatles' career. They engage in a "showdown" of the hits with Stones tribute band, who offer a faithful rendition of the music and style of Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and the bad boys of the British Invasion. The production includes multimedia, period costumes and vintage instruments. It has toured for years, with a critic for the Los Angeles Times at one point declaring: "this is the most unique tribute show in decades." The Oklahoma City show is part of a 125 city tour of the U.S., Canada and Australia.Santa Fe senior Jessica Fan, juniors Eleni Tsaras and Taylor Dashney and sophomore Olivia Hansen will join the bands for the songs "Eleanor Rigby," "Yesterday,""A Day in the Life," "Hello Goodbye," "Hey Jude," "As Tears Go By," and "Ruby Tuesday."The quartet members have consistently received Superior ratings at Oklahoma State Solo and Ensemble festivals. Members also perform with prestigious area ensembles, including the Oklahoma Youth Orchestra, the All-State Orchestra, and the North Central Honors Orchestra.The producers ofapproached Santa Fe Orchestra Director Christy Fine looking for a talented ensemble that could hold their own with a rock band in front of an audience. The show commonly hires a local quartet to augment the production while on tour. The quartet's enthusiasm to perform led them to continue preparing for the show during the recent teacher walkout.Jessica Fan and Eleni Tsaras are the quartet's biggest Beatles fans."I grew up listening to The Beatles. It's a tie between 'Eleanor Rigby' and 'A Day In The Life' for my favorite song," said Eleni. "I'm excited we get to play both of these songs at theshow."Jessica's favorite Fab Four tune is "Hey Jude."Two of the greatest bands of all time face off in a high-energy, adrenaline-pumping musical showdown. The Fab Four, represented by tribute bandwill engage in a barrage of hits against premier Rolling Stones tribute band. "Beatles vs. Stones – A Musical Showdown" performs on May 15 at 8:00 pm at the Tower Theatre. Tickets are $25 - $65 and may be purchased by phone at 405.708.6937 at the theatre box office or online at www.towertheatreokc.com .Tickets are for sale at Citizens Bank of Edmond 1 East 1st St., Edmond, OK 73034 ( https://maps.google.com/? q=1+East+1st+ St.,+Edmond,+ OK+730... ) between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. on weekdays and 8 a.m. and 2 p.m. on Saturdays and Fowler Automotive 617 North Interstate Drive, Norman, OK 73069 (https://maps.google.com/?q=617+North+Interstate+Drive,+Norman,+OK+73069&entry=gmail&source=g)between 8:30 a.m. and 9 p.m. Monday – Saturday. The Tower Theatre is located at 425 NW 23rd Street, Oklahoma City, OK 73103 (https://maps.google.com/?q=425+NW+23rd+Street,+Oklahoma+City,+OK+73103&entry=gmail&source=g). The show is appropriate for all ages., 17, has been playing the violin for six years. Growing up around music encouraged her to join orchestra. She has competed in several solo and ensemble festivals, receiving Superior ratings."There's something really cool about being able to come together with so many diverse people to play one piece and still make it sound so beautiful," said Eleni, "That's why I love the orchestra experience."In addition to her high school studies, Eleni attends the Biosciences and Medicine Academy at Francis Tuttle Technology Center, which prepares high school students for high-end medical careers., 17, has been playing the violin for six years. She competes in solo and ensemble festivals with Santa Fe's Symphony Orchestra."The range of the violin is so unique," said Taylor. "I decided to play violin because of the instrument's high sounds."When she is not playing violin, you can find Taylor playing soccer or volunteering with her church.Taylor plans to study nursing after she graduates from SFHS.,16, has been playing viola for four and a half years."I'm happy I made the decision to join orchestra because we are all just one big happy family who relate to each other through music."Olivia is Santa Fe's Junior Pom Captain and a member of National Honors Society.She plans to go to the University of Oklahoma to study Physical Therapy., 18, has been playing cello for seven years. She sees it as a good way to release academic and extracurricular stress. Jessica is a member of the All-State Orchestra, the Oklahoma Youth Orchestra and is the principal cellist at North Central Honors Orchestra.She is President of National Honors Society, Asian Cultural Club President, senior class Treasurer and Valedictorian of her class. She plays varsity tennis at SFHS and enjoys volunteering at the University of Oklahoma Medical Center.Jessica plans to attend University of California, Los Angeles to major in Pre-med Biology.
A woman who recently had a baby at Cork University Maternity Hospital (CUMH) has lodged a letter of complaint amid claims that the isolation room she was in after giving birth registered a temperature of more than 40 degrees.
There is no air conditioning in the hospital's wards but it is available in the labour rooms, emergency department and operating theatres.
Mags Keogh, who lives near Mitchelstown, said new mothers have been cooling off with mobile fans which patients are often bringing in themselves.
“They only had four fans in the hospital last Wednesday and the nurse did suggest that I get someone to go over to the shopping centre to get me one,” she said. “At one stage the temperature was 42.9 degrees in the (isolation room). I was in my underwear and the baby was in his nappy because it was too hot.”
Ms Keogh, who gave birth to her second child, Patrick, last week, said she was in the isolation room because a risk of contamination arising from a possible bug. However, she said the doors had to be opened because it was “too dangerous” to have a newborn in a room with such a high temperature.
She said it was “cruel” to expect staff to work in that kind of heat.
“They are concerned about patients. They brought in fresh jugs of water all the time. They would come in to check you and baby were fine,” she said.
It is understood the temperature in the nursery at CUMH was exceeded 29 degrees at the weekend whilst the nurses' stations saw temperatures of above 30 degrees.
Dr Keelin O'Donoghue, a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at CUMH, said the maternity unit was designed to be a building where air circulated naturally.
“What happened after construction of the building was the introduction of fire safety regulations, which meant that double doors be put along all the corridors and they could not be left open,” she said.
“I appreciate at the moment we have an unusual heatwave, but to be honest on an average summer parts of the hospital are unpleasantly hot. These last few weeks in higher temperatures have not been easy. ”
A spokesperson for CUMH said it was policy not to comment on individual cases but the hospital was “very aware of the difficult conditions which are being experienced by both patients and staff due to the exceptional weather.
“Mobile air conditioning units have been installed, and the hospital is enhancing the ventilation and cooling of corridors and wards. CUMH will continue to closely monitor ward temperatures while the current heatwave persists.”
FILE PHOTO: Siemens logo is pictured at Siemens Healthineers headquarters in Erlangen near Nuremberg, Germany, October 7, 2016. REUTERS/Michaela Rehle/File Photo
FRANKFURT Germany's Siemens (SIEGn.DE) has moved into journey planning with the purchase of privately-owned Hannover-based firm HaCon to complement its transportation business, which it has been talking about merging with Bombardier's (BBDb.TO).
HaCon, with 290 staff, offers trip-planning, mobile-ticketing and fleet-management products, including via apps, for public and private transport in 25 countries and says it supplies more than 100 million route calculations per day.
Siemens' transportation unit, a business with 7.8 billion euros (6.52 billion pounds) in annual sales, offers rolling stock, signalling, and automation and power systems for rail and road.
"The acquisition of HaCon will enable us to enter a completely new business area that complements our current portfolio, expanding it to include timetable scheduling as well as trip planning by passengers," Siemens Mobility division Chief Executive Jochen Eickholt said in a statement on Friday.
Siemens said the parties had agreed not to disclose the price for the purchase, which is expected to close in the first half of this year if approved by anti-trust authorities.
It said HaCon would be managed as a separate legal entity and wholly owned subsidiary of its Mobility division.
(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; editing by Alexander Smith)
Vijaywada: The seasoned Gautam Gambhir struck a fine 95 and powered Delhi to the semi-finals of the Ranji Trophy following a seven-wicket victory over Madhya Pradesh on Monday.
Delhi will take on Bengal in their semi-final.
Chasing 217 for an outright win, Delhi relied on Gambhir's 129-ball 95, which was laced with nine boundaries and a six.
Even as the bowlers failed to dismiss him, Gambhir was unfortunately run out by Mihir Hirwani as he approached what would have been a well-deserved century.
The out-of-favour India opener was well-supported by Kunal Chandela (57) and Dhruv Shorey, who remained unbeaten on 46, when the winning runs were scored at the Dr. Gokaraju Liala Gangaaraju ACA Cricket Ground.
Delhi were eight for no loss at stumps on the fourth and penultimate evening with Kunal Chandela and Vikas Tokas in the middle.
Delhi were dealt an early blow when Tokas was sent back by medium pacer Ishwar Pandey with just 11 runs on the scoreboard.
A 98-run partnership for the second wicket between Gambhir and Chandela ensured Delhi remained on course for a win. The two went along nicely till Hirwani, who had a five- wicket haul in the first innings, removed Chandela when the scoreboard read 111.
A 95-run stand ensued, for the third wicket between Gambhir and Shorey, as Delhi completed the job with plenty left in their arsenal.
Brief scores:
MP: 338 all out and 283 all out in 105.5 overs (Harpreet 78; Mishra 4/59).
Delhi: 405 all out and 217 for three in 51.4 overs (Gautam Gambhir 95, Kunal Chandela 57, Dhruv Shorey 46).
MACKINAW CITY, Mich. (AP) — Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac. The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor.
Officials said with the visual assessment finished, the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution. About 600 gallons (2,270 liters) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1.
Crews have removed about 590 gallons (2,230 liters) that didn't leak.
Real Star Upendra's political venture got a great start day before yesterday, August 12. The response to his ideas were tremendous as all his fans supported him and his ideals.
Upendra's ideals of giving back the power to people is taking more form and shape as more and more support is pouring in for the actor and his dreams.
Very recently, Rocking Star Yash openly declared his support to Upendra and his political ambitions. Likewise, many political leaders have expressed their happiness to see Upendra take the plunge into politics.
Meanwhile, the Real Star had given three e-mail addresses for the people to send their opinions. He had created prajakaarana1@gmail.com, prajakaarana2@gmail.com and prajakaarana3@gmail.com as the contact address for his new political venture.
Now, nearly, 48 hours after the announcement of those contact details, his new political venture seems to have received a staggering amount of response from his fans, followers and likewise.
It is being said that more than 15000 mails have dropped in even since the mail addresses were circulated. People from all over the world have mailed Upendra, their suggestions and ideas.
Ultimately, this new announcement has set in motion something new in the political arena. Even though the actor has not named his political party or got its symbol, the response is unusually huge.
Now that Upendra has received a lot of support from the people all over, it is up to him to decide how to take it forward and invest his time in planning something really good for his fellow citizens.
Gordon D'Arcy
The Six Nations has gone to bed for the weekend and when it returns in 10 days Ireland must negotiate their way past a rejuvenated France in Dublin.
And Gordon D'Arcy believes Ireland will have too much for Guy Noves's side if they consistently play on the front foot at the Aviva Stadium.
In his column today, he writes: “An important process in beating France is to force them into constant defending, as Ireland did to Scotland and Italy, because after two or three minutes they will run out of energy...
“...If we play at a high-enough tempo France will be forced into making earlier substitutions, so come the hour mark, when they seek to slow matters down, they will have huge bodies out on the field with little energy.”
D'Arcy also believes there is no debate to be had over who should start at outhalf, despite Paddy Jackson's good start to the tournament: “When France come to Dublin on Saturday week, a sufficiently recovered Sexton wears number 10.”
PSG thrash Barça
Elsewhere Barcelona are all but out of the Champions League after they were embarrassed by Paris Saint-Germain last night, losing 4-0 at the Parc des Princes after a miserable showing.
Angel Di Maria scored twice with Julian Draxler and Edison Cavani also on target to leave Luis Enrique's side with a mountain to climb to reach the last-eight. In the night's other fixture Benfica beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in Lisbon.
Tonight Arsenal face a daunting trip to play Bayern Munich, while Real Madrid welcome Napoli to the Bernabeu in one of the most intriguing ties of the round.
Impossible world of third-level GAA
In his column today Sean Moran looks at the importance of third-level colleges to the GAA and the difficulties students face balancing college, club and inter-county commitments in an already packed calendar.
ADVERTISEMENT
No Champion Hurdle for Yorkhill
And Willie Mullins has confirmed Yorkhill will not be supplemented for the Champion Hurdle at next month's Cheltenham Festival but will stay over fences and target either the JLT or the Arkle.
FILE - In this Sunday, Feb. 14, 2016, file photo, Actress Cynthia Nixon poses for the photographers during a photo call for the film 'A Quiet Passion' at the 2016 Berlinale Film Festival in Berlin, Germany. The former "Sex and the City" star says she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September. Her announcement Monday, March 19, 2018, sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions. Michael Sohn, File AP Photo
ABC News(NEW YORK) — Sen. Cory Booker diverted questions Monday about running for president in 2020, instead saying that he is focused on the 2018 midterms.
“I am a contender for the 2018 midterms where I'm going to be fighting for every Democratic candidate,” the New Jersey Democrat said on The View Monday.
“This is the most important midterm election of our lifetime. … For folks looking beyond that, don't look beyond,” he said.
Booker said that although his party does not have control of the government, U.S. citizens all have power. He urged Americans to let their voices be heard.
“First of all, understand that the power of the people is greater than the people in power,” he said. “Their voice is so important right now.”
During his appearance on the talk show Monday, Booker also told the hosts he is “very interested” in investigating the recent firing of FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe.
“The way that Donald Trump is going about this does not reflect well on him, on the presidency and our values as a country,” he said.
On Friday, McCabe was fired by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, just two days before he was set to retire from government after nearly 22 years in federal law enforcement.
Despite what is at stake in the 2018 midterm elections, Booker stressed the importance of Americans seeing each other for the “truth of who we are.”
“While Donald Trump seems to be intent on separating, dividing, demeaning, degrading. I want Republicans and Democrats to start a new national narrative about how we need each other,” Booker said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Bishop Peak fall victim is Cal Poly student from Arroyo Grande
January 2, 2017
The man who fell nearly 30 feet around the top of Bishop Peak Thursday evening is Evan Lalanne, 18. Lalanne is a Cal Poly student and graduate of Arroyo Grande High School, where he was a star volleyball player.
Lalanne suffered severe neck and back injuries and was paralyzed from the waist down in the aftermath of the fall, according to a GoFundMe page set up on his behalf. It is possible, though, the teen could regain full control of his body.
On Saturday, Lalanne underwent surgery at Stanford University hospital in order to straighten and stabilize his spine and remove bone fragments that were pressing on his spinal cord. He is expected to be transferred to a therapy facility that specializes in severe spinal trauma.
“Evan is a young, strong and determined person,” the GoFundMe page states. “All this will serve him well in this long road ahead.”
The GoFundMe page has raised more than $50,000 in just two days.
In Lalanne's senior year at Arroyo Grande High School, he was the captain of the volleyball team, according to high school sports site Max Preps. The team finished 21-5-3.
It remains unclear what caused Lalanne to fall. He was airlifted off Bishop Peak after rescue crews climbed up the mountain to aid him.
Yoga guru Ramdev on Wednesday launched a new messaging application called Kimbho under his flagship company Patanjali.
Patanjali's spokesperson SK Tijarawala tweeted, “Now Bharat will speak. After launching sim cards, baba Ramdev has launched a new messaging application called Kimbho. Now WhatsApp will be given a competition. Our own #SwadeshiMessagingplatform. Download it directly from Google Play Store.”
Kimbho application is touted to be a competitor of the messaging app WhatsApp. The tagline of Kimbho is kept as “Ab Bharat Bolega”.
Earlier on May 27, Ramdev launched Swadeshi Samriddhi SIM cards, in alliance with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL).
Initially, only the employees and office bearers of Patanjali will be able to avail the benefits of the SIM card.
After its full-fledged launch, people will get discount of 10 percent on Patanjali products with this card.
School Photo ID Badges Maker Software is useful to design and print multiple ID cards for students with different barcode value and text
End
-- School Photo ID Badges Maker Software is specially developed to design and print student ID cards for schools, colleges and universities. ID card software provides various designing tools such as line, text, barcode, pencil, picture, arc, watermark, ellipse, star and other similar designing tools. Software provides facility to generate multiple copies of student ID card with different barcode value and text using batch processing series feature. ID card designing application also provides facility to design ID cards for group of students at the same time using 'Live Group and Batch Processing Mode' that designs ID cards of multiple students using Excel file data. You can also browse all the details from Excel file while designing student ID cards. Student ID card generator application enables users to quickly design ID cards for students using Pre-defined templates available in the software.Student ID card maker utility is helpful to generate multiple identity cards for group of students and provides facility to save designed ID card log for future reference. School Photo ID Badges Maker program has a facility to crop images for ID cards. You can add photo on student ID card using camera settings option or browse image path which is save on your computer system. Software provides facility to send designed ID card at specified email address using inbuilt email settings feature.1. Software provides option to choose ID card design from pre-defined templates.2. Design student ID card in various shapes like rectangle, rounded rectangle and ellipse shape.3. Program provides flexible print settings option to print designed ID cards.4. Student ID card generator application provides option to copy current ID card design to the other side of the card.5. Design ID card using line, text, ellipse, rectangle, triangle, star, barcode, signature and other similar image designing objects.6. You can export your designed ID card as image, as PDF and as template.7. Software provides facility to send designed ID card to single or multiple email IDs using advance email settings features.8. Generate multiple ID cards using batch processing series feature.9. Provides option to specify color and background settings for ID card including solid color, gradient, image and style settings.10. You can crop single or multiple images for ID card using image cropping tool.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bananarama, Boy George, Erasure and Jason Donovan will take to the stage in a 1980s extravaganza concert for Children In Need.
The themed BBC fundraiser will come to London's SSE Wembley Arena in October, with presenters Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox at the helm.
Roman Kemp will also be contributing backstage, sharing interviews with stars such as Europe, Imagination, Jason Donovan, Katrina from Katrina & The Waves, Louisa Johnson, Nick Heyward, OMD and UB40 Featuring Ali, Astro and Mickey.
Tickets for the BBC Children in Need Rocks on October 19 are already on sale from £25 each.
(Image: PR)
Cotton, 35, said: "As a child of the 80s, I am especially thrilled to be presenting this year's BBC Children in Need Rocks!
"This is an amazing opportunity to party to the finest tunes from the 1980s in aid of an incredibly important cause. It's going to be a blast!"
Cox, who presents BBC Radio 2's Sounds Of The 80s programme, added: "It's no secret that I am in love with the sounds of the decade and I can't wait to hear some of the era's greatest hits performed live at Wembley for a very worthy cause."
The broadcaster's charity appeal for children made its debut as a telethon broadcast in 1980, hosted by Sir Terry Wogan with Sue Lawley and Esther Rantzen.
The organisation's signature yellow teddy bear with the polka-dot eye patch, Pudsey, joined in 1985.
SUNRISE, FLA. (WSVN) - Good Samaritans have donated a wheelchair ramp for a disabled Sunrise woman who had her own ramp stolen.
Rebekah Davis first shared her story with 7News on Wednesday, furious and asking for help.
“It's rotten and it's cruel to do something like that,” she said.
Davis, who is disabled and is unable to drive, needs her wheelchair and wheelchair ramp to get around to buy medicine and groceries.
When she came home on Wednesday to find her ramp stolen, she couldn't believe it.
“It's a good thing I couldn't get ahold of that person, because I probably would have been sitting in jail,” said Davis. “I would have beat that sucker.”
Desperate to find the thief, Davis quickly called police, scared for her safety and, more importantly, her health.
“I have degeneration in my lower back, and my knees are starting to go, too, now,” she said, “and I'm probably going to have surgery eventually.”
Thanks to the help of a neighbor, she was able to use a piece of plywood as a makeshift ramp.
However, thanks to a 7News viewer who saw the story, that makeshift ramp is no longer needed.
Heather Hall and her son Skyler, who are complete strangers to Davis, saw the story and immediately jumped into action to help.
“You're a blessing and you're a lifesaver,” Davis told Heather.
“It's no problem,” replied Hall as she kissed Davis.
With no hesitation, the two bought and installed a ramp, knowing the pain that Davis was suffering.
“It's very touching that you can help somebody with something so simple and so menial,” said Heather, “and people these days don't realize just how hurtful they can be to others.”
“I felt anger for the person who could've done something like this,” said Skyler, “because not everyone can fend for themselves.”
“This is a blessing,” said Davis, “and I just thank God. I said, ‘This is a blessing, and there must be an angel watching me.'”
Now, as Davis gets used to her new accessory, she said she's thankful to have her freedom back, and her life is now a lot easier.
“Now I'll be back to being independent again,” said Davis. “I can come and go when I need to, when I want to. It's going to improve my life 100 percent.”
The good news is that the new ramp is portable, so Davis can take it inside at night to prevent any future thefts.
If you have any information on the theft of her previous wheelchair ramp, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
TV Presenter Keith Chegwin Has Passed Away Aged 60
By Alice Westoby
The popular broadcaster has passed away after a long battle with lung disease.
TV presenter and broadcaster Keith Chegwin has passed away aged 60 after a long battle with lung disease.
The television personality, known for programmes such as Cheggers Okays Pop and the revived version of the popular game show It's A Knockout.
His family said he had a "long-term battle with a progressive lung condition" that "rapidly worsened towards the end of this year" and passed away on Monday with his family by his side.
Stars who worked with Keith have shared their heartfelt tributes to the star on Twitter....
Such sad news about Keith Chegwin. Someone I grew up watching on tv then had the pleasure of working with on all sorts of shows. He was just such a down to earth wonderful bloke, and a legend. Thoughts are with his family. You'll be massively missed Keith. #rip #keithchegwin — Toby Anstis (@tobyanstis) December 11, 2017
Such sad news. Very much a part of my childhood. RIP Keith Chegwin. pic.twitter.com/IFL7TujE9b — Paddy McGuinness (@PaddyMcGuinness) December 11, 2017
Saddened to hear this,what a great guy! I worked with him a lot over the years a great entertainer,you will be missed RIP Keith Chegwinpic.twitter.com/EghfdBa8rm — Frank Bruno MBE (@frankbrunoboxer) December 11, 2017
Very sad to hear about the death of Keith Chegwin. A kind, funny, brave man who seized the day. — Lorraine (@reallorraine) December 11, 2017
The younger generation may remember 'Cheggers' as he was affectionately known by his stint in the Celebrity Big Brother house back in 2015 where he finished in fourth place.
He also famously made a cameo as himself in the Ricky Gervais sit-com, Extras.
He leaves behind his wife Maria Anne Chegwin as well as two children.
His family also thanks the hospice in which Keith passed away in saying: “We would like to take this opportunity to thank Severn Hospice for the kindness, support and care they have shown us all over the last few weeks".
“Keith was a loving husband, father, son, brother, uncle and friend. We would respectfully ask to be left to mourn his passing in private.”
A Lawton woman told police her boyfriend threatened him with two knives after accusing her of cheating on him.
Officer Patrick Kilgore reported the woman said her boyfriend woke her up around 5:30 a.m. and started to argue about her cheating on him. The woman said her boyfriend then "held up two knives, one in each hand" and "said that he would kill her," Kilgore reported.
The woman said she grabbed a bat to defend herself and was able to escape to a neighbor's house, where the neighbor called 911. When she returned to the house, her boyfriend had left and she did not know where he went, the woman said.
Attacked over chips
A woman claimed her boyfriend assaulted her after they argued about her eating out of a bag of chips that he was holding.
Officer Dane Swinford reported that the woman said she and her boyfriend were sitting in the living room of their house Monday night. The woman told Swinford that she fled to the restroom and slammed the door behind her to get away from her boyfriend. Her boyfriend followed her, entered the restroom, grabbed her by the throat and pushed her into the shower, where he ripped off her hair tie and punched her in the head, the woman said, according to Swinford's report.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
I relished every line of this book.
I've been following the author's work for about 40 years and can't say how pleased I am to see him referred to as “the great Shane Connaughton”, and his first book, A Border Station, acknowledged as “a classic”. It's high time. Your man has been around every block and paid all his dues.
Here's a writer who's done everything it's possible to do with a pen, and it seems to me all he's ever achieved is coming together now in a glorious late flowering.
As a lauded stage dramatist he certainly knows how to set up a scene and fill it with full-blooded, alive-and-kicking characters, and then give them the funniest, most muscular and tender dialogue. As a prizewinning screenwriter he can paint a broad, richly-coloured canvas, then step in close to give us the cross-haired, hair's breadth, tiniest of telling details. Like Joyce he renders the local universal, and makes the ordinary utterly extraordinary. Better yet, in an unwilled, natural-as-breathing way, he loves the texture of life and strikes the truly affirmative note time and time again. That's a hard thing to pull off without sentimentality, gilded lilies, or wishful thinking. But he holds the balance here beautifully between brutal depths and lyrical heights, wild humour and salt tears.
If you don't respond to the way Shane Connaughton strings together a sentence and a yarn I'd say you're word-blind, tone-deaf and soul-dead
Some readers regarded A Border Station as a book of linked short stories (so what? It's all that and more). Married Quarters takes a similar form by the scruff of the neck and shakes new shapes out of it. Here at the spine of the narrative is “the boy” living in a barracks on the Border with his sergeant father (“a rock on fire”) and his loving mother (“her mystery was her gentleness”); one by one, fresh gardaí join the barracks, live out a year or so of their lives, make their impact on the family and the village, then go on their way. Each of these men is a fabulous and fascinating creation. Little by little, though, the wide-eyed boy comes to realise (as do we're reading the book, and leading our own lives) that what really counts are the constants: community, neighbours, blood relations. And of course as soon as these things are experienced as unchanging and eternal, they start to shift and slide, like the country around them.
The boy's sensibility gradually evolves, too, from school-kid to college-boy, from runner to walker, from watcher to reader, as the old rulebooks of church and law decay and fall through his fingers. And with raging, painful inevitability, home itself has to be left behind, and the uncertain future faced.
The final, farewell pages of the novel rock the reader like waves crashing against a strand. The heart hurts, along with the boy's. Thank goodness the cock crows at the very end, promising a new beginning! But it's a massive loss for him and us to be torn away forever from that precious time and sacred turf – although, thanks to Connaughton's miraculous memory and passionate witness, we can always return there whenever we choose by re-opening these pages.
Every step of the dance and every line of the prose seem to me like a full-hearted gift. Connaughton rarely thinks of himself as a poet (although when the mood takes him he still writes “occasional” poetry) but his language unfailingly pulses with rhythm and glitters with imagery. Try this (taken pretty much at random from 300 pages' worth):
“People believed in things that hadn't happened and never would. No one was immune to the outlandish. The country was run like a tatty magic show. No end of mumbo-jumbo and hands delving into tall hats and under black cloth and producing white pigeons as if from nowhere. The people gave themselves up to three-card-trick men.”
If you don't respond to the way Shane Connaughton strings together a sentence and a yarn I'd say you're word-blind, tone-deaf and soul-dead.
Don't miss this book!
Kerry Lee Crabbe is a writer/director/producer in theatre, film and television. He also works as a lyricist because he likes hanging around with musicians. His first book is due as soon as they develop brain recognition
An hour after the 2001 San Diego Supercross, amongst the beer bottles, hot dog wrappers, and empty cans of soda strewn about the parking lots of Qualcomm Stadium, McGrath stood beneath the awning of his 18-wheel semi-truck, talking to a few friends. He looked a little sheepish. Earlier that night, the best stadium motocross racer in the history of the sport had been beaten, straight-up, by a red haired kid from Florida named Ricky Carmichael. After an intense battle which saw the two swap the lead five times, Carmichael, who had won his first and only supercross at Daytona a year prior, had edged ahead of 71-time main event winner McGrath. And while he was not displaying much emotion, McGrath, who had easily won the opening round of the series at Anaheim the week before, wasn't too thrilled. “It's just one race,” said McGrath to this author, while shrugging his shoulders. “He [Ricky] rode good; real good. But I'll be all set and ready to go next week at Anaheim.” Seven days later, and an hour north up the 5 freeway, 44,811 fans swarmed Edison International Field in Anaheim (which the Big A was named from starting in 1999) to watch the living legend and Carmichael go at it again at round three of the 2001 AMA Supercross Series.
"Yes, I knew I had a big fight coming, but I wasn't sure of when because RC's results were pretty unstable up to that point," said McGrath to me that week. When the gate dropped, McGrath arrived at the apex of turn one first, but Carmichael got a better jump off the step-up jump at the turn's exit to grab the lead. By lap two, McGrath was looking straight at the back of Carmichael's jersey, and on lap four Carmichael stumbled going into the whoop section, allowing McGrath to pull up alongside him. McGrath pulled a deft outside-inside move a few turns later and stole the lead. Content to follow, Carmichael stalked the seven-time supercross champion. By lap 13, the flying duo had 19 seconds on Kevin Windham, who was way, way back in third. At the three-quarter mark, McGrath made a small bobble and Carmichael smelled blood. With three laps to go, Carmichael inadvertently slammed into the reigning champion at the end of the whoop section. McGrath flashed Carmichael an annoying glance as the number four bike led the way up and over the finish line jump. But Carmichael was improperly set-up for the ensuing left hand turn, and McGrath shot back into the lead. With two laps to go, Carmichael, his hands and feet coming off the bike in a frenzy to zap McGrath, stalked the Californian.
With the crowd on its feet and roaring, the white flag came out, and toward the very end of the conclusive lap, the two riders attacked the whoop section with Carmichael making a final, desperate dive into the final turn. McGrath hung tough, though, and raced up the finish line jump to win by less than a thousandth of a second. Atop a jump at the far side of the track, McGrath and Carmichael rolled to a stop and shook hands. It would prove to be the final main event win of McGrath's brilliant career. "I do still think about my last race win and I'm glad that I got beat by somebody that went on to dominate after me because I would have been very upset if my results just started to dwindle and all of a sudden I was getting fourths and fifths or worse," said McGrath. "I'm a very fortunate man and I know that. I'm also very glad my last win came at Anaheim, in front of my hometown fans where it all started."
January 4, 2003
As part of the celebration they get to launch their rockets from Homer Hickam Field** under an Sky. The winners will be presented a Space Shuttle Challenger commemorative medal with certificate signed by Astronaut Jon McBride.
Kathy & Jack Colpas, RFTS Co-directors
Media Contact
Jack Colpas co-director
Reach for the Stars ~ National Rocket Competition
***@sciconservices.com Jack Colpas co-directorReach for the Stars ~ National Rocket Competition
End
-- Contestants (age 10 to 18) in the 11annualhad to build and launch their own solid-fuel powered rocket at an event held in their area. The Competition promotes STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math) education and is run in memory of/ first Teacher-in-Space. Local Competitions were held by schools, scout troops, youth centers, museums, and rocket clubs across the country in this year-long event.In response to the nation's call for more interest in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math) activities – over 1500 kids across the nation participated in the eleventh annual. At the end of the competition those who had the "Right Stuff"* were victorious. The annual Competition, for ages ten to eighteen, runs continuously.Their rockets soar 200 feet into the air to return by parachute. The closest average landing to an on-field target wins the local event. The local winner's results were forwarded toheadquarters to be compared to all entries received. The closest were declared the national winners.took the top honors this year. Joining the group will be Minnesota Civil Air Patrol cadet,- one of last year's winners.The national winners will be invited to celebrate their success at Space Camp / US Space & Rocket Center in Huntsville, Alabama. As part of the celebration they get to launch their rockets from Homer Hickam Field**underan October Sky ( https://www.commonsensemedia.org/ movie-reviews/ october-sky ). The winners will be presented a Space Shuttle Challenger commemorative medal with certificate signed by AstronautCaptainpiloted the Challenger on her early missions.With their families, the winners will continue their celebration;seeing the Pathfinder Space Shuttle, standing in the world famous Rocket Park, climbing the Mars Wall, riding the Astronaut Simulators and visiting the Challenger Astronaut Memorial wcj – honoring the memories of those lost in the conquest of space.Competition co-director,says, "We promise the national winners - memories to last a lifetime and bragging rights for generations to come. Launching their rockets from a memorable location and being honored under the historical Saturn V rocket allows us to fulfill our promise."won her local competition at Prairie Trace Elementary in Carmel, Indiana under the direction of teacherwon their local events while competing at Citrus Springs Elementary in Citrus Springs Florida.was the Competition host.launched at Hockomock YMCA in N. Attleboro, Massachusetts with Associate Director of Children's Services,competed in Santa Ana, California at Mendez Fundamental Intermediate Schoolunder the direction of teacher,took top honors while launching with Bagdad Elementary in Milton, Florida. This event was run by teacherThe Competition at this school was funded by a NASA grant through the Florida Space Grant Consortium.a Civil Air Patrol cadet from the 130th Composite Squadron, Lakeville, Minnesota was one of last year's national winners. He will attend this year's celebration.Several companies have joined together to provide unforgettable memories for the national winners of the annual« Space Camp / US Space & Rocket Center provides an unforgettable day for the winners and their families.« National Space Society (NSS) extends free membership to each winner.« National Association of Rocketry (NAR) awards achievement certificates presented by board member« American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) provides a photo journal of the celebration.« Estes – the world leader in educational rocketry presents each winner with a rocket kit to build and launch.« Gammons Charitable Foundation donated launch supplies to many of the host organizations.« Clarion Inn - Huntsville is offering discounted lodging.Without the generosity of these businesses, this winners' celebration would not be possible.Sponsors receive national recognition and the satisfaction of - Helping Kids Reach for the Stars. More information is available at http://www.TheRocketman.net , co-directors of theare retired public school educators with over 50 years of classroom experience. "Our goal is to give kids the educational experience of building and launching a solid-fuel powered rocket. Our purpose is to foster an interest in model rocketry, STEM subjects and aeronautics. Our mission is to keep alive the memory of the first Teacher-in-Space,."* Thomas Wolfe, The Right Stuff – (Farrar, Straus and Giroux) 1979**Homer Hickam is the author of the inspirational memoir,which became the movie
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
A major project is being fast-tracked by the Energy department in line with a Palace order to facilitate deals deemed of national significance.
Advertisements
Speaking at the sidelines of a budget hearing at the Senate, Energy Secretary Alfonso Cusi said the department and several attached agencies were processing the venture using Executive Order 30 as the guidepost.
Cusi noted that it could be the Visayas-Mindanao interconnection project, a venture that is being contested by the privately-owned National Grid Corp. of the Philippines (NGCP) and state-run National Transmission Corp. (Transco).
NGCP, which holds a franchise to operate the country's transmission network, has been given provisional authority to undertake the project to connect the Visayas and Mindanao grids via Cebu and Zamboanga.
Transco wants to take over the project, questioning NGCP's plans and claiming that customers will ultimately end up shouldering the cost.
EO 30, issued in June by Malacanang, created the Energy Investment Coordinating Council (EICC) in a bid to simplify the approval process for Energy Projects of National Significance (EPNS).
These cover generation or ancillary services, including those required to maintain and secure the power grid, and should have a minimum capital investment of at least P3.5 billion.
It should also have a capital investment of at least P3.5 billion, as well as contribute to economic development and create both economic and environmental impact.
Government agencies must act on applications within 30 days following the submission of requirements, otherwise the project will be deemed approved.
Guptill's gone again! Black Caps opener felled by another hamstring injury, set to miss T20, first two ODIs against Proteas
The strain is unrelated to the one that caused him to miss the final ODI against Australia last month.
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Commissioner Sean Frantom says Augusta's department directors should have a say in grading the work of the city administrator.
“How are we going to get anybody to come and want to work here in the future if were not hearing their concerns from department directors,” said Commissioner Frantom.
“Are you hearing concerns about the administrator now?'
“I have had some concerns I have heard some concerns but I also have some concerns personally,” said Frantom.
Those concerns have Frantom proposing changing the Administrators job evaluation method, allowing department directors join with commissioners.
“I want to make sure we're getting all the feedback we can objective feedback as opposed to objective feedback from department heads,” said Frantom.
But from other commissioners the feedback isn't positive, about changing the evaluation process for the city administrator since her contract is ending this year.
“That should have been part of her contract when we have initially done that I think to do that type of evaluation at this particular time is unfair to anybody,” said Commissioner Ben Hasan.
But Frantom's proposal does have support.
“It allows some good feedback for people who do work for you I think it definitely helps in the learning process and opens up more communication,” says Mayor Pro-Tem Mary Davis
A commission committee did not approve changing the evaluation process r but opponents say it is something they would be considered in the future.
“If she happens to get another contract or whoever gets a contract in Augusta Richmond County I think that should be part of the process I can support that moving forward,” said Commissioner Hasan.
Local author Darren M. Edwards will be available to sign copies of book
Utah Sport Climbing
End
--Not many drives passionate debate in Utah more than public land use. And sport climbing is securely tethered to that controversy as more thrill-seekers gear up each year to ascend the state's geological wonders. From the bolt wars in Moab to the frenzied route development in American Fork Canyon, Utah remains central in the evolution of the sport. With over sixty interviews and a healthy dose of humor, climber and author Darren M. Edwards tracks the spirit, ethos and feats of bolters who have led the way since the 1980s.Author and poet Darren M. Edwards started sport climbing in American Fork Canyon during high school. While earning both a bachelor's degree in English and a master's degree in literature and writing at Utah State University in Logan, he spent nearly a decade sport climbing up Logan Canyon. After moving to southern Utah to teach at Dixie State University, Darren spent two years as the slam master for southern Utah's slam poetry community. Moreover, he was also a member of two national poetry slam teams. Darren currently works as the managing editor for the southern Utah publication the Independent, where he also writes a biweekly opinion column. His work has been published in places like Urban Climber, Dialogue, Camas and Stone Voices, among others.Barnes & Noble1720 East Red Cliffs DriveSt. George, UT 84790Saturday, April 29th, 2017 at 1:00 p.m.Available at area bookstores, independent retailers, and online retailers, or through Arcadia Publishing at (888)-313-2665 or online.The combination of Arcadia Publishing & The History Press creates the largest and most comprehensive publisher of local and regional content in the USA. By empowering local history and culture enthusiasts to write local stories for local audiences, we create exceptional books that are relevant on a local and personal level, enrich lives, and bring readers closer - to their community, their neighbors, and their past. Have we done a book on your town? Visit www.arcadiapublishing.com
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday she would not sack junior Brexit minister Steve Baker over his criticism of public servants' work on leaving the European Union.
In a debate in parliament earlier this week, Baker suggested government officials may be undermining government policy by calibrating their work to show only the downside of Brexit.
Asked if she planned to sack Baker, May said: “No.”
“The ministerial code says that the minister should take the earliest opportunity to amend the record that was given to Parliament and apologise to Parliament. He will do that,” she added, speaking to Channel Five news during a trade visit to China.
Professional show jumper Todd Minikus, who was once a regular on the professional bull-riding circuit, stared down 1,500-pound snarling bulls with the same philosophy he now guides elegant chestnut mares.
The 54-year-old American boasts more than 140 national and international wins not simply for his ability to ride but his willingness to go along for one, believing he can only gain control by relinquishing it.
"When you're riding, you're always at mercy to how your horse is performing. They're not machines," Minikus told Reuters while preparing for this week's FEI World Cup Final in Nebraska.
"People just assume horses get up and feel like jumping.
"They are their own individual. People forget that sometimes."
Minikus will be ever mindful of his 12-year-old mare Babalou 41 this week as he builds on his career as a show jumping maverick.
Known for his course speed and horse sensibilities, Minikus punched his ticket to the World Cup Final two weeks ago at a qualifying event in Florida.
The final rider of the competition, Minikus and Babalou 41 seized top prize money and blazed past peers with a time of 47.7 seconds.
"My theory is if you don't practice being the winner you never are the winner. You don't practice going slow with a race horse," Minikus said of his knack for speed.
Minikus's easy marriage with horses stems from his proximity to them. He began riding at the age of six and now operates an equestrian facility where he lives in Wellington, Florida.
His cowboy tendencies made him gravitate to a more perilous challenge earlier in his career. Minikus estimates it was nearly 25 years ago when he attended the Calgary Stampede and casually told a friend he would like to ride a bull.
Before he knew it, he was training with eight-time world champion bull riding champion Donny Gay and whisked away on another journey.
Though Minikus no longer tames bulls, he is an accomplished rider and used to regularly compete in the Professional Bull Riding Championships.
"It's not that different (from riding a horse)," Minikus said. "The buck (of a bull) is very similar to the push (with a horse). We both hang on with our legs."
Working with bulls may have helped Minikus prepare for the often rocky ride of show jumping.
In 2011 alone, Minikus dealt with a kidney stone, a broken collarbone and then caught Legionnaires' disease.
But he has mostly been on the high side of a stellar career run that spans USA Equestrian Horseman of the Year in 2001 to being named to the shortlist for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
Through it all, Minikus, who now settles for motorcycles when he is not being pulled along by a horse, enjoys the ride content to be an appreciative passenger rather than driver.
"We're lucky we can experience the athleticism of a horse," said Minikus. "We lose track of how cool what they do is. They are the athletes truly competing."
(Editing by Frank Pingue)
And the cat fight is begun in the show between hina and arshi #bb11updates #biggboss11
A post shared by biggboss (@bandagi_sapna) on Oct 6, 2017 at 3:21am PDT
A post shared by biggboss (@bandagi_sapna) on
: It is day 5 in Bigg Boss house and war of words is increasing with every house. Till now, the viewers have got used to fight and taunts of Vikas Gupta and Shilpa Shinde. But yesterday we saw that Shilpa Shinde had another fight with Hina Khan.Now, in Colors TV show, Bigg Boss 11, Hina is on Shilpa and Arshi's target. In the coming episode, viewers will see an ugly fight between Arshi Khan and Hina Khan. It all starts when Arshi decides to take two packets of milk and Hina opposes her action. Hina says that this ration is for everyone not just for one person. But Arshi ignores everyone. Drama escalates and Hina says pointing towards Arshi, “Mujhe Footage kaise milega, Please Shilpa be with me.”Later on, in the bedroom Arshi is seen saying, “Aaj to ispe aisa footage laungi, gaaliyon pe gaaliyaan doongi. Ab hum khilayenge zillatt ke laddu.”Hina calmly says, “Mene bola na, jis tarah Priyanka Jagga ko dhakke maar ke nikala Salman ne,Yeh vaise hi jayegi. Likh ke lena mujhse.”Check out this video of Arshi Khan and Hina Khan fighting:This week one of the nominated contestants will also get evicted. This week's nominated contestants are, Shilpa Shinde, Zubair Khan, Bandagi Kalra, Arshi Khan and Jyoti Kumari.
Italy v England
Stadio Olimpico, Sunday, 3.0
Live on TV: TV3, UTV
Back when Eddie Jones used to rise early to watch Six Nations games in his native Australia, one thing always caught his eye. The matches tended to be played at a slower pace than in the southern hemisphere, but their physicality and set-piece intensity struck him every time. Now he is coaching England those first impressions remain unaltered, and woe betide any of his players who are insufficiently “brutal” and “ruthless” from the first whistle in Rome's Stadio Olimpico on Sunday.
It is the bluntest of manifestos, with the choice of the forceful Ben Te'o at outside-centre against the Azzurri ahead of Jonathan Joseph further reinforcing the point. As far as Jones is concerned, the chief prerequisite of Test selection is a collective willingness to run straighter and harder than the other mob. Defend with a similarly full-on mindset and, as proven over the past two years, winning games of rugby – and championship titles – suddenly becomes a whole lot easier.
Never mind that Te'o has not played for his club Worcester since mid-October and has made only one previous start for England. Jones saw enough during a no-holds-barred training session last Friday in Portugal to trust his fitness and will be sorely disappointed if the 31-year-old meanders back into the fray.
“None of these blokes can think past the next game because they don't know whether they're going to be in the team. If he [eases himself in] there won't be a Wales. He'll be back eating Worcester sauce. He's got to put his best foot forward because if he cruises he won't be there for a while.”
Much the same applies to England's pack, whom Jones acknowledges still have a way to go in terms of consistency. In the absence of Billy Vunipola there was never much prospect of England going in without a big blindside presence, and Courtney Lawes and Sam Simmonds, in particular, will now be expected to deliver the yardage gains and bruising intent that shape games at this level.
“We're in this tournament to win it,” said Jones. “We want to set the tone early, run through them, create space, smash them at the clean-out, get on the front foot. And when they get the ball they'll see this white line of jerseys coming at them. They'll have nowhere to go. We want to be brutal and absolutely ruthless and that's the team to do it.”
Flex their muscles
Dylan Hartley, the captain, is also demanding England flex their muscles. “That's ‘Rugby 101'. You need to be physical, and clinical. We're challenging ourselves not to have ebbs and flows, or choosing when to dip in and dip out. We want constant intensity from the guys.”
England can call on more experience than seemed likely at one stage, with 689 caps in their starting XV, and have never lost to Italy either home or away. But this is the Six Nations and Italy will be telling themselves their hat-trick-chasing visitors are not totally invincible.
In addition to Te'o, Jack Nowell, Mike Brown and Chris Robshaw are also only just back from injury, with Nowell's availability on the bench surprising even Jones: “Seven days ago he was going back to Exeter to eat pasties, now he's going to Rome where they eat pasta.”
Add in the unavailability of Vunipola, Elliot Daly, Nathan Hughes, Joe Marler and James Haskell and their depth is also being tested. If Mako Vunipola were to tweak something in the warm-up, for example, the next man off the rank is Alec Hepburn, the shaggy-haired Exeter loosehead about to enter his first seething Six Nations cauldron. The 25-year-old Hepburn – who shares a house with his team-mate Harry Williams, grew up playing Aussie Rules football in Perth and also once played junior rugby at Henley alongside Italy's outhalf Tommaso Allan – was a member of the England Under-20 side who won the junior World Cup in 2013, but Italy are not known for gently greeting callow Test props.
More wary
In private, however, the Azzurri remain more wary of England's pack than any other side in the Six Nations, with the former France hooker Marc dal Maso the latest consultant sighted in Bagshot this week. They also cannot rely on the same “fox” strategy that threw their opponents off the scent at Twickenham last year. The laws have now been tweaked, ruling out any repeat of the tactic of not contesting rucks and thus removing the offside line.
Ironically, one of the England players most affected was Te'o.
“We played him against Italy last year and ‘the fox' got him big-time,” said Jones, who was subsequently impressed by Te'o's strong showing for the Lions opposite Sonny Bill Williams. “He wants to go fox-hunting this week. If there are no foxes out there, he might have a chance. He'll add a different dimension at 13 for us. We want him to hit the line hard, that's what he's good at.”
It is worth remembering, even so, that Italy were 10-5 up at half-time and trailed 17-15 with 10 minutes to go. England's last two visits to Rome have been blow-outs but O'Shea has made them fitter, and Alessandro Zanni's 100th cap offers further motivation. The hosts may not fold in the final quarter so readily this time but have exceeded 20 points just once in this fixture. Expect England to take a direct Roman road to a try bonus point.
– Guardian
Contact
Trüpp
***@trupphr.com Trüpp
End
-- Trüpp is proud to be named among Portland Business Journal's Top 100 Fastest Growing Private Companies in Oregon and Southwest Washington. This marks the third consecutive year that Trüpp has received this prestigious award.Trüpp acknowledges this achievement could not have been accomplished without the ongoing support of their savvy clients, who continue to partner with Trüpp for the success and vitality of their businesses. Trüpp shares this honor with their dedicated team-members, who are at the core of the organization's success. "Having such an exceptional team of employees, who are truly committed to making a difference with our clients, is the driving force behind Trüpp's rapid growth," stated Jean Roque, President + Founder of Trupp HR, Inc., "they are vital to carrying out our mission to help small to midsize businesses succeed!"Trüpp landed in the 53 spot this year, following placement in the top 50 the previous two years.As a provider of human resource solutions designed to enhance the employee experience while streamlining employee management and compliance activities, Trüpp ( https://www.trupphr.com/ ) is reinventing HR from the ground up with a progressive and relevant approach that scales with the evolving needs of today's business landscape.Trüpp's strategic approach to the delivery of HR services enables its clients to offload the complexity of HR with a technology-driven, full-service HR experience. Solutions include HR outsourcing ( http://www.trupphr.com/ hr-outsourcing- services-trupp- hr/ ), benefits administration outsourcing (http://www.trupphr.com/benefits-administration-outsourcing/), payroll administration outsourcing (http://www.trupphr.com/payroll-administration-outsourcing/), recruitment process outsourcing (http://www.trupphr.com/recruitment-process-outsourcing/), HR consulting (http://www.trupphr.com/hr-consulting-services/), compensation consulting, HR audits (http://www.trupphr.com/trupp-hr-audits/), employee handbooks (http://www.trupphr.com/custom-employee-handbook/), recruiting, supervisor training (http://www.trupphr.com/manager-supervisor-training/), and leadership development. For more information, call +1.503.828.0255 or visit www.trupphr.com.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the White House visit of French President Emmanuel Macron (all times local):
9:54 a.m.
French President Emmanuel Macron is highlighting the close ties between his nation and the United States during his visit to the White House.
Macron, standing alongside President Donald Trump Tuesday, said "America represents endless possibilities for my country."
Advertisement
He also told Trump that "France shares with your country an ideal of freedom and peace."
Macron touted how the French fought alongside George Washington during the American Revolution, which laid the blueprint for cooperation between the nations.
The French president, who enjoys a closer relationship with Trump than many of his European peers, said that France works alongside the U.S. on challenges like terrorism, North Korea and Iran.
He is expected to lobby Trump to maintain the Iran nuclear deal and reconsider the decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement.
___
9:30 a.m.
President Donald Trump is sending prayers to the Bush family and wishing former President George H.W. Bush a "speedy recovery."
Trump is recognizing the former president as he greets French President Emmanuel Macron on the South Lawn of the White House.
Bush has been hospitalized in Houston with an infection, just days after attending the funeral of his wife, Barbara Bush.
Trump is also sending the nation's sympathies to the Canadian people following the "horrendous tragedy" in Toronto.
A driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 others. Trump says the nation's hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.
___
9:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump says the "wonderful friendship" he has developed with French President Emmanuel Macron is a testament to two nations' enduring alliance.
Trump is thanking Macron for his "steadfast partnership" in responding to the recent chemical attack in Syria.
The president is speaking at an arrival ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House.
Trump and Macron are meeting Tuesday on a number of issues, including the future of the Iran nuclear deal and the crisis in Syria.
The two leaders are holding a joint news conference later in the morning and then Macron will be honored with Trump's first state dinner.
___
9 a.m.
President Donald Trump is welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron to the White House in a formal arrival ceremony.
The president and first lady are greeting Macron and his wife, Brigitte Macron, on rolled-out red carpet on the South Lawn.
The arrival is heavy on pomp, with nearly 500 U.S. service-members from all five military branches participating in the ceremonial welcome, which includes a "Review of the Troops."
Vice President Mike Pence and several members of Trump's Cabinet, lawmakers, and military families are in attendance. The audience includes students from the Maya Angelou French Immersion School in Temple Hills, Maryland.
The two leaders are spending the morning in meetings and then will hold a joint news conference. On Tuesday night, Macron will be feted at Trump's first state dinner.
___
12:50 a.m.
A sit-down between President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron followed by a joint news conference highlight the business portion of the French leader's second day in Washington.
The pageantry of Macron's official state visit, the first of the Trump presidency, comes Tuesday night with a lavish state dinner at the White House. About 150 guests are expected to dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart and enjoy an after-dinner performance by the Washington National Opera.
Monday night was more relaxed, featuring a helicopter tour of Washington landmarks and a trip to the Potomac River home of George Washington for dinner.
Pomp and ceremony aside, Trump and Macron disagree on some fundamental issues. A prime dividing point is the multinational Iran nuclear deal, which Trump wants to abandon.
Update for iOS 11
With iOS 11, you can still bypass the iPhone lock screen and trick Siri into getting into a person's phone. The bypass is the same as it was in the earlier version of the operating system:
Press the home button using a finger not associated with your fingerprint authentication, prompting Siri to wake up.
Say to Siri: Cellular data.
Siri then opens the cellular data settings where you can turn off cellular data.
As was the case before, anyone can do this. It doesn't have to be the person who "trained" Siri.
By also turning off Wi-Fi, you cut off her connectivity access. You will get an error saying, “Siri not available. You are not connected to the internet.” But you don't care about that error because you have already bypassed the iPhone lock screen.
Other privacy holes remain
Also still an issue: Anyone can use Siri to read your new/unread text messages, send text messages and see your most recent phone call.
To do that, again prompt Siri to wake up using a finger not associated with the phone's authentication. Then say, “Read messages,” and Siri will read any unread text messages from the lock screen. Say, "Send a text message [person's name]," and Siri will let you dictate a message and send it. Say, "Show me recent calls," and Siri will display your most recent phone call.
Facebook privacy hole closed
Apple has closed the hole that allowed you to command Siri to post to Facebook. Now, she tells you she can't do it and gives you a button to open Facebook. You need to enter the passcode for the device to open the app.
Lock down your privacy
Until Apple patches the hole that lets you bypass the lock screen and let you command Siri, your best option is to disable Siri from the lock screen.
--------------------------------------
iOS 10.3.2
Apple still has not patched the hole allowing you to bypass the iPhone lock screen. As of iOS 10.3.2 (and the 10.3.3 beta), you can still trick Siri into getting into a person's iPhone.
It works like this:
Press the home button using a finger not associated with your fingerprint authentication, prompting Siri to wake up.
Say to Siri: Cellular data.
Siri will then open the cellular data settings where you can turn off cellular data.
Anyone can do this—it doesn't have to be the person who “trained” Siri.
By also turning off Wi-Fi, you cut off her connectivity access. You will get an error saying, “Siri not available. You are not connected to the internet.” But you don't care about that error because you have already bypassed the iPhone lock screen.
[ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ]
Not only can someone trick Siri to turn off cellular data, but they can trick her to read unread text messages and post to Facebook—a major privacy issue.
To do it, again prompt Siri to wake up using a finger not associated with the phone's authentication. Then say, “Read messages,” and Siri will read any unread text messages from the lock screen. Or say, “Post to Facebook,” and Siri will ask you what you want to post to Facebook.
We tested this with a staffer's iPhone 7, with someone other than the iPhone owner giving the commands. Siri let the person right in.
While we wait for Apple to patch the hole, your best option is to disable Siri from the lock screen.
--------------------------------------
iOS 9 lock screen bypass vulnerability
There are multiple bypass vulnerabilities which could allow an attacker to get past the passcode lock screen on Apple devices running iOS 9.
The details for four different attack scenarios were disclosed by Vulnerability Lab. It's important to note that an attacker would need physical access to the device to pull this off; that being said, the advisory says the hacks were successfully executed on iPhone models 5, 5s, 6 and 6s as well as iPad models Mini, 1 and 2 running iOS 9 versions 9.0, 9.1 and 9.2.1.
Security researcher Benjamin Kunz Mejri, who disclosed a different method for disabling the passcode lock screen on iOS 8 and iOS 9 about a month ago, discovered the flaws. Vulnerability Lab posted a proof-of-concept video showing multiple new ways for a local attacker to bypass the passcode in iOS 9 and gain unauthorized access to the device.
“Local attackers can use Siri, the event calendar or the available clock module for an internal browser link request to the App Store that is able to bypass the customer's passcode or fingerprint protection mechanism,” the disclosure states. The attacks exploit vulnerabilities “in App Store, Buy more Tones or Weather Channel links of the clock, event calendar and Siri user interface.”
There are four attack scenarios explained in the disclosure and demonstrated in the proof-of-concept video; each begins on an iOS device with a locked passcode.
The first scenario involves pushing the Home button to activate Siri and asking her to open a non-existing app. Siri responds that you have no such app, but she “can help you look for it on the App Store.” Tapping on the App Store button opens a “a new restricted browser window.” Either select update and open the last app, or “push twice on the Home button” for the task slide preview to appear. Swipe over to the active front screen task and that bypassed the passcode lock screen on iPhone models 5, 5s, 6 and 6s.
The second scenario is similar, first pushing on the Home button for two seconds to activate Siri and then asking to open the clock app. Switch to world clock in the bottom module and tap the image for the Weather Channel LLC network; if the weather app is deactivated by default, then a new restricted browser window will open which has App Store menu links. Click update and open the last app, or tap twice on the Home button to get to task slide preview. Swipe over to the active front screen and voila – passcode lock screen bypassed again; this reportedly works on iPhone models 5, 5s, 6 and 6s.
The third attack scenario works on iPad model 1 and 2, but basically follows the same steps as scenario two to bypass the passcode and gain unauthorized access to the device.
The fourth way to bypass the lock screen passcode involves forcing Siri to open by pushing the Home button and asking her to “open Events/Calendar app.” An attacker could tap the “Information of Weather Channel” link which is found at the bottom of the screen next to the “Tomorrow module.” If the weather app is deactivated by default, then a new restricted browser window opens with App Store links. Tap update and open the last app, or push twice on the Home button to bring up the task slide preview. Swipe over to select the active front screen and the passcode on the lock screen is bypassed.
[ Further reading: Multifactor authentication goes mainstream ]
Although the Apple security team was reportedly notified on January 4, there are no dates listed in the vulnerability disclosure timeline for Apple responding or developing a patch. Vulnerability Lab proposed the following temporary solution for users to harden device settings:
February 2, 2018- Elizabethtown Area High School seniors Scyla Crozier and Erin Kraskewicz won awards in the 2018 Lancaster County Regional Scholastic Writing Awards sponsored by the Lancaster County Library. Kraskewicz was honored with a silver key in the poetry category for her entry Purple Daffodils and an honorable mention for her Personal Essay/Memoir entry titled The Girl. Crozier received an honorable mention for her Flash Fiction entry Breaking News: Man Dies In House Fire Caused By Gas Leak.
The prestigious recognition program provides an avenue for students in local middle and high schools to express themselves through writing. The student entries were judged at the local level by a panel of distinguished writers and journalists. Students could enter their writings into various categories such as dramatic script, humor, journalism, poetry and science fiction.
This is the third year in a row Kraskewicz has earned awards in the competition. She received a silver key and two honorable mentions in the 2017 competition to go along with a gold key she received her sophomore year in the Poetry category.
Founded in 1923, the Scholastic Art and Writing Awards are the oldest, longest-running, most prestigious recognition program for creative teenagers in the United States. The program is open to students in grades 7-12. This year, nationwide more than 140,000 works of art and writings were submitted to the competition
Photo caption- Pictured (L-R) Scholastic Writing Award winners Scyla Crozier and Erin Kraskewicz.
The Cornley Polytechnic Drama Society has been busy bringing Susie H K Brideswell's whodunnit Murder at Haversham Manor to Milton Keynes Theatre this week
We talked to the head of the society and director of the show Chris Bean and Robert Grove who describes himself as a leading member of the society. Things may have not gone entirely to plan.
The Play That Goes Wrong
The Play That Goes Wrong is performed at Milton Keynes Theatre until Saturday April 28. Tickets for the show can be booked by visiting www.atgtickets.co.uk/miltonkeynes or by calling 0844 871 7652
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ABOVE PHOTO: Author Nelson George shares a laugh with multimedia personality and long time friend Dyana Williams. (Photo by Solomon Williams)
By Kharisma McIlwaine
Brooklyn native Nelson George — author, music aficionado, broadcaster, producer, and filmmaker — has been a champion for the African-American community for years. Many may be familiar with George's work as writer and producer in the Netflix original series, “The Get Down.” He has dedicated the entirety of his career to exploring and sharing the Black experience.
As a former editor of Black music at Billboard Magazine, George is a true lover of Black music in all of its forms; jazz, funk, R&B, and hip-hop. George's work and perspective are respected sources of knowledge for Black music and its prominent position in American culture. Recently, George released his fourth book in the D Hunter Mystery series called “To Funk and Die in LA.” On September 26th, George visited Philadelphia for an intimate conversation about his latest addition to the crime-fiction series.
The African American Museum of Philadelphia (AAMP) and South Restaurant partnered to invite George to participate in their “Conversations with South” series. The evening began with a few words from Vanesse J. Lloyd-Sgambati, founder of The African American Children's Book Fair. A portion of the proceeds of the books sold that evening went towards purchasing books for school-aged children in Philadelphia. The conversation was moderated by Dyana Williams – Philadelphia royalty, multimedia personality, and long-time friend of George. In a candid conversation, George shared the impetus for the beginning of his journey as a writer.
“When I was coming up, most of the books that I read about American music, be it jazz, the blues, R&B, rock and roll… they were all written by White writers,” George said. “Very few were written by people who are participants in it. I say as Black people, you may not be a musician but our music comes out of communal experience. The way that people dance affected the way that people played.”
“The thing that made me really want to be a music writer was I remember reading Rolling Stones magazine's Brothers Johnson Stomp review,” George continued. “I said to myself, the guy that wrote this review doesn't dance. He was writing about this record like it was a Bob Dylan record. If you danced, you felt that record. I thought so much of the music and our culture is being critiqued and documented by people who aren't participating in the rituals of the Black community. That made me want to take the leap from someone who read reviews to someone who wrote reviews.”
The journey from editor, to review writer, to author was all inspired by George's desire to share the wealth of the Black experience as all it has to offer with the masses.
His goal has always been to help redefine the Black experience in our own words, George said. “The whole journey of my career has been to try and take that colloquial experience that we have with music and translate it so that other generations later can have it and be part of the dialogue at as it's being consumed,” he said.
“To Funk and Die in LA” brings back the main character of George's mystery series, D Hunter. George describes D Hunter as, “A product of both the world of entertainment, and the world of violence in the 90s crack era where people could get shot just walking out of their house. He's obsessed with security, protecting people and music.”
“To Funk And Die in LA” — which George dedicates to “Sly Stone, Rick James, Maurice White, and the many funk gods of Los Angeles”—takes the character D. Hunter, a former bodyguard, from the streets of Brooklyn to Los Angeles to investigate the murder of his grandfather. George read the first chapter of the book before garnering audience participation in music trivia. George — who starts all of his projects by writing longhand — encouraged the audience to write down their own thoughts. The evening ended with a ‘meet and greet' and book signing.
Rapper, actor, and producer Common currently owns the rights to George's first three books, but it is still undetermined whether those works will be translated into film. What we do know is that the possibilities are endless for the creative mind of George who continues to strive for “the freedom to be free” while authentically telling our stories.
“To Funk And Die in LA” — as well as a number of George's other written works — are available for purchase at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and on his website http://www.nelsongeorge.net/. Let's continue supporting the work of this prolific writer as he continues to transcribe our stories.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
* EBRD backed Polish energy with 100 mln euros in 2016
* This compares to around 250 mln euros in past years
* Quotes law, subsidy system as reasons for investment slump
* Still expects to finance Poland's first offshore wind farms
By Agnieszka Barteczko and Anna Koper
WARSAW, April 13 The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has cut its financing of wind farms in Poland because there are fewer projects as government policies have made them unprofitable, a top EBRD official said.
Private investors spent around 34 billion zlotys ($8.5 billion) on the construction of wind farms in Poland in the past few years, helping the country become less reliant on coal and taking it closer to European Union carbon emissions targets.
"These investors are now suffering significant losses and are unlikely to incur new investment in Poland," Grzegorz Zielinski, EBRD's Poland chief, told Reuters.
"I'm afraid that this could translate into a negative perception of Poland as a country unfavourable for private investors in regulated sectors," he added.
Overall investment in Poland, across industries, fell 5.5 percent last year, the biggest decline in 14 years, according to the statistics office data.
In the energy sector, the ruling Law and Justice party (PiS) wants coal to remain Poland's dominant source of energy for many years. It sees renewable energy as unstable and has introduced laws on wind farms that have made many of them unprofitable.
In 2016 the government unexpectedly banned building wind farms too close to dwellings and imposed a higher property tax on wind farm owners.
The subsidy system for renewables, based on tradeable green certificates, has also become oversupplied and caused a slump in prices, which has hit wind farms' cashflows.
Critics say such policies may lead Poland to miss the EU target of generating 15 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
EBRD provides financing for energy projects aimed at reducing emissions, mostly renewable sources and power distribution. It spent around 100 million euros on energy projects in Poland in 2016, down from around 250 million euros annually in the previous years.
"Following a fall in investment in renewables (in general) EBRD also reduced investment in the energy sector in 2016," Zielinski said.
EBRD backed one of the country's biggest wind farms Banie, in northwest Poland, last year, together with local lenders Alior Bank and BOS. The latter said in March it booked a $25 million writedown on wind-farm related loans for 2016.
"We hope that 2017 will be an improvement when it comes to our investments in energy in Poland, but due to the investment uncertainty we do not expect a sudden increase in private investment," Zielinski said.
Poland's biggest private utility Polenergia and state-run PGE are due to launch the country's first offshore wind farms after 2022.
"We hope that these projects will go ahead and that we will take part in their financing," Zielinski said.
This year EBRD expects to spend a similar amount in Poland to 2016 when it provided financing of 780 million euros across all industries. ($1 = 4.0013 zlotys) (Editing by Susan Fenton)
Contact
Rita Berman
***@bellsouth.net Rita Berman
End
-- The Society of Military Widows will recognize its 50th Anniversary in 2018. As a celebration and a fundraiser the Society will publish a collection of stories and poems by wives and widows of the Uniformed Services.Response to the Society's Call for Stories has resulted in numerous true-life accounts of family life at home and abroad. Coping with deployments and the adjustments to new schools for children, or career changes for the spouse are a challenge. Assignments in the U.S. or abroad, to Korea, Vietnam, Operation Freedom, tours in Taipei and Turkey, Afghanistan may lead to months or years apart..Editor, Rita Berman, said some stories tell frankly about hearing the death of their spouse. A price that is paid sometimes in combat, a helicopter crash, or later as the result of Agent Orange, is followed by what wcj the widow did afterward. Yet all express pride in the service and dedication that their spouses gave to the United States.The book, Military Wives and Widows Tell Their Stories, will be available on Amazon.com immediately after publication early in 2018.
By Kenechukwu Iruoma
Folio Communications Limited has said that Senator Ikechukwu Obiora cannot take over the ownership of Daily Times of Nigeria, noting that he has no title to any company with such a name.
Folio was reacting to information it received that Obiora had written to Nigeria Internet Registration Association (NIRA) demanding that Daily Times online platform be pulled down.
A statement by the Media/Publicity Adviser to Folio Communications, Bonaventure Melah who doubles as the Managing Editor of Daily Times said Obiora had lost cases relating to ownership of Daily Times.
His words: “Ikechukwu Obiorah has dragged the management of Folio to many courts but the courts have refused to do his bidding. There are many incorruptible judges in Nigeria even as the law is clear on what constitutes ownership of a company. Folio has also consistently published Daily Times, both the newspaper and the online version for more than 10 years.
According to Melah, there is no court order to stop the publication of Daily Times and no competent court will grant such order as there is no basis in the first place.
“This is because there is no company called Daily Times. Daily Times is a title owned by Folio Communications Limited following its legal acquisition in 2004 and proper handover by the Bureau of Public Enterprises (BPE) the same year.
> “While Ikechukwu Obiorah agrees that he did not participate in the privatisation of Daily Times alongside Folio Communications Limited yet he claims to have acquired a company from Mr. Ben Okoye with unsubstantiated 40 percent interest for which he is claiming ownership of a company that Folio acquired and fully paid for.”
“However, we want to state that the case of Daily Times is different as we will at all time, defend what rightly belongs to us, using all legal means. No matter how hard they try and the means deployed, Ikechukwu Obiorah and his cohorts will never be the owners of Daily Times because you cannot take what is not yours.”
The statement said that the intervention of Asset Management Company of Nigeria (AMCON) was purely for the management of assets.
“As law abiding corporate citizen, it is a deliberate policy of Folio to follow the dictates of the law in order not to take actions that are subjudice knowing that there are cases pending in the courts on the matter.
“Again, as law abiding citizens, we believe that the appropriate place to seek justice is the law. We have therefore instituted several contempt cases against Obiorah and because we have faith in the sanctity of the Nigerian judiciary, we trust that very soon justice will prevail. ”
Jeremy Clarkson has said he thought Richard Hammond was dead after being involved in a serious crash while filming The Grand Tour.
Hammond was driving an electric supercar which crashed and burst into flames after completing a hill climb during filming in Switzerland.
The 47-year-old climbed out of the car before the fire and suffered no serious injury, although he will need surgery to fix a broken leg.
Clarkson told of the "coldness" he felt when he realised the crash had happened to his co-host, adding that his knees turned to "jelly".
He said Hammond was referred to as a "body" following the incident, and that he did not want to see him, "not after a crash that big".
Clarkson wrote on Drive Tribe, a digital platform for car enthusiasts: "I don't know what went wrong. Hopefully, when he comes out of surgery and is feeling up to it, he will be able to tell us.
"What I do know is that I genuinely thought he was dead."
Clarkson said he had finished filming for the day and was waiting for Hammond and fellow presenter James May to complete a hill climb when he learned that a test driver had had an "off" in one of the cars. He mistakenly thought it was a Lamborghini Aventador that had crashed and not the Rimac Concept One that Hammond had been driving.
Initially angered, Clarkson said it quickly became obvious that something serious had happened.
He wrote: "And as I stood there, waiting for news, it dawned on me that the burning car was not yellow, as the Aventador was. It was white. Hammond's Rimac had been white.
"And I can feel it now; the coldness. My knees turning to jelly. It was Hammond who'd crashed.
"I was joined at this point by James who'd arrived on the scene just before me in his Honda NSX. He was in a right old state, his arms waving frantically, his eyes wide. 'Hammond's in there,' he was screaming."
Clarkson added: "Then came news from a nearby marshal that he wasn't. That he'd got out before the fire started. And that 'his body' - that's what they said - was behind a screen at the bottom of the hill.
"I could see the screen. I could see the paramedics behind it. I couldn't see Hammond. I didn't want to see him. Not after a crash that big."
Clarkson said they were then told Hammond was fine by their security man, and that he is sure his co-host will share further details "when the lucky sod feels up to it".
Hammond has apologised to his wife and children and joked that he is "not dead" in a video filmed from his hospital bed.
A spokesman for The Grand Tour thanked paramedics for their "swift response" after the accident, and added that the cause is being investigated.
Two Police Community Support Officers shaved their heads to raise money for the Luton Foodbank.
Bedfordshire Police PCSOs Dan McHugh and Liam Hill took part in the event, in partnership with Luton Foodbank and sponsored by Picasso Hairdressers, Guildford Street, Luton, on Thursday, December 7.
Liam Hill and Dan McHugh shaved their hair for charity
PCSO Dan McHugh said: “I will definitely miss my well maintained hairdo but it's a small price to pay to support our local charity. We will appreciate any kind of money donated to support people who live in poverty and can't afford food.”
Dan and Liam work with the communities across Bedfordshire and were happy to shave their hair to support the charity.
PCSO Liam Hill said: “I hope that my dramatic hairstyle change will help to raise awareness of people who live below the poverty line. Nobody should go hungry and this amazing Luton charity is working hard to deliver food to the tables of those in need.”
Luton Foodbank aims to eradicate food poverty in the town and support people so that they can take steps to overcome the problems that brought them to the foodbank.
Salma Kham, of Luton Foodbank, said: “Last year, Luton Foodbank gave out over 8000 food parcels, an increase of 33 per cent. Donations from the public are a lifeline to ensure the Foodbank is here for those in desperate need. Every day we see the impact that poverty has on families in the town.”
For more information visit: www.lutonfoodbank.org.uk.
Adding wells a shallow plan, research suggests
In its annual report on disaster preparedness, the National Committee for Disaster Management yesterday affirmed that last year's drought was the worst in 50 years and recommended the construction of new wells to alleviate future dry spells – despite serious risks identified by recent research.
The report states the government's intention to maintain wells currently in use and build additional ones to prepare for future droughts, recommending that local authorities “build more wells and canals for water storage”.
However, in February 2016, Stanford researchers published a study explaining that increasing groundwater use will deplete shallow wells, forcing Cambodians to dig ever-deeper in order to access a severely diminished water supply.
Some NGOs also say they now favour other means of facilitating water access.
Stopping short of saying that its members would stop building wells, the secretariat of the Humanitarian Response Forum – a network that includes the UN and NGOs – said yesterday that it preferred alternative solutions, citing “recently constructed rainwater harvesting tanks” in “116 schools in areas particularly impacted by the dry conditions in 2016”.
But Uy Samath, of the Cambodian Red Cross, said yesterday that his organisation – which has been accused of working as an auxiliary to the government – disagreed that wells pose an immediate risk. Building wells will “reduce natural water, but [only] in five or 10 years”, he maintained.
DECATUR, Ga. (AP) — All lanes of a major highway in metro Atlanta have reopened after a carpool lane of Interstate 20 buckled and broke apart.
Georgia Department of Transportation spokeswoman Natalie Dale says the lanes heading westbound reopened Tuesday morning, several miles southeast of downtown Atlanta. She said the buckled stretch of the interstate should be fixed by midday.
The 1-20 buckling Monday proved to be another headache for Atlanta area motorists already struggling with the collapse of an overpass on a key north-south route March 30.
DeKalb County Police spokeswoman Shiera Campbell says concrete was being pumped under the highway when a rupture forced the material upward.
A man riding a motorcycle in the carpool lane hit the rising pavement at high speed and was sent airborne. He was hospitalized with multiple broken bones.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Book Launch & Signing Party at Angel of Harlem. DATE: Wednesday 8/30/17 LOCATION: 2272 Frederick Douglass Blvd, NY, NY 10027 TIME: 6PM-9PM. RSVP Required
Contact
Melanie Joseph - Executive Assistant
***@joanecajuste.com Melanie Joseph - Executive Assistant
End
--Joane Cajuste takes readers on a trip down memory lane of her life's challenges, and overcoming many obstacles. Destructive behaviors, childhood trauma and severe depression left her feeling paralyzed. A diagnosis of Ulcerative Colitis has taken Joane many years to find dietary balance to overcome her painful autoimmune disease.This book will take readers through the world of one woman who has seen darkness and had to learn how to deal with life when it became too difficult--a true testament of survival.If you are seeking a second chance in life at whatever point you find yourself, this book is sure to be the healing balm that soothes your soul and will show you how to climb from rock bottom and into the life that God has designed for you.Joane Cajuste™ is a lifestyle & holistic wellness coach and an inspirational speaker. She coaches individuals from all walks and levels of life. As a coach specializing in holistic approaches to healing, she focuses on the powerful connection between mind, body and spirit. She helps people find the peace and clarity they deserve through life mentoring, holistic nutrition, custom fitness programs and stress management.Book now available on Amazon and Amazon Kindle:
Furniture is a movable and a decorative art which includes chairs, tables, cupboards and others. The main purpose of furniture is to provide comfort and a suitable décor to building and is usually made from a wide range of materials including wood, plastic, metal, fiber and others. Recent trend shows that furniture industry has developed greatly and no longer restricted to the production of tables and chairs.
The growing number purchases by the expanding hospitality industry, open-air sports areas, office spaces, and public gardens are some of the factors which driving the market of outdoor furniture. Moreover, changing lifestyle, and increase in consumer purchasing power are the other factors which is boosting the market growth. However, high cost of materials acts as a barrier for the outdoor furniture market. The global outdoor furniture market is expected to show staggering growth during the forecast period.
Regional Analysis of Global Outdoor Furniture Market
North America is dominating the market of outdoor furniture. The U.S holds the largest share of outdoor furniture market in North America followed by Canada and Mexico. The U.S. is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 5% during the forecast period. The demand for outdoor furniture is increasing as these are considered as comfortable items for relaxation and lounging outside. Factors such as indoor storage space, easy maintenance, and looks are some of the factors which is driving the market.
Request a sample @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2077
Key Players
The key players of global outdoor furniture market report include Brown Jordan, Century Furniture, Forever Patio, Home Depot, Home Crest Outdoor Living, Adams Manufacturing, Barbeques Galore, Dedon, and Heritage Home Group.
Target Audience
• Manufactures
• Raw Materials Suppliers
• Aftermarket suppliers
• Research Institute / Education Institute
• Potential Investors
• Key executive (CEO and COO) and strategy growth manager
Product Analysis
• Product matrix which gives a detailed comparison of the market for different recycled product types
Additional Information
• Regulatory Landscape
• Pricing Analysis
• Macroeconomic Indicators
Geographic Analysis
• Geographical analysis across 15 countries
Company Information
• Profiling of 10 key market players
• In-depth analysis including SWOT analysis, and strategy information of related to report title
• Competitive landscape including emerging trends adopted by major companies
The report for Global Outdoor Furniture Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Browse report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/outdoor-furniture-market-2077
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 524/528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Stephen Donald is to return home to re-join the Counties Manukau Steelers for the Mitre 10 Cup.
The 33-year-old former Waiuku and Wesley College student is returning to where his career started, joining the Steelers as they prepare for their Mitre 10 Cup opener against Auckland on Saturday.
The popular rugby player, who has been busy with the release of his book Beaver, is looking forward to this new challenge.
"I still believe I have plenty to offer the game and I can add value to this Steelers team, while also working in the region to encourage more kids to be active."
Advertisement
Donald grew up in Waiuku where he played his junior rugby, running out for the Premier side in 2002 before winning the 2003 championship alongside current Steelers assistant coach Grant Henson.
LONDON (Reuters) - Eider Arevalo won Colombia's first gold of the World Championships on Sunday by triumphing in the men's 20-kilometre walk.
The 24-year-old continued his unbeaten run over this distance in 2017 by crossing the line, wearing his country's flag as a cape, in a national record time of one hour, 18 minutes and 53 seconds.
"I am very happy. This is great for Colombia. I thank god for this triumph," he told reporters.
"It was a complicated competition but I was prepared physiologically and physically. In the last 4km I decided to make it quicker and ultimately the last kilometre was decisive."
Russian Sergey Shirobokov, competing as an authorised neutral athlete, shadowed Arevalo for most of the race but faded on the final lap on The Mall.
The 2015 youth champion still managed a late surge to finish two seconds behind Arevalo to take silver in his debut senior World Championships.
Shirobokov dedicated his medal to the Russian athletes who were not authorised to compete in London, owing to the country's ban from athletics following an independent WADA report revealing widespread doping offences.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – men's 20 km walk – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Eider Arevalo of Colombia and neutral athlete Sergei Shirobokov pose after winning medals. Toby Melville
"I am so young. These are my first world championships so I'm so glad to win this medal. I wanted to win the gold but I couldn't today," he said.
"My goal was to compete for other Russian athletes who have been banned. It was a great motivation to be here. I wanted to win for them."
Caio Bonfim repeated his performance from the Pan American Games two years ago to take bronze in 1:19:04 for Brazil's first medal of any colour at the championships in London.
Overtaking a tiring Lebogang Shange of South Africa in the final stages, Bonfim made sure he improved on his fourth place finish at his home Olympics last year.
But the day belonged to Arevalo who was in the thick of the leading pack as it dwindled down from eight at the 15km split, to three in the final kilometre.
Arevalo showed a huge improvement on his last 20km showing on this course at the London 2012 Olympics where he finished 20th.
However, there was disappointment for British hope Tom Bosworth on home ground as he was shown three red cards for technique infractions - meaning automatic disqualification - just past the halfway point.
"I haven't been disqualified for four and a half years so to do it here in London is devastating. But this has only made me hungrier for more. These bad days make the good days even sweeter," he said.
New Zealand completed a 240-run thumping of the West Indies in the second test at Seddon Park today.
Spinner Mitchell Santner took the last two wickets on consecutive balls shortly before tea on the fourth day, the West Indies being dismissed for 203.
The result ensured a clean sweep, winning the series 2-0 after their innings and 67-run win at the Basin Reserve in the first test.
Read more:
Who is New Zealand's greatest test batsmen?
Advertisement
The West Indies had started the fourth day at 30 for two, requiring an improbable 444 to win.
They lost stand-in captain Kraigg Brathwaite in the sixth over of the day, caught at gully off Trent Boult, giving the left armer his 200th test wicket, just the fifth such bowler to that mark.
Neil Wagner dismissed Roston Chase for 64. Photo / Photosport
He is also the sixth New Zealand bowler to 200, after Richard Hadlee, Dan Vettori, Chris Martin, Chris Cairns and current teammate Tim Southee.
Shai Hope was struck on an arm by Neil Wagner and hooked the next ball straight to fine leg.
Sunil Ambris took a blow on his left wrist and after battling on a few minutes, retired hurt on five. A check revealed a broken bone and he is out of the ODI squad.
Shane Dowrich was caught by Henry Nicholls. Photo / Photosport
Wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich popped a catch to short leg but Roston Chase and Ray Reifer battled solidly to lunch and well into the second session, before they departed in quick order.
Chase completed his fifth half century, 64, while Reifer made 29 before falling to a fine low catch by captain Kane Williamson at gully.
Wagner finished with three for 42 and there were two wickets apiece for Southee, Boult and Santner.
The three-game ODI series starts in Whangarei next Wednesday, before which the tourists' have a one-day fixture against a New Zealand XI on Saturday.
The squad is significantly different from their test group, with the likes of batting heavyweights Chris Gayle and Marlon Samuels and Evin Lewis arriving this week.
The ODI series continues in Christchurch on December 23 and Boxing Day.
European Professional Club Rugby (EPCR) has awarded the 2018 Champions Cup, Challenge Cup and Continental Shield finals to Bilbao, making the Spanish city the first host of the weekend festival outside Europe's traditional rugby territories.
Bilbao will become the first city outside Britain, Ireland and France to host the event, while the 2019 finals have been awarded to Newcastle, the EPCR said in a statement on Monday.
Next year's finals will be held at San Mames Stadium, the home of La Liga side Athletic Bilbao. The stadium has a capacity of 53,289 following its recent refurbishment.
"We are very excited to be taking the best club rugby in the world to fans in what is largely a new market," EPCR Chairman Simon Halliday said. "Bilbao is an excellent destination which breaks new ground for our tournaments and we see this as a big step in the expansion of our sport across the continent."
The Champions Cup is a top-tier competition for clubs that have qualified in their national leagues in countries that are part of the Six Nations, while the Challenge Cup is for clubs from the second-tier.
The French city of Lyon staged the finals weekend last year. That event generated an estimated 20.4 million euros ($21.7 million) for the local economy.
Italy's Milan was due to host the final in 2015 but it instead went to Twickenham after the demise of the old Heineken Cup format.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
The jury at the conspiracy to defraud and false accounting trial of former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive David Drumm have been sent home for a second night, after deliberating for just under two hours .
The nine men and three women began considering a verdict on Tuesday, day 81 of proceedings, after one of the longest running trials in the history of the State.
They have now been deliberating for a total of three hours and nine minutes following the 16-week trial at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
Judge Karen O'Connor told jurors that she required a unanimous verdict in relation to both counts against Mr Drumm (51).
“However, you must consider each count separately and can acquit or convict on either or both,” she said.
The judge reminded them that Mr Drumm had pleaded not guilty and was presumed innocent and it was only for the to find otherwise.
She said they were dealing with two separate trials within a trial, and asked them to consider each of the charges against the defendant separately.
It is the State's case that Mr Drumm conspired with Irish Life & Permanent's former CEO, Denis Casey, Anglo's former financial director Willie McAteer and former Head of Treasury at Anglo, John Bowe, and others to carry out €7.2 billion in fraudulent transactions in order to bolster the customer deposits figure on the bank's balance sheet.
FILE PHOTO: A tourist watches monkeys on the top of the Rock in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, historically claimed by Spain, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Jon Nazca /File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A general view shows the Spanish city of La Linea de la Concepcion (rear) and the tarmac of the Gibraltar International Airport (bottom L) while tourists stand on the top of the Rock (R) next to the European Union flag, in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar, September 14, 2016. REUTERS/Jon Nazca/File Photo
LONDON British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said the United Kingdom would remain "implacable and rock-like" in its support for Gibraltar after the European Union offered Spain a right of veto over the territory's future relationship with the bloc.
Often referred to as "The Rock", Gibraltar is a British overseas territory on the southern tip of Spain.
Madrid claims sovereignty over the territory -- which it ceded to Britain in 1713 -- and the issue has often caused diplomatic tensions with London.
Gibraltar's status after Britain leaves the EU is set to be one of the most contentious issues in complex exit talks expected to last years.
Johnson made his comment about Gibraltar late on Friday after speaking on the phone to Fabian Picardo, Gibraltar's chief minister.
"As ever, the UK remains implacable and rock-like in our support for Gibraltar," he wrote on Twitter.
Picardo has accused Spain of a "disgraceful" attempt to manipulate the Brexit process to further its sovereignty claim over Gibraltar.
According to the EU's draft joint position on exit talks with Britain, no agreement between the UK and the EU may apply to Gibraltar without a separate agreement between Spain and the Britain.
The Spanish government said it was satisfied with the position.
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
