RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — A specialty chemical company plans to expand in North Carolina and create 200 jobs over five years.
Gov. Roy Cooper's administration announced Monday that Albemarle Corp. expects to invest more than $10 million over five years on an expansion in Cleveland County that will add 170 jobs through 2022. The company also expects to add 30 jobs at its headquarters in Charlotte.
The company already employs 150 people in Kings Mountain and 130 in Charlotte.
Average salaries for the Cleveland County positions will be over $78,000, more than double the county average.
A state panel agreed Monday to give Albemarle $4.3 million over 12 years if the company meets job-creation and investment goals. Albemarle makes chemicals used to create products manufactured by pharmaceutical and electronics companies, among others.
360Hawt: DJ Spinall x Wizkid – Opoju (Freestyle)
Wizkid kill the vibe, Just exactly when the street need the tunes of life Wizkid made the day with his old vibez. Here he comes trough with another freestyle tune which he was featured by DJ Spinall.
The sweet vibe tune is titled ‘Opoju', and was produced by Killertunes.
‘Opoju' is the second release of the day after he shared ‘Ghetto Youth (freestyle)‘ on his soundcloud page.
Much is expected on his coming #SFTOS mixtape scheduled to be released june/2017. While we anticipate the mixtape, Listen to ‘Opoju' below and share your thoughts.
Enjoy!
https://www.360nobs.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/DJ-Spinall-x-Wizkid-Opoju.mp3
Note: There is a file embedded within this post, please visit this post to download the file.
The post 360Hawt: DJ Spinall x Wizkid – Opoju (Freestyle) appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Qatar said Wednesday it has pulled all of its troops from the border of Djibouti and Eritrea, east African nations that have a long-running territorial dispute which Doha had helped mediate. Qatar offered no explanation for the move, though it comes amid a diplomatic dispute with other Arab nations that have cut diplomatic ties and now are trying to isolate Qatar from the rest of the world. While the dispute hasn't escalated to a military confrontation, Qatar's military is dwarfed by neighboring Saudi Arabia and the United Arab...
read more...
Published By: VOA Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Archive2Azure Finalist for Best Cloud Solution, and FastCollect for PSTs Finalist for Best Data Storage Solution
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Archive360™, the world's leading provider of data migration and data management solutions for the Microsoft Cloud, today announced it has been named a finalist in two categories in the 2017 DBTA Readers' Choice Awards. Archive360's Archive2Azure™ managed compliance storage solution for Microsoft Azure has been named a finalist for "Best Cloud Storage Solution" and its FastCollect for PSTs™ fully automated discovery, rehydration, migration, removal and storage solution has been named a finalist for "Best Data Storage Solution."
"The cloud has become a preferred option for companies seeking to reverse the growing issues associated with ever-expanding on-premises legacy email archives, and ensure preparedness to meet regulatory compliance and eDiscovery mandates," said Bill Tolson, Vice President of Marketing, Archive360. "With Archive2Azure, data can be quickly and accurately migrated to and managed within the Microsoft Azure cloud, and users can reap its benefits -- including simplified management, virtually limitless elastic scalability, security, protection, high availability, easy access and much lower and controllable costs, while still ensuring regulatory compliance and eDiscovery readiness."
"Likewise, in today's dynamic, highly competitive and litigious business climate, it has never been more critical to assure a compliant and legally defensible email archive, and in order to do so organizations must first be able to locate PSTs wherever they are hiding," Tolson continued. "FastCollect for PSTs is the only fully-automated solution that ensures all metadata, message stubs and message content can be compliantly located, rehydrated, migrated, deleted, stored and audited in a manner that ensures full fidelity."
Tolson concluded, "We are sincerely honored to have both Archive360 solutions singled-out by Database Trends and Applications (DBTA) and respectfully encourage our worldwide customer network of thousands to take a moment and cast their votes today."
Please cast your vote for Archive360 at: http://www.dbta.com/ReadersChoice/2017/Vote.aspx
The DBTA Readers' Choice Awards Winners will be showcased in a special section of the DBTA website and in the August 2017 edition of Database Trends and Applications magazine.
Tweet This: .@Archive360 DBTA Readers' Choice Awards finalist, please cast your votes for Archive2Azure & FastCollect for PSTs http://www.dbta.com/ReadersChoice/2017/Vote.aspx
About Archive2Azure
Archive360's Archive2Azure is a managed compliance storage solution for Microsoft Azure. It is the industry's first solution allowing for complete elimination of legacy on premise email archives and other low touch or 'grey' data including inactive employee work files and PSTs, file system content, system generated data, data from application retirement, and data sets generated form eDiscovery. Archive2Azure delivers long-term, secure retention and management of low touch unstructured data, including journal email for regulatory compliance.
About FastCollect for PSTs
Archive360's FastCollect for PSTs is the only automated PST discovery, migration and storage solution that ensures all message stubs, metadata and message content can be located, rehydrated, migrated, deleted, stored and audited in a manner ensuring full legal and regulatory compliance.
About Archive360
Archive360 is the world's leading provider of data migration and management solutions for the Microsoft cloud. Since 2012, Archive360 has securely migrated tens of petabytes into the Microsoft Cloud with record-breaking speed, verifiable data fidelity and legally defensible chain of custody. Archive360's Archive2Azure solution is the industry's first compliance and unstructured data storage and management solution based on the Microsoft Azure platform. Archive360 is a global organization that delivers its solutions both directly and through a worldwide network of partners. Archive360 is a Microsoft Cloud Solution Provider and the Archive2Azure solution is Microsoft Azure Certified. To learn more, please visit: www.archive360.com.
Copyright ©2017. Archive360 is a registered trademark and Archive2Anywhere, Archive2Azure and FastCollect are trademarks of Archive360.
Las Vegas summer fun kicks off during Memorial Day weekend with the opening of seven Clark County water parks.
"Memorial Day weekend marks the beginning of the summer season at Clark County's pools and outdoor water parks," said County Commission Chair Steve Sisolak. "We have wonderful facilities for the public to enjoy all season long as a way to beat our summer desert heat."
The County's water parks will be open from noon to 6 p.m. over Memorial Day weekend with the exceptions of the Laughlin Water Park, which opens on Saturday from 1 p.m. to 7 p.m. Locations are as follows:
Desert Breeze Water Park, 8275 Spring Mountain Rd.
Cambridge Water Park at 3930 Cambridge St.
Hollywood Water Park at 1550 S. Hollywood Blvd.
Paradise Water Park at 4770 Harrison Dr.
Parkdale Water Park at 3200 Ferndale St.
Walnut Water Park at 3085 Cecile Ave.
Laughlin Water Park, 3790 S. James Bilbray
Most Clark County pools offer swimming lessons in two and three-week sessions. Visit the Clark County Parks and Recreation website for class information.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Dr Simon Ntabaguzi, a medical specialist who helped train health workers in Tanzania on how to combat Ebola in case of an outbreak has died of Cancer of the Oesophagus....
read more...
Published By: The Citizen - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
NORTHWEST MIAMI-DADE, FLA. (WSVN) - A duo was captured on camera working to steal the company truck from a South Florida business.
Surveillance video captured one of the crooks as he used bolt cutters and an electric saw to break through the gate at a roofing company in Northwest Miami-Dade, along Northwest 98th Street and Seventh Avenue, Friday.
His accomplice then managed to get into the business.
That's when they hot-wired one of the company's trucks and took off.
“We're at the peak of the season, and it's obviously one of the vehicles we depend on to carry on for the work, so it hurt us,” said employee Carlos Piti. “OK, it sets us back, and of course, it costs us money to replace.”
If you see this truck, or have any information on this burglary, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Shooter who killed baby given 25 years to life The Brooklyn brute who shot and killed a 16-month-old baby while aiming at the tot's dad was slapped with 25 years to life sentence Friday. Cherisse Miller, the mother...
Dad of baby killed in stroller dodges court appearance -- again He abandoned his own son, leaving the baby in a crossfire of bullets meant for himself. Yet, when given a chance to see justice done, street thug Anthony Hennis ran...
Mom of slain toddler: 'I watched him breathe his last breath' The mother of a Brooklyn toddler gunned down in gangland crossfire as he sat in his stroller delivered tearful testimony Wednesday at the Brooklyn trial of her little boy's killers....
Stroller-slay dad caught in new legal trouble The gangbanger who refused to cooperate with police investigating the death of his toddler son — killed by a bullet meant for him — is still living a life of...
Dad of baby shot dead in stroller busted for robbery The father of the 2-year-old boy shot dead in a stroller last month was busted Thursday for robbing a teen on a Brooklyn subway station, cops said. Anthony Hennis, 22,...
Dead 2-year-old's father and uncle wanted for robbery It's a family affair. The uncle of the two-year-old boy shot dead in his stroller in Brooklyn last month is wanted for a robbery in which the tragic tot's father...
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...' Pause
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
By Alex Horton | The Washington Post
The gunman is in a second-story window of a school, AK-47 in tow, prepared to make a final bloody stand.
SWAT officers rush into an entrance below. Two are struck by gunfire and are instantly killed. As they prepare to breach a door, the gunman turns his rifle toward fleeing civilians and shoots one in the back.
A digital counter keeps a helpful tally: CIV KILLED: 1. COPS KILLED: 2.
If your PC meets the minimum requirements, and you have a few dollars, you could have been a school shooter — in pixelated form.
Game company Valve was set to release “Active Shooter” on its online platform Steam on June 6 and charge $5 to $10. The game, touted as a police-response simulator, allowed players to move through a school as either a SWAT officer or a gunman terrorizing civilians and police.
But the “Active Shooter” video game has been pulled days before it was to be released on the video-game marketplace Steam.
Valve, Steam's parent company, said Tuesday that it was removing the computer video game because the developer was a “troll with a history of customer abuse.”
The game was developed by Revived Games, published by Acid and led by a person named Ata Berdiyev. Valve spokesman Doug Lombardi says Berdiyev had previously been kicked off the platform under a different business name.
Concerns about the link between violent video games and real acts of violence have percolated for decades. But scrutiny has been renewed in the wake of school shootings in Florida and Texas, drawing responses from President Trump and Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick. They have said simulated violence inspires killers.
“Active Shooter,” then, is the game of the moment, at the nexus of a heated public debate about why and how gunmen storm public places to indiscriminately kill, although recent research has found that school shooters actually tend to lack interest in violent games.
The unreleased game had touched off strong reactions from parents of students killed in the Parkland, Florida, shooting on Feb. 14.
“It's disgusting that Valve Corp. is trying to profit from the glamorization of tragedies affecting our schools across the country,” Ryan Petty, father of slain 14-year-old Alaina, wrote on Facebook. “Keeping our kids safe is a real issue affecting our communities and is in no way a ‘game.'”
Fred Guttenberg, whose 14-year-old daughter, Jaime, was among the 17 people killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, blasted the game Sunday.
“I have seen and heard many horrific things over the past few months since my daughter was the victim of a school shooting and is now dead in real life. This game may be one of the worst,” he wrote on Twitter. In follow-up messages, he asked his followers to call Valve chief executive Gabe Newell to demand that the game be removed from his platform.
The Parkland killings and the May 18 slayings of 10 people at Santa Fe High School outside Houston have reignited calls for restricted access to violent games for minors as Trump, Patrick and others decry their social role among teenagers.
Trump said in the wake of the Parkland shooting that violent games are “shaping young people's thoughts.” And after Santa Fe, Patrick cited everything from too many doors in schools to abortions and violent video games as factors that contribute to mass killings.
“We have incredible, heinous violence as a game, two hours a day in front of their eyes. And we stand here and we wonder why this happens to certain students,” he said.
But recent research has overturned the popular consensus that mass killers are fueled, inspired or otherwise desensitized to violence by playing violent games. And even more surprising to some, data points to school shooters as being less interested in violent video games than most of their adolescent male peers.
An analysis of 10 school shooters between 2005 and 2012, including gunmen at Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook, showed that only two played violent video games with any regularity.
That is much lower than the 70 percent of male high school students who show interest in those types of games, said Patrick Markey, a Villanova University psychology professor and co-author of “Moral Combat: Why the War on Violent Video Games Is Wrong.”
While there is no clear reason that there is a disparity between the groups, researchers say video games are so culturally ingrained that avoiding the often-communal ritual of playing games with friends can point to the antisocial behavior sometimes associated with killers.
“Kids who are psychologically healthy tend to do things their peers do,” Markey told The Washington Post on Tuesday. “It's a sign of health and normal for kids to play violent video games whether parents like it or not.”
For instance, Virginia Tech killer Seung-Hui Cho had no history of playing video games, violent or otherwise. In remarks to authorities, a roommate of his said it was strange that Cho did not play games with his peers, Markey said.
Research and interest on links between violent games and real-world violence spiked after it was revealed that the Columbine gunmen played “Doom,” the first blockbuster first-person shooter game, released six years before their 1999 attack.
But Markey said research initially focused on the effects on behavior immediately after playing games, showing some links between spikes in aggression.
Although research has shown that players can be more aggressive immediately after playing a violent game, it does not have long-term effects, much like watching sad movies does not cause clinical depression, he said.
Markey turned to crime data and built on a 2004 study from the U.S. Secret Service that found similar numbers of school shooters showing disinterest in violent games.
Desensitization to violence does not appear to be permanent, either, he found. When players of violent games were shown execution videos and clips of surgeries, the gamers were “just as horrified” as non-gamers, he said.
But Markey said his research does not mean that he condones games such as “Active Shooter,” which he condemned as “extremely objectionable” and clearly created to stir controversy.
The game also inflames another point of recent social discussion: violence against women.
In the promotional trailer, both police and the gunman encounter civilians. All 16 shown on screen are scantily clad women. Some of them are dead on the floor. No male civilians are shown.
At the trailer's closing, the gunman pulls a pin on a grenade and tosses it at a group of three women appearing to run away. He kills one with a shotgun, with the counter ticking to 10 civilians killed. The grenade's explosion makes it 11.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
(CNN) -- The nominations for the 75th Golden Globe Awards were announced Monday.
Here's a look at who's in the running:
Movies
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture -- Musical or Comedy:
Steve Carell, "Battle of the Sexes"
Ansel Elgort, "Baby Driver"
James Franco, "The Disaster Artist"
Hugh Jackman, "The Greatest Showman"
Daniel Kaluuya, "Get Out"
Best Supporting Actress in a Motion Picture
Mary J. Blige, "Mudbound"
Hong Chau, "Downsizing"
Allison Janney, "I, Tonya"
Laurie Metcalf, "Lady Bird"
Octavia Spencer, "The Shape of Water"
Best Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture
Willem Dafoe, "The Florida Project"
Armie Hammer, "Call Me by Your Name"
Richard Jenkins, "The Shape of Water"
Christopher Plummer, "All the Money in the World"
Sam Rockwell, "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
Best Original Score -- Motion Picture:
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
"The Shape of Water"
"Phantom Thread"
"The Post"
"Dunkirk"
Best Screenplay -- Motion Picture:
"The Shape of Water"
"Lady Bird"
"The Post"
"Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"
"Molly's Game"
Best Motion Picture -- Foreign Language
"A Fantastic Woman"
"First They Killed My Father"
"In the Fade"
"Loveless"
"The Square"
Best Animated Film:
"The Boss Baby"
"The Breadwinner"
"Ferdinand"
"Coco"
"Loving Vincent"
TV
Best TV series - Drama
"The Crown"
"Game of Thrones"
"The Handmaid's Tale"
"Stranger Things"
"This Is Us"
Best performance by Actress in a TV series - Drama
Caitriona Balfe, "Outlander"
Claire Foy, "The Crown"
Maggie Gyllenhaal, "The Deuce"
Katherine Langford, "13 Reasons Why"
Elisabeth Moss, "The Handmaid's Tale"
Best TV series - Musical or Comedy
"Black-ish"
"Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"
"Master of None"
"SMILF"
"Will & Grace"
Best performance by an Actor in a TV series -- Musical or Comedy
Anthony Anderson, "Black-ish"
Aziz Ansari "Master of None"
Kevin Bacon, "I Love Dick"
William H. Macy, "Shameless"
Eric McCormack, "Will and Grace"
Best performance by an Actress in a TV series - Musical or Comedy
Pamela Adlon, "Better Things"
Alison Brie, "Glow"
Issa Rae, "Insecure"
Rachel Brosnahan, "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel"
Frankie Shaw, "SMILF"
Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
"Big Little Lies"
"Fargo"
"Feud: Bette and Joan"
"The Sinner"
"Top of the Lake: China Girl"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Robert De Niro, "The Wizard of Lies"
Jude Law, "The Young Pope"
Kyle MacLachlan, "Twin Peaks"
Ewan McGregor, "Fargo"
Geoffrey Rush, "Genius"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Jessica Biel, "The Sinner"
Nicole Kidman, "Big Little Lies"
Jessica Lange, "Feud: Bette and Joan"
Susan Sarandon, "Feud: Bette and Joan"
Reese Witherspoon, "Big Little Lies"
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Alfred Molina, "Feud"
Alexander Skarsgard, "Big Little Lies"
David Thewlis, "Fargo"
David Harbour, "Stranger Things"
Christian Slater, "Mr. Robot"
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
Laura Dern, "Big Little Lies"
Ann Dowd, "The Handmaid's Tale"
Chrissy Metz, "This is Us"
Michelle Pfeiffer, "The Wizard of Lies"
Shailene Woodley, "Big Little Lies"
TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally.
The prime minister went to China this week on a mission to make the case for "Global Britain". At home the colleagues Theresa May left behind argued about Brexit, appeared to undermine the civil service and trashed their own economic forecasts. With the FT's Geoff Dyer, Laura Hughes, James Kynge and Jim Pickard. Presented by Jonathan Derbyshire. Produced by Janina Conboye.
Stitcher audioBoom RSS
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has denied allegations that she conspired with a longtime friend to extort money and favours from companies, accusing her opponents of framing her.
In a meeting with a selected group of reporters on Sunday, Park denied that she gave her jailed friend, Choi Soon-sil, extraordinary sway over government decisions, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported.
It was the first time Park spoke to the media since South Korea's opposition-controlled parliament voted on December 9 to impeach her over the scandal, which has seen millions of people protest in recent weeks.
"The matter is under investigation, so I can't make detailed explanations that might put both sides in trouble, but what I can assure you is that I have never conspired with anyone or did anything to give favours to someone, not even by a bit," she said.
The Constitutional Court has up to six months to decide whether Park should be permanently removed from office or be reinstated.
She has denied wrongdoing previously but apologised for carelessness in her ties with Choi, a friend for four decades, who has also denied wrongdoing.
Park was quoted on Sunday as saying that the decision by the country's national pension fund to back a merger between two Samsung Group affiliates was "a just policy decision" made for national interest, and that the deal was supported by many brokerage firms at the time.
The merger in 2015 of Samsung Group affiliates Cheil Industries Inc and Samsung C&T Corp has become central to the investigation of the scandal that led parliament to vote last month to impeach Park.
Park, 64, is also accused of colluding with Choi to pressure big businesses including Samsung to make contributions to non-profit foundations backing presidential initiatives.
0:16 Chandler Hutchison's game-winning 3-pointer Pause
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud
3:56 What's JUMP all about in Downtown Boise?
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
New York state's construction of wider snowmobile trails in the Adirondack Mountains has been upheld by a state Supreme Court judge.
The environmental group "Protect the Adirondacks" sued the state in 2015. It says cutting thousands of trees for the Community Connector trails violates the Forever Wild clause of the state's Constitution.
The Department of Environmental Conservation contends the number of trees being cut is far less than what the group claims. Among issues raised in court was the definition of a tree.
Acting Supreme Court Justice Gerald Connolly in Albany ruled in the state's favor in a decision dated Dec. 1.
The Adirondacks region is popular for outdoor activities including snowmobile riding, ice fishing, and dog sledding. A network of trails linking Newcomb, Minerva and North Hudson is slated for completion in 2020.
41-year-old Rita Dominic looking beautiful in selfies snapped on new year's day where she went for a swim at the beach with some family members and friends.
The Nollywood actress still had on her flawless beauty despite the absence of makeup on her face.
See more below…
http://www.tunezmediablog.com/2017/01/cute-photos-of-makeup-free-rita-dominic.html
She Is None Other Than Sara Ali Khan!
Yes, that's absolutely true! Even before her debut film 'Kedarnath' hits the marque, Sara Ali Khan has bagged her second film. This time, we would get to see her romance Ranveer Singh on the big screen in Rohit Shetty's Simmba.
A Fresh Pairing
Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar have signed Sara Ali Khan for the film, which will be directed by Rohit. Sara will be seen opposite Ranveer, who plays the role of a notorious cop, Sangram Bhalerao. The film, which brings together the fresh pairing of Ranveer and Sara, also marks the debut collaboration between Rohit Shetty and Karan Johar.
Check Out The Official Announcement
Dharma Productions tweeted, "A stunning fresh face + the unlimited energy of a superstar + the craft of the 2 biggest filmmakers = BLOCKBUSTER already! #Simmba @karanjohar @apoorvamehta18 @RanveerOfficial #SaraAliKhan
Ranveer On Working With Rohit Shetty In Simmba
Earlier while speaking to Pinkvilla, Ranveer had said, "I am so lucky to be working with Rohit Shetty, he is the king of masala films. People are looking forward to us working together and I am happy to see that kind of excitement level. These are the types of films I have grown up watching. Masala films are in my blood and I'm very excited to be working in Simmba. Better who than Rohit Shetty, the king of that genre, so I m definitely looking forward."
'It's An Incredible Feeling'
He further added, "If I have to give myself credit, I have made my own luck and opportunities could come my way. Now that it has, I am over the moon and I can't tell you how lucky I feel in and as Simmba in a Rohit Shetty film. It's an incredible feeling."
Simmba Is Not An Exact Remake Of Temper
Filmmaker Rohit Shetty had earlier clarified, "We have bought the rights of Temper but our film is not exactly a remake. We wanted to take four-five scenes from Temper but we thought it's better to buy the rights. It's what we did with Singham. Our film was different from the original Singham except a few scenes. Here also, we have written our own film taking the exact idea."
NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard) – Bicol Standard, the region's most read and fastest-growing news source, is celebrating its 25th anniversar...
Keaten Jones askedhis mom to pick him up early from school because he was too scared to go in the school lunchroom. He said he'd been being bullied for week. His mother posted the conversation she had with the boy on social media, and within hours 21 million people had viewed the video. Many top celebrities showed support, using the hashtag #StandWithKeaton. From movie premier invitations to boxing lessons with a professional MMA fighter, the messages of support are flooding in.
“Star Wars” star Mark Hamill encouraged Keaton saying the bullies are “just jealous because you're so smart and handsome.”
CINCINNATI -- People are sharing a disturbing video of apparent child pornography on Facebook, saying they want the perpetrator to be found.
Police say that's exactly the wrong thing to do.
Several people sent the video to Scripps station WCPO in Cincinnati, which appears to depict an underage girl performing oral sex on an adult man. Many of the messages included the phrase "I want this to go viral." There's no indication where or when it was recorded, or who's in it.
Law enforcement agencies from Alabama to France have gotten complaints as the video continues to spread, AL.com reported. According to the Buffalo (New York) Police Department, "Facebook is aware of this and is working with authorities."
Police in Memphis, Tennessee, even warned that sharing the video "is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
"We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it," the department said.
Aside from being graphic and possibly illegal -- the female's age isn't clear, though she seems to be a child -- police worry the video could carry some kind of malicious code meant to infiltrate a viewer's computer.
"Don't open it, don't share it, don't forward it," Cincinnati Police Lt. Steve Saunders said.
Instead, notify Facebook and then delete the video from your account.
Tony Garrett, executive director of Central Alabama Crime Stoppers, told AL.com "some things point to" the video being made in Alabama. But there's no confirmation of that.
FORT WORTH, Texas — This was an interesting time for the Mets to have a two-day Texas two-step, because if they had clicked on the radio or picked up the local newspapers, they might've sworn they were reading about themselves, only with a twang.
The usual subjects: losing, pitching, bullpen, lack of timely hitting, losing, sitting an acre in back of first place, managing, pitching-coaching, losing, underachievement, substandard defense and a general displeasure with losing.
Yes, the Mets saw themselves staring back through the mirror when they played the Rangers, who are essentially having the same exact season.
That's about to change, if you haven't heard. The Mets, who have achieved their 25-32 record despite an early schedule that Jim Boeheim would be proud to call his own, are about to undertake on a harrowing stretch of games beginning this Monday:
Three with the inconsistent (but still defending-champion) Cubs.
Four with the Nationals who, with a powerful pair of field binoculars, the Mets can spot way out in the NL East distance.
Four at the Dodgers, who are a team the Mets will probably be chasing if they ever clear .500 and officially begin pursuit of a wild card.
Three at the Giants, who are terrible, and are probably thinking, “When do we get our crack at the Mets, who are terrible?”
Three against the Marlins in Miami, where the Mets traditionally play their most profoundly awful baseball of any season.
Three against the Phillies at home. No snark, but good luck to you if you don't sweep.
And then this: three at the Nats. Three at St. Louis. Three against the Rockies, who are mashing everybody. Four more against the Cards.
That brings us to July 21. If you're keeping score at home, that's 24 games against the NL's elite, six games against scuffling teams taking place in traditional house-of-horror locales for the Mets and three against the Phillies.
In other words:
It might be a good time to take advantage of these four games against the Braves this weekend, a Braves team that will be without Met killer Freddie Freeman, a Braves team that, oh by the way, entered their game with the Phillies on Thursday night with the same 25-32 record as the Mets have.
Things are about to get real for the Mets.
Really real.
“We need to start playing good baseball, and when we do that, we'll start winning games in bunches,” Mets manager Terry Collins said after Wednesday's 4-3 win over the Rangers. “You do that, soon you look up and you've won seven out of nine and you're finally on your way.”
If nothing else, the Mets will know by the end of this spate of games where, exactly, they sit — all of it conveniently concluding only 10 days before the trading deadline.
Now, the last two years, the Mets have shown a genuine proficiency for playing their very best when they absolutely needed to. In 2015, they left home left for dead for the July 4 holiday and promptly took two out of three from the rampaging Dodgers, all but sending a desperate message to their GM to acquire reinforcements. Last year, at 60-62 and facing five games against the Cardinals and Giants — the teams they would outlast for the wild card — they won four out of five and were on their way.
This year's statement opportunity comes earlier in the calendar, but the Mets' record mandates the stakes are just as high. They'll still be without Noah Syndergaard and Jeurys Familia for the entirety of this stretch, but they will get Steven Matz and Seth Lugo back this weekend, and should get Yoenis Cespedes back early (presumably) in the coming surge of games.
The declaration is at hand: In or out? Buyers or sellers? Playoff pursuant or playoff pretenders? They've hinted at what they are for 57 games, and the early returns aren't good. Over the next 37, starting Friday? They'll be 94 games in, and we'll know for sure. Let's say 49-45 is a reasonable place to be by then if you want to keep dreaming of October.
That means 24-13 for these 37. Against those teams.
Yes. If that's going to happen, the Mets better roll up their sleeves and get to work soon. As in immediately. As in Atlanta.
By Jon Wiederhorn
Blondie have released a video for “Fun,” the first single from their upcoming album Pollinator. Directed by Beyoncé collaborator Dikyal Rimmasch, the clip lives up to the song's title, featuring the band in a spaceship, wandering another planet and animated footage of galactic travel contrasted with performance shots and images of people partying on the dance floor.
Related: Blondie and Garbage Announce Co-Headlining Summer Tour
Guitarist Chris Stein said the interstellar theme was an effort to escape the stress and turmoil of modern day events. “Quoting Emma Goldman, ‘If I can't dance I don't want to be part of your revolution.' In these trying times we need some fun. We're very serious about fun,” he told NME.
“The video was shot in two places,” he added. “The color stuff was all shot in LA without us and the black and white stuff was shot in New York. It's got some good cameos—it's got a pretty big cameo from Raja, who's one of the Drag Race superstars, and little cameos from Grace McKagan, Duff McKagan's daughter who has a band called The Pink Slips, and also Tony Maserati, who was a producer and mixer for us.”
Stein and vocalist Debbie Harry wrote the upbeat, disco-inflected “Fun” with TV On The Radio member Dave Sitek. Pollinator, which is scheduled for release May 5, also features writing by Johnny Marr, Sia, Charli XCX, The Strokes guitarist Nick Valensi and Dev Hynes. It will be Blondie's first record since 2014's Ghost of Download.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— The email arrived in mid-June, seeking to explode any notion that global warming might turn our Arctic expedition into a summer cruise.
"The most important piece of clothing to pack is good, sturdy and warm boots. There is going to be snow and ice on the deck of the icebreaker," it read. "Quality boots are key."
The Associated Press was joining international researchers on a month-long, 10,000 kilometer (6,200-mile) journey to document the impact of climate change on the forbidding ice and frigid waters of the Far North. But once the ship entered the fabled Northwest Passage between the Atlantic and the Pacific, there would be nowhere to stop for supplies, no port to shelter in and no help for hundreds of miles if things went wrong. A change in the weather might cause the mercury to drop suddenly or push the polar pack into the Canadian Archipelago, creating a sea of rock-hard ice.
So as we packed our bags, in went the heavy jackets, insulated trousers, hats, mittens, woolen sweaters and the heavy, fur-lined boots.
Global warming or not, it was best to come prepared.
___
Learn more about the Arctic and read dispatches sent by a team of AP journalists as they traveled through the region's fabled Northwest Passage last month: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic
___
If parts of the planet are becoming like a furnace because of global warming, then the Arctic is best described as the world's air-conditioning unit. The frozen north plays a crucial role in cooling the rest of the planet while reflecting some of the sun's heat back into space.
Yet for several decades, satellite pictures have shown a dramatic decline in Arctic sea ice that is already affecting the lives of humans and animals in the region, from Inuit communities to polar bears. Experts predict that the impact of melting sea ice will be felt across the northern hemisphere, altering ocean currents and causing freak weather as far south as Florida or France.
"Things are changing in the Arctic, and that is changing things everywhere else," said David 'Duke' Snider, the seasoned mariner responsible for navigating the Finnish icebreaker MSV Nordica through the Northwest Passage last month.
Researchers on the trip sought a first-hand view of the effects of global warming already seen from space. Even the dates of the journey were a clue: The ship departed Vancouver in early July and arrived in Nuuk, Greenland on July 29th, the earliest transit ever of a region that isn't usually navigable until later in the year.
As it made its way through the North Pacific — passing Chinese cargo ships, Alaskan fishing boats and the occasional far-off whale — members of the expedition soaked up the sun in anticipation of freezing weeks to come.
Twelve days after the ship had left Vancouver, the ice appeared out of nowhere.
At first, lone floes bobbed on the waves like mangled lumps of Styrofoam. By the time Nordica reached Point Barrow, on Alaska's northernmost tip, the sea was swarming with ice.
Snider recalled that when he started guiding ships through Arctic waters more than 30 years ago, the ice pack in mid-July would have stretched 50 miles farther southwest. Back then, a ship also would have encountered much thicker, blueish ice that had survived several summer melts, becoming hard as concrete in the process, he said.
He likened this year's ice to a sea of porridge with a few hard chunks — no match for the nimble 13,000-ton Nordica.
Since the first orbital images were taken in 1979, Arctic sea ice coverage during the summer has dropped by an average of about 34,000 square miles each year — almost the surface area of Maine or the country of Serbia. More recent data show that not only is its surface area shrinking, but the ice that's left is getting thinner too. Snider said he has seen the ice cover reduced in both concentration and thickness.
The melting ice is one reason why modern ships have an easier time going through the Northwest Passage, 111 years after Norwegian adventurer Roald Amundsen achieved the first transit. Early explorers found themselves blinded by harsh sunlight reflecting off a desert of white, confused by mirages that give the illusion of giant ice cliffs all around, and thrown off course by the proximity of the North Pole distorting their compass readings.
Modern mariners can get daily satellite snapshots of the ice and precise GPS locations that help them dodge dangerous shallows. But technology can be fickle. After two weeks at sea the ship's fragile Internet connection went down for six days: no emails, no Google, no new satellite pictures to preview the route ahead.
The outdoor thermometer indicated a temperature of 47 degrees Fahrenheit (8.3 Celsius), but in the never-setting sun of an Arctic summer it felt more like 60 F. Days blurred into nights. Distant smoke from Cape Bathurst signaled slow-burning shale fires, while giant white golf balls indicated the remains of Cold War radar stations.
At one point a row of shacks appeared on a hill. As the ship passed by Cambridge Bay — home to Canada's High Arctic Research Station— a brief cellphone signal flickered to life, allowing one homesick sailor to make a tearful call to his family.
The Finnish crew, meanwhile, took solace in the creature comforts of home, such as the on-board sauna and reindeer roast on Saturdays.
Even in their bunks, those on board heard the constant churning of ice as the ship plowed through the debris rolling beneath the hull, thundering like hail on a tin roof.
___
As the icebreaker entered Victoria Strait, deep inside the Northwest Passage, we looked for a shadow moving in the distance or a flash of pale yellow in the expanse of white that would signal the presence of the world's largest land predator.
At last, a cry went out: "Nanuq, nanuq!"
Maatiusi Manning, an Inuit sailor, had spotted what everyone on board was hoping to see — the first polar bear.
The 1,000-pound predators are at the top of a food chain that's being pummeled by global warming because of the immediate impact vanishing sea ice has on a range of animals and plants that depend on it.
"If we continue losing ice, we're going to lose species with it," said Paula von Weller, a field biologist who was on the trip.
No Arctic creatures have become more associated with climate change than polar bears. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service estimated in January that about 26,000 specimens remain in the wild. Population counts of polar bears are notoriously difficult, and researchers are unsure how much their numbers have changed in recent years. But the Fish and Wildlife Service warned that melting sea ice is robbing the bear of its natural hunting ground for seals and other prey.
While some polar bears are expected to follow the retreating ice northward, others will head south, where they will come into greater contact with humans — encounters that are unlikely to end well for the bears.
Still, being the poster child of Arctic wildlife may help the polar bear. Sightings are a highlight for adventure tourists who are flocking to Arctic cruises in increasing numbers.
Last year, the hottest on record in the Arctic, the Crystal Serenity took 1,100 high-paying guests on a cruise of the Northwest Passage, prompting environmentalists to warn of an Arctic tourism rush that could disrupt wildlife habitat. Crystal Cruises says it works closely with local guides, marine biologists and conservationists to ensure wildlife isn't harmed.
Von Weller said there are benefits to people seeing the region and its animals themselves.
"People are so far removed from the Arctic that they don't understand it, they don't know it and they don't love it," she said. "I think it's important for people to see what's here and to fall in love with it and have a bond and want to protect it."
That love may need to extend further down the food chain if the fragile ecosystem in the Arctic continues to fall apart. Some of the animals highly associated with the ice are not going to be able to adapt in a reasonable amount of time to keep up with climate change, Weller said.
"The walrus, for example, may spend more time on the mainland. They're very prone to disturbance so that's not a good place for walrus to be," said von Weller.
Research published four years ago rang alarms bells about the future of the red king crab — a big earner for Alaska's fishing industry — because rising levels of carbon dioxide, a driver of global warming, are making oceans more acidic. Scientists found that juvenile crabs exposed to levels of acidification predicted for the future grew more slowly and were more likely to die.
Algae that cling to the underside of sea ice are also losing their habitat. If they vanish, the impact will be felt all the way up the food chain. Copepods, a type of zooplankton that eats algae, will lose their source of food. The tiny crustaceans in turn are prey for fish, whales and birds.
Meanwhile, new rivals from the south are already arriving in the Arctic as waters warm. Orca have been observed traveling further north in search of food in recent years, and some wildlife experts predict they will become the main seal predator in the coming decades, replacing polar bears.
Humans are also increasingly venturing into the Arctic in search of untapped deposits of minerals and fossil fuels — posing a threat to animals. The potential for oil spills from platforms and tankers operating in remote locations has been a major cause for concern among environmentalists since the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster off Alaska killed a quarter of a million seabirds, as well as hundreds of seals and sea otters. Simply getting the necessary emergency response ships to an Arctic spill would be a challenge, while cleaning oil off sea ice would likely take months.
Last month, Canada's supreme court ruled in favor of the Clyde River community of Baffin Island, which is fighting the proposed seismic blasts used by oil companies to map the sea floor. The Inuit fear that the loud underwater noise caused by the blasts could disorient marine mammals such as whales that depend on sound to communicate, and affect the reproductive cycles of fish and shrimp stocks.
The Inuit and other local peoples are already feeling the impact of global warming because they rely on frozen waterways to reach hunting grounds or relatives on other islands. But some say it will not be all bad: Cruise ships offer potential revenue to those Inuit communities willing to engage with tourists.
The absence of sea ice for longer periods each summer, meanwhile, will allow boats to supply villages and mines for longer periods of the year. Where it used to be a hard and fast rule that ships had to be out of the Northwest Passage by Sept. 28, the operating season now stretches beyond October.
Tiina Jaaskelainen, a researcher at the Hanken School of Economics in Finland who was on board the icebreaker, said responding to these changes will require a better understanding of the social impact rather than just the science of climate change.
"Inuit communities need to be involved in planning each use of the passage and the Arctic in general," she said. "It's important they can play an active role in the region's economic development, while good governance may enable local communities to also maintain their traditions."
___
Upon entering the Atlantic, the FM radios aboard Nordica began picking up local stations again, including one that played David Bowie's 'Ziggy Stardust.' Nordica reached Nuuk, the capital of Greenland, after 24 days.
"The fact that we were able to plan and execute this transit so efficiently says something about the changes in the ice," said Scott Joblin, an expert on maritime and polar law from Australian National University in Canberra who studies the legal implications of climate change in the Arctic.
Scientists believe there is no way to reverse the decline in Arctic sea ice in the foreseeable future. Even in the best-case scenario envisaged by the 2015 Paris climate accord, sea ice will largely vanish from the Arctic during the summer within the coming decades.
In the end, the route that foiled countless explorers claimed little more than a camera and a drone.
But we did get a taste of the warming Arctic: Those heavy fur-lined boots never got used.
___
Follow Frank Jordans on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/wirereporter
Learn more about the Arctic here: https://www.apnews.com/tag/NewArctic
Petroleum Resources Development Minister Arjuna Ranatunga said that the Ceylon Petroleum Corporation (CPC) will not increase fuel prices despite continuous requests by the Lanka Indian Oil Company (LIOC) for both parties to increase the price of petrol and diesel prices evenly.
“LIOC held discussions with me and the Finance Ministry officials requesting permission for an increase in fuel prices. But, I told them not to take such a decision at this juncture. But, if the LIOC increases its prices, we must be ready to cater to the people's needs without any interruption,” Minister Ranatunga said.
“The government will not increase fuel prices as it would be a burden to the people eventhough there is a necessity for a fuel price revision,” he said
“If fuel prices are increased, it would hav an adverse effect on all sectors of the country. Finally, it is the poor public which suffers. That is why the CPC will not increase its prices,” he added.
(Source: Daily News)
Noble Could Avoid Its First Default. It Won't. Here's Why.
Noble Group is on a collision course with its first note default Tuesday. The shrunken commodities trader has warned it would not pay its $379 million bond in the hopes of preserving its assets for a complicated, controversial $3.5 billion debt restructure that would massively dilute the stake of current shareholders. Bloomberg's Ramy Inocencio explains on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
Syrian government blames power cuts on militants
hello
BEIRUT -- Syria's state news agency says al-Qaida militants have knocked out electricity towers near the capital, causing power cuts in a southern province.
SANA said Monday that fighters from the Fatah al-Sham Front bombed three towers southwest of Damascus, causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region.
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations. Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks.
The Fatah al-Sham Front and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce.
Image caption Almost 600 affected residents have been told and the council has set up 24-hour fire warden patrols
Six high-rise blocks of flats in Cardiff have failed fire safety tests.
The council-run blocks passed initial tests ordered in the wake of June's Grenfell fire in which 71 people died.
But new tests showed the cladding fell short of present-day safety standards.
Almost 600 affected residents were informed on Monday. The council has set up 24-hour fire warden patrols inside the buildings.
The six blocks are:
Channel View, Grangetown
Loudoun and Nelson Houses, Butetown
Three blocks at Lydstep Flats, Llandaff North
All are between 11 and 16 storeys with between 75 and 214 residents in each.
Image caption Information sessions will be held at each of the blocks on Tuesday
Cardiff council was hand-delivering letters to all the occupants on Monday.
Residents were told the council was examining how to remove the cladding "quickly and effectively".
Fire doors are being upgraded and sprinklers fitted in all the blocks. Work is due to be completed in May on doors designed to hold back fire for 60 minutes.
Cabinet Member for Housing, Cllr Lynda Thorne, said: "Naturally, everyone living in these blocks will be very concerned by this news but I want to reassure them that we are working closely with South Wales Fire and Rescue Service to ensure we follow the latest fire-safety guidance and to decide the best way forward."
Last year, consultants found no aluminium composite materials (ACM) in any of the blocks - the type of cladding blamed for the spread of the fire at Grenfell.
But the consultants recommended further tests.
These have shown the cladding systems fail current combustibility standards.
Loudoun House
It's an American (gambling) tradition.
The world's best eaters are in New York City this weekend, gathered for the most high-profile event of the competitive eating calendar. But despite the long line of contestents seeking glory, there is but one man who stands above the rest. And when it comes to odds for the event, it's him above everyone else.
For over a decade, Joey Chestnut has been the best American eater in the field. He won eight straight titles from 2007-2014 before losing to Matt Stonie's 62 hot dogs in 2015. Instead of a new rivalry in the contest, Chestnut bounced back the next year by eating 70 hot dogs in 2016, then breaking his own record by eating 72 in 2017. And this year, bookies have him once again the favorite to win an 11th Mustard Belt.
Nathan's Hot Dog Contest: Odds & Total
When it comes to the winner, oddsmakers are siding with Chestnut and nobody else. Joey Chestnut is -550 to win according to OddsShark.com, valued against the field at +325.
That's right. Just Chestnut, as a huge favorite, over the entire field. Why the confidence in Chestnut? Because despite the achievements of his adversaries, Chestnut is the only human to post 70 hot dogs or better in a competition. And Stonie, who many thought would become a perennial contender, has fallen off the radar after finishing only 48 dogs in 2017.
If -550 is a little too risky, you could bet the total number of hot dogs eaten by this year's champion. The total is set at 72.5, with the under (-220) favored against the over (+150). The record is 72.5, but Chestnut has previously posted a 73 in qualifying. That's not to say it will happen, because nobody else has ever sniffed that number at this event, but it's definitely on the table for Chestnut.
In the women's competition, Miki Sudo is looking to win her fifth straight title. Sonya Thomas was the original alpha of the women's contest, holding the current record at 45 dogs. But after winning the title the first three years of it's existence, Thomas was replaced atop the podium by Sudo. She's now separated herself from the rest of the women, winning by nine hot dogs and posting a 41 to take the 2017 title.
For Wednesday, Sudo is once again the odds favorite. Oddsmakers respect her as much as Chestnut by setting her odds at -550 to win, with a slight bump on the field at +400. The winner's total for the women's contest is set at 41.5, meaning that Sudo would need her best performance ever at the event for the over to cash. This is a solid bet for the contest, as both sides are priced at an even -120.
Despite the gambling interest in the hot dog contest, it's not legal to place wagers on it in Las Vegas or any state that recently legalized sports betting. However, that doesn't mean it isn't a decent-sized gambling event. In a piece for ESPN.com, BetOnline told ESPN that the amount wagered on the hot dog eating contest is comprable to the money wagered on the national anthem at the Super Bowl.
Competitive, gluttonous, and slightly illegal. Doesn't get more American than that. I like Chestnut and Sudo to both repeat, but their odds make them too pricey to wager. Chestnut has posted 70 and above at back-to-back contests, and only one other eater in Wednesday's contest (Carmen Cincotti) has ever posted 60.
Prediction: Chestnut wins, under 72.5 dogs
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam Pause
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
Turkish antagonism to America, Israel, and the EU, and the Islamization of this once proudly secular nation must be seen in historical context. Relations between the US and Turkey today are, as they have been over the last 70 years, primarily based on shared national security interests, which often shift and have been unpredictable.
Modern American Turkish relations began at the dawn of the Cold War with the Truman Doctrine in 1947 guaranteeing the security of Turkey and Greece. Turkey remained a linchpin of American military strategy in the Middle East through the Cold War, a bulwark against Soviet expansionism. But times have changed in the 21st century with the ascendancy of the neo-Ottoman authoritarian strongman President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Editor and Chief and President Stella Bugbee (left) and CEO Pam Wasserstein (Courtesy of The Cut)
On a weekend evening in January, a relatively obscure women's website called Babe.net published a story that elicited a media frenzy. Babe, known best for clickbait headlines (“Do you want to read my weirdest, grossest sex stories ever?” “Kylie's just posted her post-pregnancy body and I'm drinking myself into a coma tonight”), posted a rambling as-told-to account of an anonymous woman's date with a famous actor gone awry.
The media reaction to the post is familiar enough by now: the coverage of the coverage, the backlash, the backlash to the backlash. The tweets. Every woman's website and national purveyor of cultural commentary had something to say. As take after take pinged around on Twitter and Slack channels on MacBooks everywhere, battle lines were drawn. Some outlets felt free to publish pieces wary of the #MeToo movement, some doubled down on siding with accusers unequivocally, while others wrote pieces criticizing the editing of the young woman's account. And then there were the deliberately trolling headlines, even when the article itself showed traces of insight (“Aziz Ansari is Guilty. Of Not Being a Mind Reader,” comes to mind, the column that cemented Bari Weiss as both a household name and object of scorn in many media circles).
ICYMI: Twitter users were shocked by a word Trump used in a Saturday tweet
But New York magazine's women's vertical, The Cut, is one place that didn't come out swinging—at least not right away. “What Is Babe.net?”—a Web-friendly overview of the controversy, dropped the first weekday morning after The Aziz Ansari piece came out. That evening, The Cut's staff writer, Anna Silman, identified the Ansari moment as a turning point, and called for a parallel dialogue about pervasive sexist norms at large. “It might be more productive to see this as the emergence, however imperfect, of a separate (if related) conversation,” Silman wrote, “one that requires a more nuanced response than the clear-cut cases of assault and harassment that launched our current feminist reckoning.”
It also sums up the approach The Cut has taken since the moment a man accused of sexual assault became a viable presidential candidate. Nuance, empathy, and a reverence for women's inner lives are ideologies all their own at The Cut.
“Empathy is my political stance in general,” says The Cut's Editor-in-Chief and President Stella Bugbee. “I don't think it's necessary for us to specifically advance a partisan agenda as much as it is that we publish really smart, thoughtful, potentially even unpopular thoughts.”
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
RELATED: Fighting ‘the Gawker effect' in the wake of Weinstein
The Cut stands out in a crowded women's media world in both editorial gravitas and reach: TheCut.com boasts beyond 8 million monthly unique visitors, up more than 40 percent since 2016. In addition to widely shared essays (see: anything Rebecca Traister has written since the election), celebrity cover stories, and original fashion photography, the site was the first to report allegations of sexual harassment against New York public radio legend John Hockenberry and uncover footage of Hardball host Chris Matthews's sexist commentary during a 2016 interview with then-candidate Hillary Clinton.
The site, which was redesigned in 2017, has been part of New York magazine's online presence since 2008. In 2012, The Cut brand went from fashion blog to full-fledged online women's magazine, mixing politics, pop culture, and an irreverent, smart sensibility with the genre's staples like fashion week coverage and beauty reviews. This was the heyday of feminist internet, when blogs like Jezebel and The Hairpin occupied a similar space. National news outlets like Slate, Vice, and The Washington Post have launched verticals devoted to women in years since, and big investors even joined the party.
New York Editor-in-Chief Adam Moss is quick to point out that the flagship publication has always been in the business of smart, nuanced feminism; Gloria Steinem, for example, launched Ms. magazine in the pages of New York in the 1970s. And the magazine itself has been home to deeply reported pieces on women, power, and ambition long before revelations about Harvey Weinstein's abuses roiled the news this past fall. The magazine won praise for publishing the stories of Bill Cosby's 35 accusers and including their photos on the glossy's cover in 2015, and then-political writer Gabriel Sherman exhaustively covered Roger Ailes and his many abuses of power in recent years.
Related: WNYC supporters waver amid harassment crisis
The infrastructure of what's now The Cut has long been in place, and its shape is rare in the publishing landscape: Moss's vision of New York as a magazine for readers of a coastal sensibility (rather than a magazine solely for New Yorkers), paired with an early adaptation to the pace of digital journalism and an established roster of marquee writers like Traister, Ann Friedman, and Heather Havrilesky.
Still, Moss wasn't sure people took The Cut's journalism seriously until the 2016 presidential campaign. “We always had a dedicated readership, but the readership began to escalate,” he says, “and people began to notice and say nice things about what we were doing.”
“The experience was already there,” says New York CEO Pam Wasserstein. “The authority was already there, and now the historical moment has aligned with what we were already doing and capable of.”
“All journalism waits for its moment,” adds Moss.
And at The Cut, the moment belongs to Bugbee, a veteran of the editorial, advertising, and design worlds alike, who was on the relaunch team of The Cut and is now its top editor.
“What if, instead of an instantaneous backlash to literally every thought expressed online, we just sat with our discomfort for even ten minutes? Six months? Three years?” Bugbee muses in her monthly editor's letter. “The ‘reckoning' (as we've been calling it) began in full force only a few months ago, and already the very same media outlets that broke the first stories are giving credence to an impending backlash. But what is that backlash, exactly? It seems to me it's a lot of women afraid of ‘losing the room' or people deeply invested in keeping things the way they've always been. It's simply too hard to live in a state of uncertainty. But we must acknowledge that people can experience contradictory feelings and still function.”
February's letter, titled “I'm Certain that Certainty is the Enemy,” turns out to be both Bugbee's cri de coeur and The Cut's governing philosophy in the #MeToo era—one it's betting its core readers share.
Bugbee describes herself as someone who sees the world in Venn diagrams, and that's how she thinks of The Cut's four sections—style, self, culture, and power—they should be continually overlapping. This idea sounds, at first, like a sophisticated version of the tired “women can care about makeup and politics, too, who knew!” ethos of some women's publications. But reading The Cut feels less like reading a curation of the imagined woman's wide-ranging interests, and more like having a wine-soaked conversation with your wittiest, most zeitgeisty friend.
“What [women] think about on a daily basis…that's important, and we're going to think about defining that stuff,” says Senior Editor Ruth Spencer, citing The Cut's expansion of coverage on careers, ambition, and motherhood-related pieces.
And since sexual assault and our culture's relationship to masculinity and femininity have been on many of our minds for some months, The Cut has been a natural host for those conversations. Bugbee says she hopes they are thoughtful ones.
Bugbee and other editors at The Cut say submissions are considered carefully. At times, Bugbee says, she's seen some of those same pieces published as-is in other publications, if the writer opts not to cooperate with the process at The Cut.
When The Cut published a nearly 3,000-word first-person confessional essay by Moira Donegan, in which the young writer outed herself as the creator of the “Shitty Media Men” list, this January, it was not without long conversations and deliberations between the writer and editorial staff. Bugbee describes the decision to take Donegan's story as one that came from the site's ideology of empathy—and calls it a defining piece of its #MeToo coverage.
Related: Creator of the ‘Shitty Media Men' list goes public, defends the whisper network
“I was proud of Moira for coming forward, because that wasn't an easy choice. I was glad she trusted us to work with her on it, and that felt like a moment where The Cut was able to contribute something big to this conversation,” Bugbee says, adding that it also “helped bring a lot of eyeballs.”
She says she would treat a piece by a writer anywhere on the feminist spectrum in the same way: “I'd never take anything out of hand. But if it's smart, and has something new to say…[empathy] allows me to publish things even if I may not always agree.”
In addition to the Donegan piece, the site's #MeToo coverage has included a conversation between Traister and conservative New York Times columnist Ross Douthat on “the lessons of the Post-Weinstein moment,” an Ann Friedman column looking at “Google Doc” activism more generally, and critical coverage of Hollywood. A Traister column from 2015, “Why Consensual Sex Can Still Be Bad,” resurfaced as one of the site's most-read pieces in late 2017.
While it may seem obvious that a magazine targeted at educated women living mostly in large, metropolitan areas (mostly “older millennials,” as Wasserstein says) craves complexity and empathy, that's not traditionally been the credo of women's media.
When Ann Friedman, a freelance writer and co-creator of the popular podcast Call Your Girlfriend, went freelance after being laid off with her colleagues at GOOD in 2012, her weekly column at The Cut became both her financial foundation and intellectual home base. She has been a contributing writer for the site longer than many current staffers have been on board.
“I've had editors at glossy women's magazines say to me, ‘Forget the nuance. We're trying to make a really clear argument here.' No editor at The Cut has asked me to forget the nuance,” Friedman says. “Internet conventional wisdom is you need a very clear take that can be put into a clicky headline. Some of the worst #MeToo writing and response has been that—‘Here's why so-and-so is bad.' That is just not The Cut's M.O.”
She also believes The Cut stands out in a crowded online space eager for eyeballs because it isn't afraid of waiting a beat or two on the conversations of the day. “There's a lot of editorial pressure to be like, ‘What are we saying right now?'” she says. “The Cut will write that quick blog post, and revisit it in a deeper way later.”
Looking back, Friedman does wish some of the process around her earlier columns at the site had included “nuance checks” on how readers unlike herself might see her pieces: “‘Hey, what about a woman reading this in the middle of the country? Or a woman who is transgender?'” she posits. “But this is something that everybody can get better at.”
Bugbee and Moss say they work hard to resist making assumptions about their readers. She particularly tries to use caution with assumptions about a reader's financial privilege, terrain other women's magazines can easily fumble.
“I'd hesitate to call something ‘an investment bag,'” she says. “We don't speak to you like, ‘Go out and buy one right now!' It's more like, ‘If you were to buy this…' We don't assume privilege—whether it's education, motherhood, or money—we don't assume these things came easily for our readers.”
That holistic approach applies to subjects and people The Cut tackles, too. When Allison Davis, currently on her second tour of duty as a staff writer, sat down to profile Bring It On actress Gabrielle Union for The Cut's October 2017 cover, she felt stumped. Union's new book of essays detailed fertility struggles and her experience of being raped as a teenager. Davis—who often pens fun-but-thoughtful content on sex and entertainment—felt the profile warranted the serious tenor of the memoir's subject matter. Her editor, Molly Fischer, had another thought—had Davis's conversation with Union at a Chicago sports bar really been two hours of heart-wrenching real talk?
“I said, ‘No, for two hours, it was a lot of laughing and drinking tequila,” Davis recalls.
Fischer told her, “It's okay to put that in, because we're trying to portray her as a complete person.”
“I was able to write the draft in one night after we got past that.”
ICYMI: ProPublica's mistake was inevitable in age of CIA secrecy over torture
Editors Note: A previous version of this article misspelled Anna Silman's name.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Amanda Palleschi is a writer living in Washington, D.C. Her work has appeared in The New Republic, The Atlantic, Washington City Paper and others. You can follow her on Twitter @APalleschi.
MANAGUA – New Orleans evacuated some residents from areas outside its levee system as Tropical Storm Nate swirled toward the U.S. Gulf Coast on Friday after killing at least 25 people in Central America.
Nate is set to become a Category 1 hurricane, the weakest on a five-category scale used by meteorologists, by the time it hits the U.S. central Gulf Coast on Saturday evening or Saturday night.
“Nate is at our doorstep or will be soon,” New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said.
The greatest threat from this particular storm is not rain, but strong winds and storm surge, Landrieu said. The winds could cause significant power outages, and storm surges are projected to be six to nine feet (1.8 to 2.7 meters) high, he added.
“We have been through this many, many times. There is no need to panic,” Landrieu told a news conference.
Later on Friday, the storm is expected to brush by Mexico's Yucatan peninsula, home to beach resorts such as Cancun and Playa del Carmen, before heading north into the Gulf of Mexico, according to the U.S. National Hurricane Center in Miami.
Nate was blowing maximum sustained winds of 70 miles per hour (113 kmh) and was about 500 miles (805 km) south-southeast of the Mississippi river on Friday evening, the NHC said.
In the United States, a state of emergency was declared for 29 Florida counties and states near Nate's path – Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi – as well as the city of New Orleans, devastated by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
The NHC issued a hurricane watch from Grand Isle, Louisiana to the Alabama/Florida border.
“By Saturday noon you should be in your safe place,” Alabama Governor Kay Ivey told a news conference. “This is a fast-moving storm and we must begin preparing now.”
Nearly three-quarters of U.S. Gulf of Mexico oil production was offline ahead of the storm, and more oil companies were halting operations late Friday.
On Friday evening, Nate was moving north-northwest at 22 miles per hour (35 kmh), a fast pace which if maintained could mean the storm does less damage when it hits land.
The storm doused Central America with heavy rains on Thursday, killing at least 12 people in Nicaragua, nine in Costa Rica, two in Honduras and two in El Salvador, local authorities said.
Thousands were forced to evacuate their homes and Costa Rica's government declared a state of emergency.
Costa Rican President Luis Guillermo Solis urged residents to remain vigilant, noting rains would likely resume.
In Honduras, residents wondered whether they would have to flee. Norma Chavez and her two children anxiously watched a river rise outside their home in Tegucigalpa, the capital.
“We are worried that it will grow more and carry away the house,” said Chavez, 45.
Through Monday, Nate is expected to produce two to four inches (5 to 10 cm) more rain in eastern Yucatan and western Cuba and three to six inches (8 to 15 inches) in the U.S. central Gulf Coast.
About 71 percent of U.S. Gulf of Mexico oil production and 53 percent of natural gas output is offline ahead of Nate's arrival, the U.S. Department of the Interior's Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) said on Friday.
Oil companies have evacuated staff from 66 platforms and five drilling rigs, it said. Oil production equaling 1.24 million barrels of crude per day is offline, according to BSEE.
Satisfaction is the emotion consumers most associate with positive brand experiences, according to recent research from InMoment.
The report was based on data from a survey of 20,000 consumers and 10,000 brands based in 12 countries (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States).
Consumers as well as companies say satisfaction is the emotion most linked to positive brand experiences, though a bigger share of consumers cite it as the top emotion.
Feeling safe/reassured is the next most-cited emotion tied to positive brand experiences.
Being made to feel important ranks third with consumers as an emotion associated with positive brand experiences, whereas feeling part of something special ranks third with companies.
Disappointment is the emotion most linked to negative brand experiences by consumers as well as companies; frustration ranks second, followed by feeling disrespected.
About the research: The report was based on data from a survey of 20,000 consumers and 10,000 brands based in 12 countries (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom, and the United States).
Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE!
Known for their scintillating dance moves, Varun Dhawan and Katrina Kaif are all set to share screen space for the very first time in a film.
The film will be directed by Remo D'Souza who earlier directed Varun in the super hit ABCD 2. It will also star actor-choreographer-director Prabhu Deva besides Dharmesh Yelande, Raghav Juyal and Punit Pathak who had featured in ABCD 2.
Meanwhile, Varun just gave us a little sneak-peek of what's in store for us in this one of the most anticipated films. Check it out here-
The actor tweeted, " We Dance to EXPRESS not to IMPRESS. THE #BIGGESTDANCEFILM EVER IN 3D is here, 8th November 2⃣0⃣1⃣9⃣🕺🏻 Let's do this. #BhushanKumar @tseries.official @katrinakaif @remodsouza #LizelleDsouza @prabhudheva
From his tweet, it's quite evident that this film is ABCD 3. But the makers haven't yet revealed the title of this Varun Dhawan- Katrina Kaif starrer! We wonder what's the mystery behind this.
Says Bhushan Kumar, "Dance and music go together. As a brand synonymous with music, it seemed natural to produce India's biggest dance film. Having a committed director like Remo who is passionate about and master of several dance forms is a blessing."
Remo D'Souza says, "Isn't it just appropriate that a film about music and dance is produced by the man heading the biggest music company in Bollywood? And I get to direct - Varun, one of the best dancers today, and Katrina, who has shown us she can shake a mean leg."
Bhushan Kumar adds, "Varun is a natural-born entertainer. The audience loves his antics on screen, especially his dance moves. Katrina has talent and the ability to work hard - she also has a unique mesmerising quality."
Says Varun, "Working with Remo again for India's biggest dance film is huge. I performed once in New York with Katrina and it was electric. She's gonna bring her A game so I need to get back into shape. Bhushan is not only a strong producer who has over a period of time built a great marketing and distribution machinery, he also contributes a lot creatively specially in music department."
Katrina says, "I am super excited to be joining Remo's vision to make India's ultimate dance film. Varun's passion is so wonderful; he works tirelessly to create magic. And, Bhushan Kumar with his understanding of market dynamics, as a producer will ensure it is the most talked-about film of 2019. I can't wait to start this journey."
The film is expected to go on the floors this year and will release on November 8, 2019.
Liberty Gratz is deaf and has vision loss.
That hasn't stopped her from working at Publix. But on the afternoon of April 22, she had an interaction with a customer that will stay with her.
Gratz was kneeling down to arrange items on a lower shelf, when a customer hit her.
"All of a sudden, I felt some woman hit me in my back," Liberty said, through her mother Jeanette Gratz's interpreting, according to CBS 17.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Gratz couldn't hear the woman asking where to find an item in the store, so the woman became violent, her mother told The News & Observer on April 24.
"At this point Liberty was stunned, but turned and told the lady she couldn't hear by pointing to her ear and shaking her head no," Jeanette said. "She handed the lady a pen and paper so she could tell her what she needed, then showed her where it was. She said the lady still acted and looked angry while she was helping her."
Publix was supportive and management searched security footage, but no one could determine the identity of the woman who hit Gratz.
"They kept looking again and again and again, but you couldn't see because there were so many people blocking the camera," Liberty signed while her mother interpreted for CBS17. "It was hard for me to really see her face to make sure it was the right person."
Gratz normally communicates with customers using paper and a pen. But her vision loss means she doesn't always see people next to her, or in her periphery.
"How would you feel if you were working and someone just came up behind you and decided to punch you?" Jeanette Gratz said.
Gratz and her brother, Triton, are 21-year-old twins who were born deaf and had vision issues. The twins have Usher Syndrome — the most common genetic cause of combined deafness and blindness, according to a GoFundMe campaign for the family.
Gratz and her brother use American Sign Language with family and friends.
Gratz was diagnosed with Usher Syndrome and Retinitis Pigmentosa — the disease responsible for her blindness. Retinitis Pigmentosa is a genetic disease that causes slow, but permanent vision loss.
She already has night blindness and other symptoms. Triton also was scheduled to be tested for RP.
"This diagnoses has sucked the air right out of this family," the GoFundMe said. "They are scared, angry, sad and confused. They are glad to finally have a diagnosis, but now they are trying to figure out those next steps, and the things they will need to learn to make sure Liberty (and Triton if diagnosed) has the best life possible despite the circumstances."
The GoFundMe was set up to raise money for medical and travel costs and for Gratz to go to Disney World and do other traveling before she goes blind.
As of April 24, the GoFundMe had raised more than $5,000.
Jeanette said she would pray for the person who struck her daughter.
"Whoever it is, they've been prayed for," she said. "I will continue to pray for them, and I hope that things get better in their life so they can be better to other people."
MIRAMAR, FLA. (WSVN) - Police are on the scene where an 8-month-old baby girl was mauled to death by a dog in Miramar.
Police responded to the 2400 block of Kingston Drive in Miramar, Wednesday morning, where the child was fatally attacked by a dog.
According to detectives, the infant was being watched by a family member, and the parents were not home at the time.
7Skyforce hovered over the scene, where officers and crime scene tape were seen at the house. The family is confirmed to have several dogs, all reported to be pitbull/staffordshire bull terrier mixes. All three dogs have been taken by Broward Animal Care.
Animal services and a heavy police presence remain on the area.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this developing story.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
/ Front page / News
JOELI Nukunawa, who was charged in relation to a carjacking incident in Kashmir, Lautoka last year, escaped from the Suva Remand Centre in Korovou on Sunday afternoon.
Nukunawa, 26, is from Naibita, Wainibuka in Tailevu and resides at Vunimoli settlement in Tacirua.
Members of the public are urged to contact the nearest police station if they have any informaion that may lead to his arrest.
The Fiji Corrections Service is continuing its search and members of the public are warned that it is an offence to harbour escaped prisoners.
ROCHESTER, Minn. (AP) — Prosecutors are reviewing charges against a man held for fatally stabbing two men at a Salvation Army apartment building in Minnesota.
Police say the 53-year-old man was intoxicated when he killed the men following an argument at Castleview Apartments in Rochester, a building that provides housing for the homeless, disabled and those with mental health issues.
The man was arrested shortly after the stabbings Saturday night as he tried to leave the building through a back stairway. The Olmsted County Attorney's Office was reviewing the case Monday and expected to file charges Tuesday. The suspect was being held on two tentative counts of second-degree murder.
Police say the victims, 57-year-old Phillip William Hicks and 45-year-old Eric Alan Flemming, were stabbed in the chest and upper abdomen. Both lived in the building.'
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Radio One D.C.
Join Radio One D.C. at the Heroes Of Play 5K run on Saturday, October 14th at Anacostia Park! The Run starts at 7:30am! Register at Crowdrise.com/heroesofplay2017!
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
FOOTBALL
Loveland — Windsor (1-0 Class 4A Northern League, 5-1 overall) used a two-touchdown second quarter to pick up its first conference win on the year.
The Wizard's defense played well throughout, keeping the Mountain Lions off the board in the first half.
Windsor is back in action next Friday when it hosts Monarch.
WHS 0 14 7 0 — 21
MVHS 0 0 7 7 — 14
Recommended Stories For You
SOFTBALL
Berthoud 5, Windsor 4: In Windsor, The Wizards tied the game in the bottom of the sixth, but Berthoud fought back to win in the seventh.
Tiana Spangler had a nice day in the circle and at the plate. She threw six innings and only giving up one earned run and added two doubles on the offensive end.
Windsor finished the regular season at 7-7 in Class 4A Tri-Valley League, 10-9 overall.
BHS 400 000 1 — 5 9 4
WHS 000 013 0 — 4 7 4
WHS — Tiana Spangler (7H, 1ER, 1BB, 2SO), Jon Marie Duran (6th, L, 2H, 1ER, 0BB, 0SO). 2B – Spangler 2; RBI – Janae Cameron, Bryn Horton, Halleigh Hinojosa.
VOLLEYBALL
Windsor 3, Frederick 0
WHS 25 28 25
FHS 18 25 15
Security firm Kaspersky Lab has soundly denied claims that its software was used by the Russian government to steal confidential documents belonging to a contractor of the US National Security Agency.
According to unnamed sources speaking to the Wall Street Journal, confidential files belonging to the National Security Agency were exfiltrated by attackers when a contractor, in violation of standard security protocol, placed copies onto their personal laptop. So far, so whoops - but the sources go on to claim that the files themselves only became known to the Russian government in the first place after being flagged by anti-virus software from Kaspersky Lab.
The implication, then, is that somehow the files being flagged by Kaspersky's anti-virus software and Russia swooping in to copy them are linked - but, naturally, the company denies any wrongdoing or collusion. 'Kaspersky Lab has not been provided any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the alleged incident reported by the Wall Street Journal on October 5, 2017, and it is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company,' the company bemoaned in an official statement published late last night. 'As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight.
'We make no apologies for being aggressive in the battle against malware and cybercriminals. The company actively detects and mitigates malware infections, regardless of the source, and we have been proudly doing so for 20 years, which has led to continuous top ratings in independent malware detection tests. It's also important to note that Kaspersky Lab products adhere to the cybersecurity industry's strict standards and have similar levels of access and privileges to the systems they protect as any other popular security vendor in the U.S. and around the world.'
This isn't the first time Kaspersky has been fingered for potential wrongdoing: In 2015 the company was accused of sabotaging rivals' software by deliberately mislabelling files contributed to malware-sharing services to encourage false positive and negative detections.
Platform-agnostic solution unveils for New York startup market as development needs to require progressive apps that work seamlessly across the entire stack on mobile, web, IoT and more
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Kuzzle, a powerful backend platform that helps companies build and connect their various infrastructures for seamless development across all mediums and devices, is showcasing the solution's capabilities for small to mid-sized digital and IT teams at TechDay NYC. The event, which takes place April 18, 2017 at Pier 94 in New York City, is the largest start-up event in the U.S. with over 35,000 attendees.
Back-end development consumes 60 percent of overall project budgets, and IDC predicts that half of all applications will need to be rewritten by the end of 2017 to accommodate the ever-evolving landscape of the platforms hosting the applications. With the recent shutdown of Parse and upcoming OS changes requiring applications to update or be deleted, Kuzzle aims to both streamline and future proof the backend infrastructure of software, in addition to helping companies move to the eventual cross-stack era where all apps will be built in concert across platforms.
Kuzzle is platform agnostic and can work with virtually any other platform to build or extend a backend. Its multi-protocol design allows software stacks or devices that aren't designed to work together seamlessly connect, including:
HTTP Protocol: ready for Web, mobile, IoT & M2M applications
Web Sockets: ready for "real time" Web, mobile, IoT & M2M applications
Socket.io: ready for "real time" on older browsers versions (enterprise desktops)
MQTT: ready for "real time" IoT & M2M applications
Custom protocol plugins such as XMPP for messaging, TCP - UDP for console gaming & M2M & any custom need
"We're excited to be participating at TechDay NYC to show New York startups the endless possibilities Kuzzle can provide for developer teams," said Joseph Soares, U.S. Branch Manager at Kuzzle. "The event has emerged as an important centerpiece for discussion and connection among startups, bringing together decision makers across a variety of emerging technologies. We are thrilled to share and engage with other participating entrepreneurs and business leaders."
The annual event features live technology demonstrations, fireside chats, hundreds of exhibitors, and an accelerator Alley, where early-stage founders can meet some of the country's most influential accelerators.
Kuzzle at TechDay NYC
Demonstrations of the new platform happen hourly at TechDay NYC. Attendees can visit Kuzzle's booth in the IoT section of the exhibition hall. Highlights will include a detailed pitch presentation from the Kuzzle team at 2:45 p.m. on the Olshan Stage. Kuzzle's open source core is available on GitHub with documentation at http://kuzzle.io.
About Kuzzle
Kuzzle is the most comprehensive backend platform available today, working with virtually any other platform to build or extend the backend for mobile, web, desktop, IoT and more. Kuzzle's clients include global media and tech companies, government institutions, and IoT/smart home startups. Based in Montpellier, France, Kuzzle is the spinoff of a two-year R&D effort by a senior engineering team from French consulting firm Kaliop Group. For more information, visit http://kuzzle.io/.
(Above: Demonstrators protest United Airlines at O'Hare International Airport on April 11, 2017 in Chicago, Illinois. Photo: AFP/Getty Images, Joshua Lott)
United Airlines has been under fire in recent days after the incident where a passenger was forcibly removed from a flight in Chicago. Video of him being dragged down the aisle naturally went viral in what has roundly been considered a public relations disaster for the airline.
What steps could the airline take to try and recover from this episode? Do airlines have especially challenging public relations hurdles to climb compared to other companies in other industries? And why do many Houstonians still speak positively about Continental Airlines, which was based here before it was bought out by United?
Joining us for this conversation is Julie Fix, director of undergraduate studies at the University of Houston.
There are new charges Monday in the 2014 deaths of two women during a bank robbery in Cairo, Illinois. A federal grand jury indicted James Watts and two others on several federal charges.
According to the superseding indictment, Watts is charged with armed bank robbery resulting in death and felon in possession of a firearm.
Police say in May of 2014 Watts stabbed two workers -- Anita Grace and Nita Smith -- to death while trying to rob the First National Bank branch in Cairo.
The indictment shows two others now charged in the robbery. We do not yet have pictures of Otha Don Watkins or Sharita Tipler.
Watkins is charged with conspiring with Watts.Court documents show they met at a McDonald's days before to talk about it. He's also charged with lying to federal agents.
Meanwhile Sharita Tipler is charged with giving a gun to Watkins knowing he's a convicted felon.
Watts and Watkins have been in jail since may of 2014. Law enforcement took Tipler into custody Monday.
You can read the new indictment below this story.
While fans await to know about Disha Vakani's comeback on Taarak Mehta's Ooltah Chashmah, her recent announcement has left many heartbroken. The actress who took a maternity break from the show, took to her Instagram account recently to make an announcement. She portrayed the character Dayaben on the show, that managed to win a huge fan following.
Addressing the on-going fans' concern and eagerness with regard to Disha's comeback on the show, she said on Instagram, "Everyone is telling me to come back on show especially you all peoples. I really missed the trkmoc . I likely to come on show. But circumstances doesn't favour this . 💞
Thanks for understanding and supporting me ! Keep loving and watching Tarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah . #Dishadiloves #trkmoc"- (sic)
Does her comment mean she might return to the sets eventually? But the heartbroken fans couldn't resist from pleading the actress to return on their favourite show. The comments on Instagram read, "Pleaseee comeback everyone loves you sooo much. Look back at ur episodes. U act the best out them all. Everyone watches tmkoc I watch it here in America all my cousins watch as well. My cousin in canada. And my cousin and Pakistan. And my cousin in Australia. Pleaseeeeeee comeback."- (sic)
The actress gave birth to a baby girl last November (2017), and has been missing from the show since. Fans also spoke about the baby saying, "Mam we love you and we understand that your baby needs you. Take your time but please return to the show. It's okay if you return even after 3 or 5 years but please come back on the show." We hope to see Disha back on the show soon!
Must Read- Naagin 3 Actresses Share Goofy Picture From The Sets!
Patricia A. Fleurent, 75, of Mattapoisett passed away Thursday, August 10, 2017 in St. Anne's Hospital.
Born in New Bedford, a daughter of the late Leo H. Fleurent, Sr. and the Late Sophie (Wypych) Fleurent Pitta she lived most of her early and later years in the area, while also living in New Jersey for 30 years.
Miss Fleurent loved her cats. They were like her children. She also loved the beach.
She is survived by two brothers, Leo H. Fleurent, Jr. and his wife Rochelle of Fairhaven and Robert “Pete” Fleurent of Wareham; nieces and nephews, Lynne Sylva, Michael Fleurent, Randall Fleurent and Nicole Fleurent. She was the aunt of the late Bruce Fleurent.
Her Funeral Mass will be Saturday, August 19, 2017 at 9 am in St. Mary's Church, Main Street, Fairhaven, MA. Burial will be private. For online tribute, www.waring-sullivan.com.
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale Pause
0:54 Dan Baum's advice for Top 20 Under 40 winners
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
MONTREAL (AP) — Roberto Luongo stopped 28 shots for his third shutout of the season and 76th of his career, leading the Florida Panthers to a 2-0 victory over the Montreal Canadiens on Monday night.
Aaron Ekblad and Aleksander Barkov scored to help the Panthers inch closer to a playoff position, pulling three points behind idle new Jersey for the second wild card in the Eastern Conference. Florida has two games in hand on the Devils.
Antti Niemi finished with 38 saves for Montreal, which was shut out for the second straight game and 12th time this season — including three against the Panthers. The Canadiens were coming off a 4-0 loss at Toronto on Saturday.
Nothing but respect for #1. pic.twitter.com/ULNql6fnv4 — Florida Panthers (@FlaPanthers) March 20, 2018
The opening 10 minutes saw two fights, one of which had Ekblad sparring with Nicolas Deslauriers. It may have fired up the big defenseman because he stole a puck from Michael McCarron, deked past defenseman Jeff Petry and beat Niemi with a move to the backhand for an unassisted goal with 1:29 left in the opening period.
Jacob De La Rose thought he had tied it for Montreal 17 seconds later, but a video review showed Alex Galchenyuk was offside by a toenail and it was waived off.
Barkov got his 26th of the season at 6:23 of the third when his shot from the left side went in off Montreal forward Logan Shaw.
Star goalie Carey Price returned to the Montreal lineup after concussion suffered Feb. 20. He backed up Niemi.
UP NEXT:
Panthers: At Ottawa on Tuesday night as they continue a stretch of seven of eight on the road.
Canadiens: At Pittsburgh on Wednesday night.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LeeAnne Locken took over Jack's airways today! And she talked to Billy Kidd.
Check out the interview in the audio above.
FILE - In a Friday, Feb. 2, 2018 file photo, Terri Herring, left, a long time Mississippi abortion foe, speaks with House Judiciary B Committee chairman Andy Gipson, R-Braxton, center, and Rep. Chris Brown, R-Nettleton, outside chambers at the Capitol in Jackson, Miss., following the passage of House Bill 1510, which makes the state the first to ban most abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy. Mississippi's governor signed the nation's most restrictive abortion law Monday, March 19, 2018, and was slapped with a lawsuit less than an hour later. Rogelio V. Solis, File AP Photo
BACOLOD City – Police Station 8 arrested a drug suspect in a sting operation in Barangay Tangub.
Albert Gerald Palo, 23, of Barangay Estefania sold shabu to an undercover police officer for P500 on Aug. 12, a police report showed.
Recovered from Palo were five sachets of shabu valued at P15,000.
Palo was detained and faces charges for violation of the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002./PN
SHARE COPY LINK Retired teacher and grandmother of Laurens County students has mixed feelings about the Board of Education's decision to allow some staff members to carry weapons. Beau Cabell
Retired teacher and grandmother of Laurens County students has mixed feelings about the Board of Education's decision to allow some staff members to carry weapons. Beau Cabell
Reuters U.S. President Donald Trump holds a space astronaut toy as he participates in a signing ceremony for Space Policy Directive at the White House.
President Donald Trump on Monday had a relatively quiet day, as he pushed forward a plan to return astronauts to the moon and discussed how to increase infrastructure with a key member of Congress.
SPACE DIRECTIVE
Trump signed a directive that formally orders NASA to send humans back to the moon. The object of the lunar mission will then be to build a foundation needed to send humans onto Mars. Buzz Aldrin, the second man to walk on the moon, attended the event, as did Apollo astronaut and former senator Jack Schmitt.
“Exactly 45 years ago, almost to the minute, Jack became one of the last Americans to land on the moon. Today we pledge that he will not be the last, and I suspect we'll be finding other places to land in addition to the moon,” Trump said.
According to the White House, the plan will creative incentives for private industry participation, as well as work with other nations.
INFRASTRUCTURE MEETING
Rep. Bill Shuster, the Pennsylvania Republican who chairs the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, met with the president. Ahead of the meeting, Shuster said he would be discussing the president's infrastructure plans. The Treasury Department relied on these plans to come up with an estimate that the Republican tax bill, in addition to Trump administration ideas on other topics, could spark enough economic growth to pay for cuts to business and individual taxes.
Read: Even Mnuchin's Treasury Department says Republican tax plan won't pay for itself
BRIEFED ON NEW YORK ATTACK
His press secretary, Sarah Sanders, tweeted that the president was briefed on the New York City attack. The would-be suicide bomber detonated an explosive device near the Port Authority Bus Terminal and injured three besides himself. Sanders told reporters the president's policy on chain migration would have prevented the assailant from entering the country.
DENIES TELEVISION WATCHING REPORT
Following a weekend of media criticism, the president took issue with a report in The New York Times saying he watches as much as eight hours of television each day.
Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the “dumbest man on television!” Bad Reporting. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 11, 2017
Read: Why President Trump (and everyone else) should drink less Diet Coke
A man lays a flower at a memorial along Yonge Street, Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto, the day after a driver drove a van down sidewalks, striking and killing numerous pedestrians in his path. The Canadian Press via AP Nathan Denette
Ronnie Oneal III, 29, of Riverview, Florida has been arrested and charged with two counts of first-degree murder and one count of attempted first-degree murder, resisting arrest and arson in a Tampa-area double murder and house fire. The boy who survived, Oneal's son, told rescue personnel his father shot his mother and a young girl was found stabbed to death.
Oneal himself phoned 911 and said he'd been “attacked by some white demons …she tried to kill me and I just killed her.” Oneal identified the woman he'd shot as “Ke-Ke,” and gave his address, 13248 Pike Lake Drive.
Hillsborough County Sheriff's deputies responded just before midnight to a separate call from the woman at the same address saying she'd been shot, begging for help. Police arrived and found her lying dead in front of a neighbor's door and the Pike Lake Drive house on fire.
WFLA reported that “dispatchers said a man could be overheard in the background yelling ‘Allah Akbar!'” The phrase means God is great in Arabic. Dispatchers also heard, ‘She killed me.' The woman could then be heard screaming and saying, ‘I'm so sorry Ronnie.'”
Moments later, another 911 call came in from a man saying, “I've just been attacked by some white demons…She tried to kill me and I just killed her,” and gave dispatchers the Pike Lake Drive address.
With sheriff deputies on the scene and firefighters arriving, O'Neal appeared. He walked out from a garage toward deputies and, ignoring warnings to stop, was tased and taken into custody. According to police, Oneal said: “Allah Akbar.”
Meanwhile, Oneal's son emerged from the burning house with stab wounds and burns. He said, “My father shot my mother.”
It was when firefighters were attempting to control the blaze they discovered the body of the young girl who had endured multiple stab wounds. Both the girl and woman were pronounced dead at the scene.
The boy, Oneal's son, Ronnie Oneal IV, 9, was being treated at Tampa General Hospital for neck and upper body stab sounds and was in stable condition.
HCSO said Oneal killed Kenyatta “Ke-Ke” Barron, 34, and her and his daughter, whose name is not being released pending positive identification from the Hillsborough County Medical Examiner's Office.
ONeal did not make a statement, police said, save for the declaration on the 911 call and when in custody. But police said Oneal smelled like gas and had a burn on his arm.
Here is the scene in the Royal Lakes community off Big Bend Road. Evidence markers dot the ground in front of the home that deputies found on fire. pic.twitter.com/w4gt8LxFVA — Tony Marrero (@TMarreroTimes) March 19, 2018
Oneal's record with the Hillsborough County Sheriff includes a 2009 driving with a suspended license, and two misdemeanor pot possession charges, one in 2008 another in 2009. In 2007, he was charged with “conspiracy to traffic in cocaine.”
The full press release from HCSO:
On March 18, 2018, at approximately 11:43 pm, the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office Dispatch center received a 911 call from an unknown female caller. During the call, the female caller repeatedly pleas for help and tells the dispatcher that she's been shot. When asked where she was, the caller provided a partial address of “1234”, when an unknown male can be overheard in the background yelling, “Allah Akbar”! The female caller apparently states, “I'm so sorry Ronnie”, with loud screaming coming from the same female. An unknown male in the background can be overheard stating, “She killed me” and then directed a supposed neighbor “Don't come outside, call 911 now.” The female can no longer be heard from and the 911 call ends shortly thereafter.
At approximately 11:51 pm, another 911 call is received by HCSO Dispatch, from an unknown male caller. The caller states, “I've just been attacked by some white demons.” He then states, “Her name is Ke-Ke and she tried to kill me and I just killed her. The caller then provided an address of 13248 Pike Lake Dr. Gibsonton, FL. HCSO Dispatch asked the caller if Ke-Ke tried to attack him and his response
was, “Yes, she tried to kill me!” The phone call then disconnects. This phone number was later confirmed by Detective Royal as belonging to the Defendant.
At approximately 11:49 pm HCSO Patrol Deputies arrived on scene and found a black female adult, lying in the front yard of the residence, located at 13246 Pike Lake Dr. Riverview, FL. As they began to render aid to the female, the Hillsborough County Fire Rescue (HCFR) also arrived on scene, in order to continue with medical assistance to the female victim. As they were doing so, they observed what they believed to be a fire, starting within the residence, located next door at 13248 Pike Lake Dr. Riverview, FL. The deputies then directed their attention to said residence and forced entry into the structure. The garage door of the residence then automatically opened, with the Defendant, B/M, Ronnie Oneal, DOB 07/27/1988 walking out of the garage and towards the deputies. The deputies gave multiple commands to the Defendant to stop and get on the ground. After all commands were ignored, deputies deployed their tasers, incapacitating the Defendant. The Defendant was subsequently placed in the back of deputy's vehicle, when he began stating “Allah Akbar”.
As HCFR were making entry into the residence affected by the fire, an African American juvenile walked out of the home, apparently suffering from burns and multiple stab wounds. As on scene medical personnel began rendering aid to the child, he replied, “My father shot my mother”. The child was transported to Tampa General Hospital, where he underwent surgery for his sustained wounds. The hospital later identified the juvenile as the son of the Defendant. The child is currently listed in stable condition.
The female adult, originally discovered in front of the neighbor's residence was also pronounced deceased at the scene and the only surviving victim (of the 3) was the juvenile transported to TGH.
The Defendant was later transported to the District IV office for an interview, where he refused to provide a statement. During your affiant's observations of said person, detectives noted a wallet was found on his person at the scene, which positively identified him as B/M, Ronnie Oneal, DOB 07/27/1988. The Defendant's clothing was covered with apparent blood (front and back), with apparent blood spatter, cast off, and or apparent satellite transfer, near the tip of his left shoe. He also had an apparent severe burn to his left forearm, with the inside of his right pants leg apparently burned as well. An apparent blister was observed to his right index finger, as well as to his right thumb. Apparent lacerations were observed to the right pinky finger and left thumb. Possible abrasions and or burns were observed to the top of his knuckles and his person smelled of gasoline and or another accelerate. During the beginning stages of processing the scene, an agent with the Bureau of Fire and Arson Investigations,conducted a walk-through of the residence in which the Defendant was found (via K-9 “Booker”). His K-9 was met with multiple, positive final alerts, for ignitable liquids in and around the residence. A red gasoline can was also found within one of the bedrooms of that same residence.
The Medical Examiner's Office later arrived on scene and stated both female decedents appeared to be victims of a homicide. Both female decedents have yet to be positively identified. The surviving male juvenile was identified at the hospital via family members and sustained multiple stab wounds to the torso and neck.
Oneal was arrested at the HCSO Criminal Investigation Division and booked into Hillsborough County Orient Road Jail.
The investigation continues.”
Riverview, a suburb of Tampa, is a middle class community of about 85,000 with good schools, and low crime, residents report.
MIAMI COUNTY — A Troy man was in court on Tuesday to face charges that he assaulted corrections officers in the Miami County Jail.
Marion A. Cotterman, 45, of Troy, was arraigned on two counts of fifth-degree felony assault in Miami County Common Pleas Court on Tuesday.
Cotterman reportedly assaulted corrections officers at the Miami County Jail in downtown Troy on Feb. 23 and on March 14, according to previous Miami County Sheriff's Office reports.
Cotterman was indicted by a grand jury on the assault charges earlier this month.
Cotterman has been incarcerated since March 14. He is continuing to be held in the jail on $5,000 bond.
A pre-trial conference for Cotterman is schedule for May 7.
In Miami County Municipal Court, Cotterman is facing separate charges of fifth-degree felony assault and two counts of first-degree misdemeanor assault. In each of those cases, Miami County Municipal Court Judge Gary Nasal found Cotterman to be incompetent to stand trial and ordered placing Cotterman into treatment until he is competent to stand trial.
In other news:
Michael O. Henson, 59, of Houston, was arraigned in Miami County Common Pleas Court on Tuesday on third-degree felony operating a vehicle while intoxicated and misdemeanor failure to control.
Henson was originally charged in connection with an incident in the area of North State Route 66 and North Hardin Road in Miami County on Oct. 8.
Henson was transferred from the Shelby County Jail to the Miami County Jail on March 17. Henson is continuing to be held at the jail on $15,000 bond.
A pre-trial conference for Henson is scheduled for May 7.
Henson http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_Michael-owen-henson-cmyk.jpg Henson Cotterman http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_Marion-cotterman-cmyk.jpg Cotterman
Suspect reportedly assaulted corrections officers
By Sam Wildow swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Sam Wildow at swildow@aimmediamidwest.com
Google's speech-to-text recognition has added another 21 languages including Sinhala and Tamil, the global internet giant announced today.
Google has been updating Gboard for Android with voice support for more international languages, working with native speakers to train machine learning models.
Today, Google announced that it's supporting an additional 20 languages and also adding English dialects for four African countries.
This means language support for a total of 30 new international locations, mostly centered on the Indian subcontinent and Africa.
The full list of languages is: Amharic, Armenian, Azerbaijani, Bengali, English (Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Tanzania), Georgian, Gujurati, Javanese, Kannada, Khmer, Lao, Latvian, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Sinhala, Sundanese, Swahili, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu. In total, this brings the grand total of Gboard's voice recognition to 119 languages.
These languages can be accessed today in Cloud Speech API, which means that they will soon be available across Google services and products, including in apps such as Google Translate.
– Agencies
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Dalton Lampley, the man accused of driving a garbage truck on the wrong side of the interstate, was indicted in Marshall County on Tuesday.
Lampley was indicted by a grand jury on 11 charges, including three felonies. Some of those charges are:
- Fleeing and evading 1st degree
- Possession of controlled substance
- Drug paraphernalia-
- Wonton endangerment, police officer
- Wreck less driving
- Resisting arrest
- Operating a vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs/ .08
Lampley is accused of driving a Waste Path Garbage truck the wrong way down Interstate 24 through Marshall and McCracken County in March. He also faces charges in McCracken County.
Lampley remains in jail on a $100,000 cash bond.
Kremlin denies intelligence links during Trump campaign
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Our color vision is superior at spotting “social signaling,” such as blushing or other facial color changes—even compared to the type of color vision that we design for digital cameras and other photographic devices.
“Our color vision is very strange,” says James Higham, an assistant professor in New York University's anthropology department and one of the study's coauthors.
“Humans and many other primates have an unusual type of color vision, and no one is sure why.”
“Our green receptor and our red receptor detect very similar colors. One would think that the ideal type of color vision would look different from ours, and when we design color detection, such as for digital cameras, we construct a different type of color vision. However, we've now shown that when it comes to spotting changes in color linked to social cues, humans outshine the type of color vision we've designed for our technologies.”
The study, which appears in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society Biological Sciences, focuses on trichromatic color vision—that is, how we process the colors we see, based on comparisons among how red, green, and blue they are.
One particularly interesting thing about how our visual system is structured is how significantly it differs from that of cameras. Notably, the green and red photoreceptors we use for color vision are placed very close together; by contrast, the equivalent components in cameras are situated with ample (and even) spacing among them.
Given that cameras are designed to optimally capture color, many have concluded that their ability to detect an array of colors should be superior to that of humans and other primates—and wondered why our vision is the way it is.
Two theories
One idea that has been well studied is related to foraging. It hypothesizes that primate color vision allows us to detect between subtle shades of green and red, which is useful, for example, when fruit are ripening against green leaves in a tree.
An alternative hypothesis relates to the fact that both humans and primates must be able to spot subtle changes in facial color in social interactions. For instance, some species of monkeys give red signals on their faces and on genitals that change color during mating and in social interactions. Similarly, humans exhibit facial color changes such as blushing, which are socially informative signals.
Human eyes, monkey faces
In their study, the researchers had 60 human subjects view a series of digital photographs of female rhesus macaque monkeys. These primates' facial color has been known to change with their reproductive status, with female faces becoming redder when they are ready to mate. This process, captured in the series of photographs, provides a good model for testing the ability to not only detect colors, but also to spot those linked to social cues—albeit across two species.
In different sets of photographs, the scientists developed software that replicated how colors look under different types of color vision, including different types of color blindness, and the type of trichromatic vision seen in many artificial systems, with even spacing of the green and red photoreceptors.
Some of the study's subjects viewed photos of the transformation of the monkeys' faces as a human or primate would see them while others saw pictures as a color-blind person would, and others as a camera would. During this period, the study's subjects had to discriminate between the different colors being exhibited by the monkeys in the photos.
Overall, the subjects viewing the images using the human/primate visual system more accurately and more quickly identified changes in the monkeys' face coloring.
“Humans and many other primates have an unusual type of color vision, and no one is sure why,” says first author Chihiro Hiramatsu of Japan's Kyushu University. “Here, we provide one of the first experimental tests of the idea that our unusual vision might be related to detecting social signals in the faces of others.”
“But, perhaps more importantly, these results support a rarely tested idea that social signaling itself, such as the need to detect blushing and facial color changes, might have had a role in the evolution or maintenance of the unusual type of color vision shown in primates, especially those with conspicuous patches of bare skin, including humans, macaques, and many others,” concludes coauthor Amanda Melin of the University of Calgary.
The Japanese Society for the Promotion of Sciences supported the work, as did the Wenner Gren Foundation, the National Institutes of Health's National Center for Research Resources, and its Office of Research Infrastructure Programs.
Source: New York University
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice'
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
Challenging Star Darshan's 50th film, Kurukshetra's filming is going on in full swing. According to the casting director, most of the cast have been finalized, but, the team is still searching for a famous actor to essay Arjuna's role.
By the way, filming for Kurukshetra will take place in just one schedule which is said to last for 100 days, and will entirely be shot at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.
As every Indian knows, the episode of Draupadi's disrobing was also one of the major reasons for the Battle of Kurukshetra in Mahabharat. It was Dushyasana who disrobed Draupadi, as per the orders from his elder brother Duryodhana.
Since Kurukshetra film also encompasses the disrobing episode, everyone were inquisitive to know who would essay the role of Dushyasana in the film.
According to our sources, an actor has now been finalized for Dushyasana's role in the film, thus bringing a closure to all speculations.
One of the most talented and underrated actors of Sandalwood, Ravi Chetan, has been roped in to essay Dushyasana's role in Muniratna's Kurukshetra.
Ravi Chetan has previously acted in a lot of films, playing supportive roles in Darshan, Sudeep, Vishnuvardhan, Shivarajkumar and a few other movies.
Although this news is still unconfirmed by Kurukshetra film team, our sources believe that the actor has already been finalized and he will start shooting in a couple of days.
Saving farmers is the priority of his government, Karnataka Chief Minister H D Kumaraswamy said, as he promised to honour his commitment to waive farm loans within 15 days and insisted there was “no going back” on it.
Kumaraswamy, under attack from the BJP over the alleged delay in fulfilling his pre-poll assurance to the farming community, met representatives of farmers groups and progressive peasants to discuss the problems faced by them.
“We will come to a decision in 15 days. In 15 days, it will get completely implemented….Whatever may be the difficulty, our government is committed to maintaining fiscal discipline, and also saving you (farmers),” Kumaraswamy told the meeting after listening to farmers for about three hours.
Kumaraswamy said he and Deputy Chief Minister G Parameshwara will discuss the issue with Congress president Rahul Gandhi.
The chief minister said Gandhi was also committed to farm loan waiver.
“I'm getting it (the loan amount) calculated, whatever a thousand crore rupees it is….saving you is our government's responsibility,” he told the gathering.
The meeting was attended by Parameshwara, deputy leader of opposition in the Assembly Govinda Karajola (BJP), and senior officials of the state government.
Kumaraswamy also said he would call a meeting of representatives of nationalised banks in 2-3 days and seek information about farm loans extended by them.
In the run up to the Assembly polls, The JD(S) leader had promised to write off agricultural loans totalling a whopping Rs 53,000 crore within 24 hours of coming to power.
The BJP has been targeting him over the “delay” in keeping that promise, and had called a statewide bandh on Monday which evoked a lukewarm response.
The chief minister had recently said he would retire from politics if he failed to honour the promise, and asked farmers not to “fall prey to the BJP conspiracy”.
But before doing that, he had said, since he was heading a coalition government, he would have to consult the alliance partner and take into account the financial condition of the state.
Leader of the Opposition B S Yeddyurappa had on Monday threatened action against the state government if it failed to write off farm loans within a week.
The House Intelligence Committee on Friday released the once-secret Republican memo that has been a flashpoint in American politics for weeks, after President Trump decided that it should be made public.
The memo is at the center of a controversy over the Justice Department's investigation of possible collusion between the Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government. (Read the memo here.)
The four-page memo details how top officials at the Department of Justice and the FBI, including former FBI Director James Comey, Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein, former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates, and others green-lit applications to surveil Carter Page, a former foreign policy advisor to the Trump campaign. The memo, written by Republican staff on the committee, contends that officials didn't adequately explain to a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court judge that the application relied on research by former British MI6 intelligence official Christopher Steele that was funded by the Democratic National Committee. Steele wrote a dossier that alleged several years of Trump-Kremlin links.
The Steele dossier was partially funded by the Democratic National Committee and the presidential campaign for Hillary Clinton. The dossier was first published by BuzzFeed News last January after security officials had briefed then-president Barack Obama and Trump about it.
The memo was written by the Republican committee staff under the direction of its chairman, Devin Nunes. In a statement, Nunes said, “the American people have a right to know when officials in crucial institutions are abusing their authority for political purposes.
“Our intelligence and law enforcement agencies exist to defend the American people, not to be exploited to target one group on behalf of another. It is my hope that the Committee's actions will shine a light on this alarming series of events so we can make reforms that allow the American people to have full faith and confidence in their governing institutions,” he said.
The top Democrat on the committee, Rep. Adam Schiff, called the decision to make the memo public “a shameful effort to discredit” the DOJ and the FBI and “undermine the Special Counsel's ongoing investigation, and undercut congressional probes.”
“The selective release and politicization of classified information sets a terrible precedent and will do long-term damage to the Intelligence Community and our law enforcement agencies. If potential intelligence sources know that their identities might be compromised when political winds arise, those sources of vital information will simply dry up, at great cost to our national security,” Schiff said. “The Republican document mischaracterizes highly sensitive classified information that few Members of Congress have seen, and which Chairman Nunes himself chose not to review.”
Democratic staff on the committee have prepared their own memo as a rebuttal to the Republican memo. It is expected to be publicly released in the coming weeks.
Comey, who Trump fired last year, tweeted on Friday that the Republican memo was “dishonest and misleading.”
Page, for his part, released a statement praising House Republicans for releasing the memo. “The brave and assiduous oversight by Congressional leaders in discovering this unprecedented abuse of process represents a giant, historic leap in the repair of America's democracy,” Page said. “Now that a few of the misdeeds against the Trump Movement have been partially revealed, I look forward to updating my pending legal action in opposition to DOJ this weekend in preparation for Monday's next small step on the long, potholed road toward helping to restore law and order in our great country.”
As early as 2013, Page — who lived in Moscow from 2004 to 2007, and traveled there during the presidential campaign — was known to have interacted with a Russian spy. The allegations of wrongdoing in the memo center around the FBI and the DOJ's apparent failure to “disclose or reference” the role the Democratic National Committee played in funding Steele's research in the applications to spy on Page, as well as accusations that Steele had become an unreliable source for the FBI.
“Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials,” the memo says.
The memo, citing a top DOJ official with whom Steele corresponded, says Steele “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being president,” and that “evidence of Steele's bias” was “not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications.”
“While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed his anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations,” the memo says.
Steele was motivated to bring his Trump research to the FBI by “professional obligations,” according to Glenn Simpson, the co-founder of Fusion GPS, the firm that commissioned the dossier. "I'm a former intelligence officer, and we're your closest ally,” Simpson, speaking to the House Intelligence Committee in November, recounted Steele saying. “You know, I have obligations, professional obligations. If there's a national security emergency or possible national security issue, I should report it."
The memo also confirms that the FBI opened its Russia investigation in July 2016 as a result of information regarding George Papadopoulos, another Trump campaign foreign policy adviser. The New York Times has reported that information Papadopoulos shared with the Australian ambassador to the United Kingdom was passed to the FBI, triggering the probe.
Congressional Republicans, much to the dismay of the Justice Department, have supported the release of the memo in hopes that it will show that the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential elections was biased in its early stages. Democrats contend the memo just cherry-picks information from the underlying intelligence it is based on.
And in a sharp rebuke to House Republicans on Wednesday, the FBI released a statement saying it has “grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.” It added, “The FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it.”
Trump authorized the declassification of the memo on Friday, telling reporters in the Oval Office, “A lot of people should be ashamed.” Earlier, he tweeted, “The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!”
Press secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement the memo was released "with input from the President's national security team—including law enforcement officials and members of the intelligence community, for whom the President has great respect."
Republican Sen. John McCain slammed what he said were “partisan attacks” on the FBI and DOJ. “Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” McCain said in a statement. “If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
When asked Friday if he would fire Rosenstein, who is overseeing special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, Trump said, “You figure that one out.”
The House Intelligence Committee voted Monday night to release the memo, sending the decision to Trump. The president had five days to object to the memo's release. If he didn't, the committee could then release the document.
On Tuesday, while he was leaving his State of the Union address, South Carolina Republican Rep. Jeff Duncan encouraged Trump to release the memo. “Oh, don't worry, 100 percent,” Trump responded. “Could you imagine?” Trump added, pointing to someone nearby. “He'd be too angry.”
And in a twist late Wednesday night, Schiff tweeted there were changes made to the memo before it was submitted to the White House for possible release.
However, Republicans on the committee said the changes were “minor edits,” like grammatical fixes.
Still, Democrats wanted to recall the memo from the White House, and the House's top Democrat, Nancy Pelosi, tweeted that the Republican chair of the House Intelligence Committee, Nunes, should be removed.
Tony's Meat Market in Central Falls prominently features a stack of “Nuevos Horizontes,” a local Spanish language newspaper. The paper's April 9 issue on display devoted two front-page stories to the potential impact of the 2020 census on the city's community members.
Providence County — which includes Rhode Island's largest cities — is currently the only active test site in the United States for the 2020 census. Local leaders have warned that the test run is experiencing low turnout rates due to poor funding, little publicity and the addition of a citizenship question to the 2020 census.
Test census and census stakes
On March 16, residents of Providence County were notified by mail and directed to fill out an online form available through July 31, according to New York Regional Director of the Census Bureau Jeffrey Behler, who oversees the test run. The census test consists of 10 questions and takes about 10 minutes to complete.
While three locations were originally selected as test sites for the census — Bluefield-Beckley-Oak Hill, West Virginia; Providence County, R.I.; and Pierce County, Washington — “due to budget issues,” the test run is only being conducted in Providence, Behler said. The demographically diverse county represents a “microcosm of the nation,” he added.
Though the 2018 test run count is not official, it provides a way to ensure that the mechanisms necessary to carry out the 2020 census are working properly and will attain an accurate count, Behler said. Providence County includes about 263,000 housing units, all of which will need to complete the census test. The official census carries significant political weight — in the 2015 fiscal year, 132 programs referenced U.S. Census Bureau data to determine the allocation ofover $675 billion in federal funding.
“We all need (federal) funding for public safety, health, education, housing and the allocation,” Central Falls Mayor James Diossa told The Herald. “Knowing how many people are in a community is important for (when) we allocate a budget or put together programming, and (it) needs to be accurate.”
Rhode Island is also in danger of losing one of its two congressional district seats. If the state is found to have 157 fewer residents than its last count, its representation will be cut in half, according to analyst Kimball Brace, working off data from 2017 population projections. Indeed, Rhode Island has the smallest average district size — 527,624 — of any state, according to the Providence Mayor's Office.
There has been no coordinated media or official publicity campaign in Rhode Island to inform the public of the census test, Behler confirmed.
“The only time I have interacted with the Census Bureau is to help them direct people to apply (to work) for the Census Bureau,” Diossa said. “There's really no information out there. There's nothing. It's almost as if it's being set up to fail.”
Providence Mayor Jorge Elorza has advertised the test run on social media and on monthly radio appearances to promote participation, according to Ben Smith, communications specialist for the Mayor's Office. In addition, the City of Providence has developed a Complete Count Committee, which establishes partnerships among institutions and organizations such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the Dorcas International Institute of Rhode Island and Brown.
“The members of the Complete Count Committee have been performing community outreach within the populations that they each serve,” Smith wrote in an email to The Herald.
“The important thing in the lead up to 2020 will be whether R.I. political leaders and the nonprofit community step up to encourage participation,” said John Marion, executive director of Common Cause Rhode Island, a non-partisan political accountability organization. This places an additional burden on municipalities to pick up the responsibilities.
Citizenship question and Central Falls turnout
But the U.S. Department of Commerce's March 26 announcement of its plans to reinstate a citizenship question on the 2020 census has alarmed local leaders about census turnout. The test census does not currently include a question on citizenship; nevertheless, community members are confused about whether it does and whether the 2020 census will feature the question, according to Steven Brown, executive director of the R.I. chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union.
“A question like this will suppress responses to the census,” Brown told The Herald. “I'm convinced this is not some negligent act on (the Trump Administration's) part. I think they fully understand the ramifications of placing that question on the census.”
The census has historically been racially biased in terms of the people it counts and those who go uncounted. For instance, while both the 2000 and the 2010 censuses saw the white population overcounted by around 1 percent, the Hispanic population was undercounted by well over 1 percent and the black population undercounted by over 2 percent, according to a review issued by the Census Bureau in 2012.
On a Saturday morning in Central Falls, a dozen adult students finished up their work in a GED mathematics class run by Progreso Latino, an advocacy organization.
“When I was at work, the first reaction people had (to the census) was, ‘I'm not doing it,'” said Yesenia Hawes, a student who works at a manufacturing plant. “People are afraid.”
Students have been asking their teachers about whether they should participate in any aspect of the census process, said Ester Acevedo, adult education coordinator of English for Speakers of Other Languages for Progreso Latino. She added that some of her neighbors are refusing to complete the census.
According to the 2016 American Community Survey, Latino individuals make up 63.8 percent of Central Fall's population . The citizenship question puts Central Falls authorities in a difficult position, Diossa said. He wants to encourage people to participate so that Central Falls can receive the benefits of federal resources. At the same time, he understands the legitimate fears that immigrant or undocumented individuals might have of not wanting to share their citizenship status with the federal government.
“The confusion around the census and the fear around it, we're afraid, is going to dissuade people from filling it out,” Elorza said in a statement.
“The Department of Commerce is not able to determine definitively how inclusion of a citizenship question on the decennial census will impact responsiveness,” wrote Department of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in a public letter that justified the inclusion of the citizenship question. “However, even if there is some impact on responses, the value of more complete and accurate data derived from surveying the entire population outweighs such concerns.”
States, meanwhile, are pushing back. Rhode Island has joined California, New York and 14 other states in a lawsuit against the government on the grounds that the question is unconstitutional.
“For the entire history of the republic, … it's always been the total number of persons — not citizens, not those who are legally residing in the United States,” Marion said. “People who aren't citizens still pay taxes, and the census helps determine how much those taxes come back to pay for the services that everyone consumes.” Article 1 of the Constitution states that all persons must be counted for the census, Marion added.
Both Elorza and Diossa stressed that the question politicized what was intended to be an apolitical process.
“The long-term of this inclusion (of the citizenship question) comes down to redistricting and gerrymandering,” Diossa said. “People want to be able to draw districts for elected offices, etc., and they know that there are states where they define the lines based on voter populations.”
“A lot of people who are not U.S. citizens or lawful permanent residents, they might be afraid that by sharing this info with the government, they might be hurt in some way,” said Tatyana Tsangarakis-Almeida, Citizenship and Immigration Services program director for the Dorcas International. “They have very basic concerns from when (President) Trump got elected.”
Diossa said that the Census Bureau needs to work closely with local community organizations to address the concerns of certain populations — such as undocumented people — that might be wary of participating.
Looking ahead to 2020
Behler declined to comment or speculate on the citizenship question's impact on the test run or the 2020 census. However, in response to concerns about publicity and community outreach, Behler noted that in 2020, the Census Bureau will have over 1,000 “partnership specialists” to help assist mayors and organizations administer the census.
“While I certainly understand their concerns, 2020 is going to be completely different when it comes to the ability to provide resources and staff for messaging,” Behler said. “We'll have a national media campaign, a local media campaign, we'll have national partnerships. The goal of this test is to really test the system and the interface with the public, not the partnership program or the media program.”
The 2019 fiscal year budget summary for the Census Bureau calls for additional funding in order for the test to be administered effectively.
“The scope and design of the 2020 census can no longer be altered,” the report noted. “If the Census Bureau does not receive the funding requested for the entirety of this work, the quality of the 2020 census will suffer.”
Behler remains optimistic both about the test run and the upcoming nationwide census.
Census enumerators will follow up with households or individuals who have not responded with in-person visits from May 9 to July 24. Group quarters — places where individuals are housed together, like prisons, universities and assisted living centers — will be counted between July 18 and Aug. 24.
College students who attend most of the state's universities will not be living on campus during the enumeration period, Behler said. However, for the 2020 census, enumerators will likely visit college campuses around January and February, he added.
Students living off-campus in Providence County are currently able to respond to the census survey online, Behler said.
“Given that we don't have a robust media campaign … seeing the response we're getting so far is fantastic,” Behler said. “The system is working.”
A cross will be hanging in all Bavarian government authority buildings from June 1, following a decision by the state cabinet.
The symbol is meant to signal a Christian cultural identity, according to Bavarian Minister President Markus Söder.
“The cross is not the sign of a religion,” he said after the cabinet meeting.
In order to safeguard against possible lawsuits over breach of neutrality, the cross will not need to be displayed in classrooms or other rooms of public building but only in the foyer. As people will only be passing through entrance areas, it could not be deemed to cause offence, Bavaria's minister for interior Joachim Herrmann said.
The new law will only apply to state government buildings, although local authorities have also been encouraged to follow suit.
Translation: Clear commitment to our Bavarian identity and Christian values. Today Cabinet decided that a cross should be displayed in each state authority building from 1 June. Immediately after the meeting, I hung a cross in the entrance of the State Chancellery.
Political manouevering
While Catholic organisations welcomed the move, opposition politicians accused Söder of political point scoring ahead of the local elections in October.
The argument the law was not religiously motivated but cultural did not convince many on Twitter. Users voiced their opposition, some commenting that the law goes against the separation of church and state, and accusing the state's government of trying to turn back the clock. However, the law did strike the right note with some, who equated the crucifix with the wearing of the Muslim hijab, and the selling of Halal meat
And Twitter being what it is obviously had some comedy comebacks, ripping into the official tweet of Söder brandishing the cross now hanging in the Chancellery.
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another freshman point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. He made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in his tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has him fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything he could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
With internet traffic set to double again before the current batch of routers is obsolete, Nokia is turning to new silicon to help upgrade core networks.
IDG
With internet traffic set to triple over the next five years or so, according to recent estimates from Nokia and Cisco Systems, Nokia thinks the time is right for a new range of high-end routers that can boost core capacity by a factor of six -- and even help 10-year-old devices to double their capacity.
Nokia predicts that by 2022, total internet traffic will reach 330 exabytes per month. (That's 330 million terabytes). For its part, Cisco forecasts it will grow at 24 percent per year from a base of 96 exabytes per month in 2016 to 278 exabytes per month in 2021.
That traffic growth will be driven by three things, according to Nokia: cloud services, 5G mobile networks, and the internet of things.
In a recent report on securing IoT, Cisco predicted there will be 50 billion connected devices by 2020; Nokia reckons there will be 100 billion IoT devices by 2025, up from 12 billion in 2017.
Protecting those billions of IoT devices against misuse will be vital if they are not to be turned against us. That's already a problem, with millions of connected cameras and home routers being subverted in recent months and used to launch DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks. Cisco expects the number of DDoS attacks to grow from around 1.25 million in 2016 to 3.1 million in 2021. Nokia is more alarmist: It expects 10 million such attacks in 2017 alone -- although this may reflect different definitions of the level of traffic required to effectively deny service.
All that raises the question, if internet use -- and misuse -- is going to grow so fast, how on earth are we going to route it?
Nokia's answer to that is a new chip, the FP4, which can process up to 2.4 terabits per second. It's based on the FP3 chip Nokia already uses, but combines several of them into a single package.
Pack several of these on the same circuit board and the end result is a line card capable of 12 Tbps. In a new router, these cards are able to handle six times the traffic of the model they replace, but according to Steve Vogelsang, CTO for Nokia's IP and optical business, they can be slotted into routers up to 10 years old as well. There, they can double the capacity of the 7750 SR-12 Service Router, for example, and even treble the capacity of the slightly newer 7750 SR-12e.
The latest addition to the range, the single-shelf Nokia 7750 SR-14s, will be able to handle up to 144 Tbps when it goes on sale in the fourth quarter.
At the same time, Nokia is also introducing the 7950 XRS-XC Extensible Routing System, which it somewhat optimistically describes as "petabit-class." The actual specification is almost as impressive: up to 576 terabits (just over half a petabit) per second in a single system, achieved through chassis extension without the need for switching shelves.
Another benefit of the new FP4 chip is its ability to stream traffic statistics to an external analytics system, such as Nokia's recently acquired Deepfield IP network analytics system. That's how Nokia expects the new routers to help spot DDoS attacks and other nefarious activity. The chips can also perform stateless packet inspection, allowing further insight into traffic problems.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:15 Watch the preparation before using helicopters to drop bags of rock into hole at Oroville Dam
0:49 Evacuees jam Marysville gas stations
0:37 Tempers flare in Marysville traffic
0:55 Evacuees wait to fill gas tanks at Quik Stop on Hwy 99 and Bogue Road
1:10 Shelter quickly fills with Oroville dam evacuees
James O'Neil/Getty Images
It was a day in late June, gray and depressing, with clouds hanging low. My husband and I were driving to Nova Scotia, Canada, for a much-needed vacation. We traveled glumly, hoping to reach rest and dinner before the rain came. Suddenly, on a lonely stretch of highway, the storm struck. Cascades of water shut us in, making driving impossible. We pulled off onto the shoulder of the road and stopped.
Then, as though someone had turned off a celestial faucet, it ended. A thin radiance, like a spray of gold, spread from the clouds. Every blade of grass was crystalline as the sun flashed on trembling drops. The very road shone, and a rainbow arched across the sky. It was as though this beam of color had been built for us alone. We could hardly speak for awe and joy.
A friend of mine has described a similar experience. She had walked out on a lonely beach at twilight. It was a time of grief for her, and loneliness was what she wanted. Offshore, across the darkening sea, she made out the image of an anchored fishing boat, and in it the figure of a man. My friend told me that after a while, she felt an intense and glowing sense of oneness with that silent figure. It was as though sea and sky and night and those two solitary human beings were united in a kind of profound identity. “I was overtaken by joy,” she said.
Most of us have experienced such lighted moments, when we seem to understand ourselves and the world and, for a single instant, know the loveliness of living beings. But these moments vanish quickly, and we are almost embarrassed to admit that they have ever been.
However, psychologist Abraham Maslow of Brandeis University embarked some years ago on a study of average individuals and found that a great many report such experiences—“moments of great awe; moments of the most intense happiness or even rapture, ecstasy, or bliss.”
In his files, for example, is the story of a young mother. Getting breakfast for her family, she hurried about the kitchen pouring orange juice and coffee, spreading jam on toast. The children were chattering; the sun streamed in on their faces; her husband was playing with the littlest one. All was usual. But as she looked at them, she was suddenly so overcome by how much she loved them that she could scarcely speak for joy.
Here, too, is the story of a man who remembers a day when he went swimming alone and recalls “the crazy, childish joy with which he cavorted in the water like a fish.” He was so overwhelmed by his great happiness at being “so perfectly physical” that he shouted again and again with joy.
Apparently almost anything may serve as the impetus of such a ­feeling—stars shine on new snow; a sudden field of daffodils; a moment in marriage when hand reaches out to hand in the realization that this other person speaks as you speak, feels as you feel. Joy may wait, too, just beyond danger when you have enough to face a situation and live it out. Whatever the source, such experiences provide the most memorable moments of life.
Content continues below ad
Joy is much more than happiness. It is “exultation of spirit,” says the dictionary, “gladness; delight; a state of felicity.” Awe and a sense of mystery are part of it; so are humility and gratitude. Suddenly we are keenly aware of every living thing—every leaf, flower, cloud, the mayfly hovering over the pond, the crow cawing in the treetop. “O world, I cannot hold thee close enough!” cried the poet Edna St. Vincent Millay in such a moment.
The most important thing in these peak experiences, says Maslow, is the feeling of these people that they had really glimpsed “the essence of things, the secret of life, as if veils had been pulled aside.”
We see, too, the unity of things—a dazzling vision of the kinship we all have with one another and with the universal life around us. Everyone who has ever had such a moment has noted this quality of “melting into.”
The sad thing is that it happens to most of us so rarely. As we grow older, our lives become buried under the pressures of the workaday world. Joy is not likely to come to us when we are going round and round the tormenting circle of our own busyness.
Instead, it seems that when life's transiency and frailty are omnipresent, what we have grows sweeter. I remember finding myself seated beside an old gentleman on a train some years ago. He sat quietly looking out the window. His eyes searched each leaf, each cloud, the lines of passing houses, the upturned faces of children watching the train go by.
“It is beautiful, isn't it?” I ventured at last, intrigued by his absorption.
“Yes,” he said. Then he smiled and waved a hand at a passing hay wagon. “See,” he said. “Hay going to the barn.” And he made it sound as though there could be no greater event than a wagonload of hay on its way to the mow.
He saw the question in my face. “You think it's strange,” he said, “that just a hay wagon means so much. But you see, last week the doctor told me I have three months to live. Ever since, everything has looked so beautiful, so important to me. You can't imagine how beautiful! I feel as if I had been asleep and had only just woken up.”
Perhaps we're more likely to experience a moment of joy if we can admit there is more to life than we have fathomed; if we can acknowledge a world greater than our own. To be sure, the experience of joy is not necessarily religious in a conventional way. But a characteristic is the feeling people have that they have touched the hem of something far beyond themselves.
In my own life, there was a moment of special exaltation. En route by plane to the Midwest, we were flying at a high altitude, and a continent of shining clouds spread beneath us. Often, before and since, I have watched these radiant towers and hillocks of cloud go by. But this time, the scene was haunted by a strange joy so penetrating that the plane seemed not to be there.
I thought of myself as living and walking in a land like that, and I knew in a flash of deep illumination that there was in the universe a light, a stuff, a web, a substance in company with which one would never be lonely. The experience left the compelling certainty that we dwell safely in a universe far more personal, far more human, far more tender than we are.
What if these moments of joy are given to us to reveal that this is the way we are meant to live? What if the clarity of joy is the way we should be seeing all the time? To many people, it seems almost wicked to feel this radiance in a world threatened as ours is. But most generations have known uncertainty and challenge and peril. The more grievous the world, the more we need to remember the luminous beauty at the center of life. Our moments of joy are proof that at the heart of darkness an unquenchable light shines.
Joy is the feeling that we have touched the hem of something far beyond ourselves.
Barely four months into her tenure as chief executive of GlaxoSmithKline, Emma Walmsley is showing her determination to focus the pharmaceutical company's research and development efforts. Having said she would cut more than 30 drug development programmes, she told the FT last week that GSK would stop its scientists “drifting off in hobbyland” rather than producing blockbuster medicines.
Such attention to discipline is welcome — and not only by investors, who have complained about R&D underperformance. Too often, the dark side of many chief executives' policy of launching brave new initiatives is a reluctance to be ruthless about reviewing and killing flagging projects. Even Google, which can afford to allow for more drift than drugmakers, periodically announces “spring-cleaning”, throwing out even products beloved of users.
The GSK chief executive's resolve raises interesting questions, however, about how companies can best encourage invention and innovation.
Sometimes, studies show, you have to allow your brainiest staff to spend time in hobbyland, where they might serendipitously stumble across the next big thing. Companies such as 3M (whose Post-it notes may be the highest-profile example of unexpected invention) and Google are frequently applauded for giving staff time to think freely.
As Sir George Buckley, former 3M chief executive, once said, the best innovations benefit from a hard-to-measure sprinkling of “pixie dust”. Focus too tightly on highly commercial products and you may sweep that dust away. Some critics accused Sir George's predecessor James McNerney, who brought fierce efficiency management in from General Electric in 2001, of undermining 3M's long-term creativity, even while improving the industrial group's financial returns.
Big pharmaceutical companies starkly illustrate this dilemma of where to strike the balance between focus and freedom.
Take a proven concept in drugmaking and develop a variation on it and you limit your risk — and your return. But gamble on a breakthrough blockbuster to treat, say, Alzheimer's disease, and a failed late-stage trial or regulatory veto can set at naught the time and money invested.
Ms Walmsley has acknowledged this ambiguity by simultaneously implying that GSK has recently shied away from risk. She declared that the company had become “afraid of making big bets . . . on science”.
Wagers on blockbusters and rigorous priorities are obviously not mutually exclusive. Some research suggests that imposing constraints on maverick inventors can even encourage them. Shuji Nakamura, the Nobel Prize-winning inventor of the blue light-emitting diode, achieved his breakthrough while working against express orders from his superiors to desist. The key is to combine ambition and scope for exploration with what the management thinker Peter Drucker called “systematic abandonment”, regularly reviewing all initiatives against your criteria.
As a senior GSK executive since 2010, Ms Walmsley has a stake in some of the decisions she is now reversing. But her predecessor Sir Andrew Witty might point out that it is much easier to carry out a cull on projects you did not launch yourself.
The real test for any chief executive, as Ms Walmsley's experienced peers in other industries know well, is whether they can stick to their bold promise to focus when it involves sacrificing their own personal capital.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Former Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was charged in court Wednesday with criminal breach of trust and corruption, two months after a multibillion-dollar graft scandal at a state investment fund led to his shock election defeat.
He pleaded not guilty to all charges. “I claim trial,” he said in a barely audible voice as he stood in the dock at the High Court in Kuala Lumpur. Prosecutors have demanded $1 million bail.
The patrician and luxury-loving Najib, wearing a suit and a red tie, appeared calm and smiled as he was escorted into the court complex. He had been arrested Tuesday by anti-graft officials over a suspicious transfer of 42 million ringgits ($10.4 million) into his bank accounts from SRC International, a former unit of the 1MDB state investment fund that U.S. investigators say was looted of billions by associates of Najib.
He was charged with abuse of power leading to gratification under Malaysia's anti-corruption law and three counts of criminal breach of trust. Each charge has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison. Whipping is also a penalty but Najib would be exempt because of his age.
Najib, 64, has accused Malaysia's new government of seeking “political vengeance.”
In a recorded video posted on social media hours after his arrest, Najib apologized to Malaysians but remained defiant.
“As a normal human being, I am not perfect but believe me, that the accusations against me and my family are not all true,” he said.
New Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad reopened investigations into 1MDB that were stifled under Najib's rule.
Najib set up 1MDB when he took power in 2009 but the fund amassed billions in debts and is being investigated in the U.S. and several other countries.
He and his wife were questioned last month over the SRC case by the anti-graft agency and have both been barred from leaving the country. Police have also seized jewelry and valuables valued at more than 1.1 billion ringgit ($272 million) from properties linked to Najib.
U.S. investigators say $4.5 billion was stolen and laundered from 1MDB by Najib's associates, including some $700 million that landed in Najib's bank account.
Najib's laywer Muhammad Shafee Abdullah asked for the case to be expedited.
Najib “is anxious to clear his name,” he told the High Court. “We are pretty confident about this case.”
Bridget Welsh, a Southeast Asia expert at John Cabot University in Rome, said Najib's arrest was the “inevitable outcome” after he lost power.
“It shows the resolve of the new government to address previous abuses of power. It has been done judiciously so far and speaks to a needed reckoning for Malaysia and a key step toward a cleaner governance,” she said in an email.
Malaysia's new attorney general, Tommy Thomas, will head the prosecution in the case.
Euro-Area Business Lose Confidence as Global Growth Comes to Peak
German business confidence plunged the most in almost a year as global growth appears to come off its peak. Bloomberg News Carolynn Look reports from Germany on "Bloomberg Markets: The Open." (Source: Bloomberg)
Comment:
Name:
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands, with the likes of Toys R Us, Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down.
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses, while eateries Prezzo and Jamie's Italian are also shutting some of their branches.
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets, it's likely these won't be the last closures of 2018.
Here are a few other big brands we've bid farewell to over the years.
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties, the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure.
Allders department store closed down in 2005, after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman, owner of the fashion chain Jaegar, but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013.
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n' mix sweets, school clothing and stationary offering, Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008, after struggling with £385 million of debt.
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs.
Renting videos, DVD and games is now a thing of the past, thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school, but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about.
It was once the place go for entertainment, but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more.
Lewis's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856, Lewis's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world's first Christmas grotto in 1879, entitled 'Christmas Fairyland'.
The company went into administration several times over the years, but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands.
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading, but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands.
However, a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices.
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment, but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later.
Rival retailer, Sports Direct, bought the brand name, website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million, saving around 550 jobs.
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading.
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments.
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK, but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009, although its website is still up and running today.
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets, Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009, with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores.
Derby Rail Manufacturer Bids To Make HS2 Trains
Derby-based rail manufacturer Bombardier's submitting a joint bid with another girl to build HS2 trains in Britain.
Bombardier and Hitachi Rail announced that they will form a joint venture to compete for the £2.75 billion contract to design, build and maintain at least 54 new high-speed trains.
Manufacturing would be expected to be split between Derby and Hitachi's factory in Newton Aycliffe, County Durham.
The firms, which also have maintenance facilities across Britain, employ more than 5,000 people in the country.
They had previously submitted separate bids for the contract.
Bombardier and Hitachi described themselves as a "tried and tested high-speed team", having already built a high-speed train for Italy.
The latter built the original Shinkansen bullet train in Japan in 1964 and continues to develop updated versions.
Hitachi managing director Karen Boswell said the firms will "draw on a huge wealth of UK experience".
She added: "Our aim is to deliver a new British icon that will be recognised around the world - a Spitfire for the British railway."
Her UK counterpart at Bombardier, Richard Hunter, said: "We will combine both companies' global high-speed expertise with unrivalled British experience, and help generate skills and prosperity across a number of UK regions."
The formal tendering process is due to start later this year, with the winner announced in late 2019.
The trains will be used for phase 1 of the £55.7 billion high-speed railway, which will link London and Birmingham from December 2026.
They will also serve destinations on conventional lines beyond the core HS2 network, including York, Newcastle, Liverpool, Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Four other bidders have also been shortlisted - Alstom Transport, Patentes Talgo, Siemens and CAF.
On January 23, 2018, Savannah-Chatham County police went to the home of 20-year-old Ricky Jerome Boyd. He was a suspect in the murder of a 24-year-old man on January 21, 2018. According to The New York Post, “Occupants of the home were told to come outside, the GBI said in a news release, and when Boyd emerged, he confronted officers with what looked like a handgun. Boyd was shot several times by officers after he ignored their verbal warnings and raised the weapon, which was later determined to be a ‘BB air gun' powered by carbon-dioxide, the GBI said. Boyd died later at a hospital.” An officer suffered gunshot wounds but when asked in January “whether Wilson [the officer] was struck by gunfire fired by other law enforcement officers, Bodrey said: ‘It's still being investigated.'”
SEE ALSO: Calls For Starbucks Boycott After The Company's Weak Apology For A Racist Arrest
Months later, the body-cam footage hasn't been released and Ricky's mother Jameillah Smiley is demanding answers. In an interview with PBS, she revealed she has been the body-cam video and Boyd was surrendering and not engaging in a shoot out, as the police claimed, “He was wiping his eye. And he walked out, presented his arms out, like he was surrendering, turned to his left, and he was immediately shot, falling forward to the ground.” She also said there was no BB gun in his hand.
As for her son being a murder suspect, Smiley said, “The local detectives here also have been back to my home. And, no, they have said that my son — they know my son not — have not committed this murder. So, I don't know why they have not come forth and cleared my son's name. But they know my son didn't commit that murder.” She also added, “He was innocent, he was a good person, and that he didn't commit any of those things that these officers are saying. He never shot at a cop. He never committed a murder. And my son's life is taken.” Jameillah is demanding the body-cam footage be released. Savannah-Chatham County police declined to comment to PBS.
Sadly, this sounds like another case of corrupt police trying to cover their tracks. Considering the history of the blue wall of silence, we are more inclined to believe the mother rather than the cops. The body-cam footage should have been released within weeks. Watch a clip of the interview below:
"I'm three months into his killing and have yet to receive an autopsy" or "any type of information concerning my son's killing," Jameillah Smiley, the mother of Ricky Boyd, says in her first national TV interview. Boyd was shot and killed by Savannah, Ga., police in January. pic.twitter.com/7wm71SdyZm — PBS NewsHour (@NewsHour) April 23, 2018
SEE ALSO:
Forgive But Don't Forget: Remembering Those Times When Barbara Bush Waded Into The Waters Of Race
Billy Graham's Complicated Relationship With Black America, Explained
Woman Shouts N-Word, Literally Stops The Show At ‘Black Panther' NJ Screening
A Borders fitness fanatic has become only the third Scot ever to reach the final of one the country's toughest gameshows.
Kelso's Ali Hay, 28, made it through to the semi-final stage of Ninja Warrior UK at the weekend, despite having to be rushed to a hospital accident-and-emergency unit following his run on the show.
Kelso's Ali Hay in the semi final of Ninja Warrior UK.
He might have made it look easy to viewers, but Ali had to spend the evening after his appearance recovering in hospital suffering from exhaustion, brought on by an asthma attack.
Despite that, he is delighted to have secured his spot in the final 15, out of more than 35,000 people auditioned to test their strength, speed and personality on the tough assault course.
He joins Scottish Commonwealth Games gold medal-winning gymnast Steve Frew and 13 others in the final, to be shown on ITV on Saturday.
Ali said: “It was ridiculous. It was a really long day. We were in the studio from 7.30am, and I don't think I did my run until about 5pm.
Kelso's Ali Hay and Scottish gymnast Steve Frew reach the finals of Ninja Warrior UK.
“I had not been paying attention to my body and hadn't eaten much all day. Between the nerves and excitement, I wasn't aware of the time, and the hours flew past. As soon as I went out to do my run, I knew something wasn't right.
“I almost failed the wall obstacle three times. I could barely see or feel my body, and due to lack of my body's stable calories, I started suffering from exhaustion, then a mild asthma attack.
“I have had asthma my entire life and have known how to deal with it, but about halfway through my run, you can see me really struggling.
“I was put straight on oxygen, but it took a while for my heart rate to stabilise due to a combination of things, adrenalin highs and lows and thus the mild asthma attack.”
Ali finished his course in two minutes 48 seconds, quick enough for him to progress through to the final 15 with the eighth fastest time but not before an agonising wait for the doctors to give him the all-clear for his time to stand.
“I probably could have shaved 30 or 40 seconds off my time had I been with it,” he said.
“You can see I'm just absolutely done by the end and was still panting 10 minutes after when talking to Ben Shephard.”
Ali watched his appearance at home in Kelso with friends, along with almost 3.9m others across the UK, but again he has to keep tight-lipped about what comes next as his run in the final won't be shown until this Saturday.
“The final is a completely different kettle of fish,” he hinted. “It really steps things up a gear and is the hardest-ever run on Ninja Warrior UK.”
Ali added: “The run was so tough, but it was a fun course, a great crowd and a good atmosphere backstage.
“I am really chuffed with everybody's support. Hopefully, it's been a good shout to all the asthmatics out there too.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
NEW YORK (CBSMiami/AP) — Many of Donald Trump's cultural touchstones which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on social media were at the peak in the 1980s.
It's the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, “The Art of the Deal” was published and he first flirted with running for public office.
The “Go Go 1980s” of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities he stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove himself across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with him during that formative decade.
“He would relentlessly promote himself in the newspapers or on TV. He knew how to get press and squash his enemies,” said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s “has long been a part of who Trump is,” Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, he opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
He fashioned himself into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as he promoted his personal brand. He also took his first steps onto the national media stage, making his debut on “60 Minutes” in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in his heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a “60 Minutes” segment he had just watched and he gave his first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity businessman, who complained in recent years that he wasn't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. He called it a “very, very great honor.” That marked his eighth time on the cover this year alone — something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. He has taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during his campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. He first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
“One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?” Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as “a phenomenal person” despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at his Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity businessman. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of his fame in the 1980s with the shows “Happy Days” and “Charles in Charge.” And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone — who starred in three “Rambo” movies and two “Rocky” sequels in the 1980s — was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after he opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as he first floated running for president, he took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was “paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves.” His frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In “The Art of the Deal,” he voiced positions on trade he still holds today. That book, which made him a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career — and, decades later, his bombastic campaign for the White House.
“I play into people's fantasies,” he wrote. “People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular.”
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
An Angus boy is set to go without technology in a fundraising bid.
Tom Bruce, 13, from Monifieth, will go without a phone, tablet, computer, console, TV or any other electronic device for a whole day in an effort to fund a new scoreboard at his cricket club.
The new equipment costs £5,000 and Tom hopes to make a dent in that total by forgoing technology.
A spokesman for the club said: “There's been a huge amount of work going on at Mackays Forthill, home to Forfarshire Cricket Club, to bring the ground back to past glories.
“There will be lots of high profile domestic and women's cricket played there this summer but the ground can't host an international game until it can put an electronic scoreboard in place.
“These are pretty pricy, so that's a bit of a block at the moment.
“However, Tom Bruce, u/15 player and 1st XI scorer, has decided to try to do something about this.
“He previously raised just over £200 to replace the scoreboard windows — after complaining he couldn't see out of them to score — by doing a sponsored silence.
“An electronic scoreboard is a bigger deal, though, so the challenge has to be harder.
“Tom is taking on the challenge of a tech free Sunday.
“Anyone who knows teenage boys — and especially Tom ‘Techmeister' Bruce — will know how sore this will be.
“Tom will use no tech — no phone, tablet, computer, console or TV — between 9am and 6pm on April 30.
“Please support this attempt — any and all donations will be gratefully received.”
To support Tom's bid, people can visit: justgiving.com/crowdfunding/electronic-scoreboard-forfs
Updates will be provided throughout the day on the Ferry Forfs Facebook and Twitter pages.
Airbus braced for ‘significant penalties' in corruption cases
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
SHARE COPY LINK California State Parks fenced off about 20 acres in the Oceano Dunes State Vehicle Recreation Area in January 2018 to add native plants in an effort to control dust. David Middlecamp The Tribune
California State Parks fenced off about 20 acres in the Oceano Dunes State Vehicle Recreation Area in January 2018 to add native plants in an effort to control dust. David Middlecamp The Tribune
An Arizona man has been arrested for selling armor-piercing bullets to the 1 October shooter.
Douglas Haig was initially named a second person of interest in the shooting, earlier this week. Police found his name, address, and fingerprints at the crime scene.
According to the FBI, Haig sold armor-piercing ammunition to people across the country without a license.
"Analysis of the sales records and documents recovered from Haig's residence reflects more than one hundred instances of documented sales of (armor piercing), (armor piercing incendiary), or (high explosive armor piercing incendiary) ammunition," wrote FBI Special Agent Christopher W. McPeak.
FBI agents also interviewed three people in Nevada who they say purchased armor-piercing ammunition from Haig.
Info on three other people in Nevdada who purchased armor-piercing ammunition from Douglas Haig.#1October #LasVegasShooting pic.twitter.com/lcs6Py2CPA — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) February 3, 2018
On Friday morning, prior to his arrest, Haig spoke to reporters at his attorney's office in Chandler, Arizona.
Haig said he sold ammunition as a "hobby" and did not notice "anything that would set off an alarm" with Stephen Paddock.
Haig did not mention anything about incendiary ammunition or armor-piercing ammunition, nor was he asked any questions about those types of ammunition. He said Paddock only purchased tracer ammunition.
FOX5 first reported Haig's connection to incendiary ammunition on Tuesday.
"What (Paddock) bought was surplus US military tracer ammunition," Haig said. "600 rounds, 7.62mm NATO M62, manufactured by Lake City. 120 rounds, 5.56mm M196, manufactured by Lake City, in the original packaging."
Nick Goyak, an Army veteran and employee at Ventura Munitions in Las Vegas, said he does not believe Paddock fired tracer ammunition.
Tracer ammunition typically creates a red streak through the air, behind the bullet being fired.
"In the back, there's actually a cavity where they place the pyrotechnic material," Goyak described. "Most of the time, out here, people are using them more or less for fun. It's a nice little light show."
Haig's fingerprints were found on armor-piercing incendiary ammunition inside Paddock's Mandalay Bay hotel room.
LVMPD will not say whether any of those rounds were fired. — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) February 3, 2018
I've read all 58 autopsies. The doctors do not go into intricate detail on the bullets.
In some cases they were only able to recover fragments.
In some cases the bullet went through and through.
In other cases simply wrote "jacketed projectile" or "deformed projectile" https://t.co/IcVcJgUYQC — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) February 3, 2018
"(Paddock) said that he was going to go out to the desert and put on a light show either with or for his friends," Haig said.
“His ammunition was not used, but it probably would have been less of a tragedy, fewer people would have died if that tracer ammunition had been used,” said Marc J. Victor, Haig's defense attorney.
Goyak said he believes armor-piercing incendiary ammunition could have been used by Paddock to shoot jet fuel tanks next to the Route 91 Harvest Festival grounds.
Did Stephen Paddock use incendiary ammunition, or armor-piercing incendiary ammunition, to try and explode jet fuel tanks next to the Route 91 Harvest Festival?
Was it the same ammunition provided by aerospace engineer Douglas Haig? pic.twitter.com/tUCQO4iOgl — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) February 3, 2018
"It creates heat to get penetration through armor," he described. "He was shooting at the airport. He was trying to hit the gas tanks out there. Utilizing something that has more piercing ability would definitely benefit what he was trying to accomplish... He would have to have had a different set up to get the outcome that he would have wanted."
Haig was arrested and released. Per the terms of his release, he is no longer allowed to sell or handle firearms and ammunition.
Since he was named a person of interest, Haig said he has been receiving death threats.
“I've had people pounding on my door," he said. "One woman screaming through my door that I should be killed, and I should die. It's been not a lot of fun, quite frankly.”
If convicted, Haig could face the statutory maximum penalty of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine, or both.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Reena Bitten By A Dog
Since the injury was severe, the actress was rushed to the hospital. The actress had told an entertainment portal that she has not been shooting since four days and she had said that the injury will take at least month's time to heal.
The Makers Were Compelled To Replace Reena
Now, since the actress is unable to shoot, the makers were compelled to find a replacement. According to TOI report, the actress too, was not happy with her track.
Reena Threw A Fit Over Her Screen Time
A source was quoted by TOI as saying, "Reena would often throw a fit over her screen time. In fact, she had put in her papers last month and was serving notice. Her exit is amicable. It's unfortunate that the dog attack happened, and the production house is taking care of her medical expenses."
The Actress Wasn't Happy With Her Track
Reena agreed that she was not happy with her track. She was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I had even shared my concern with the makers. My character was becoming a tad unrelatable."
Reena Discussed With The Creative Team
She added, "Can't an artiste, who has worked on several shows, have such disagreements? I discussed it with the creative team and they even assured me that they would work on it."
The Actress Needs At Least Two Weeks To Recover
"However, I was bitten by a dog and needed at least two weeks to recover. It's a deep wound and I have been advised against stepping out in the sun. My family is here to take care of me, as my husband is expected to travel abroad for work."
‘A Lot Of Painful Things Have Happened To Me'
She further added, "A lot of painful things have happened to me and I don't want to delve too much into it. I will speak at the right time." Apparently, Patrali Chattopadhyay has replaced Reena on the show.
Patrali Chattopadhyay Replaces Reena Agarwal
Patrali was last seen on Porus, in which she played a cameo role. The actress confirmed about her entry on Kya Haal Mr Paanchal, but was unaware of what happened to Reena.
Patrali Unaware Of What Happened To Reena
Patrali Chattopadhyay was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "I have no idea about what has happened to Reena. I have been told that she is unwell."
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Residents in parts of Tavua are advised to store up on water. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 12:14PM RESIDENTS in parts of Tavua are advised to store up on water as the area experiences power outage.
Water supply was disrupted from 9am today and should be restored later this evening.
Areas affected include Malele, Balata, Mataniwai, Waikatakata and Korovou.
The Water Authority of Fiji has advised its customers to use water wisely for their immediate needs during this period.
Supply is expected to be restored at 5.30pm.
Customers who have further queries can call 3346777 or on mobile short code 5777; or email: contact@waf.com.fj.
President Barack Obama and the first lady shared a bittersweet goodbye — and a few laughs — in their final Christmas video message to the country released Saturday. (Published Sunday, Dec. 25, 2016)
As his time in the Oval Office comes to an end, President Barack on Monday gave the country a preview of the farewell address he will deliver in Chicago on Jan. 10, a mere 10 days before President-elect Donald Trump is to be sworn in.
Obama, in a written statement, explained that the American people have helped him lead during his presidency, a theme he plans to highlight in his speech.
"I'm thinking about [my remarks] as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thought on where we all go from here," he wrote.
The sitting president offered encouragement to his fellow Americans, who he said have hit obstacles since he took office.
Turkey Nightclub Attack Kills 39 on New Year's Eve
Thirty-nine people were killed in an attack when a gunman opened fire on New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub on Jan. 1, 2017. Reports said the assailant was dressed in a Santa Claus costume. (Published Sunday, Dec. 1, 2017)
"Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger," he said. "That's because we have never let go of a belief that has guided us ever since our founding — our conviction that, together, we can change this country for the better.
The U.S. president's farewell address, Obama noted, is a tradition that dates back to 1796, when George Washington said goodbye to Americans before transferring power to his successor, John Adams.
Cellphone video shows Nikolas Cruz planning Douglas school shooting Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office
In Las Vegas, fans basked in the Golden Knights' historic win on Sunday. Thousands cheered on the team outside T-Mobile Arena. But it seemed the celebration stretched to every corner of the valley.
Outside T-Mobile, fans raised their towels and phones as the clock hit zero. And thousands witnessed history.
Many fans are still in shock their beloved Golden Knights are doing the impossible.
“We had been the team that no one thought was going to make it to the Cup,” one fan said.
If you weren't on board before, fans said there's no denying it now: this team is something special.
“As soon as we swept the Kings, beat the Sharks, I saw us beating the Jets,” another fan said.
Just as quickly as the game ended, fans rushed to the stores to get their Knights gear. T-shirts, hats, cups, posters, anything with a Golden Knights logo on it flew off the shelves.
“If you told us at the beginning of the season, we'd still be playing in May, I don't think anyone would have believed you,” fan Becky Richey said. “So I had to come down here and get a piece of history.”
Dicks Sporting Goods stayed open late to sell championship gear. And fans flocked to the Arsenal at City National Arena.
Fans cannot wait to show off their Golden Knights pride as the Knights embark on their quest to meet Lord Stanley.
The Arsenal at CAN sell out of championship shirts and hats in just a couple of hours. But the store expects to have more, Monday morning.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Bloomberg's Lisa Abramowicz is in for Tom Keene while he's off on a tropical vacation. On today's show, Isaac Boltansky, Compass Point Research Director of Policy Research, says the data suggests the Democrats have a tailwind at their back heading into midterms. Bob Michele, JPMorgan Asset Management Chief Investment Officer & Head of Global Fixed Income, Currency, & Commodities, says he can't remember a time when corporate America had as much financial flexibility as it does now. Paul Sweeney, Bloomberg Intelligence Head of North American Research, reports Facebook is ramping up their spending to protect user data. Mark Travis, Intrepid Capital Management President & CEO, says he's opportunistic when it comes to his allocations.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar. For additional Bloomberg podcasts, see {BPOD }. -- Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560
Running time 31:51
The plan for a scrappage scheme that targets the oldest diesel cars and the most polluted areas are being drawn up for consideration by ministers.
It is expected to be included in the UK Government's proposals to tackle air pollution that will be published this week.
The UK Government is said to be considering the introduction of payments between £1,000 and £2,000 for the oldest diesel cars that drivers agree to scrap in exchange for buying new, lower-emission vehicles, reports The Times.
UChicago students Nick Posegay, AB'16, and Elysa Bryen were looking for a chance to challenge their learning of Arabic and bring together other students looking to expand their understanding of the notoriously difficult language. So they launched their own publication at the University of Chicago written entirely in Arabic.
Majalla, the Arabic word for “magazine,” published its first issue in January, and students in Near Eastern Languages and Civilizations are preparing the next edition for later this quarter.
“In the department there are lots of opportunities to speak and write in class, but there aren't a lot of outside opportunities,” said Bryen, a fourth-year. “We really wanted to push our Arabic to another level.”
The idea for Majalla came from Osama Abu-Eledam, a lecturer in Arabic at UChicago. Bryen and Posegay began designing the magazine last spring. While studying in Morocco over the summer, Posegay met second-year Madeline de Figueiredo, who was enthusiastic about the idea and agreed to help.
The trio of editors puts out a call for submissions with no real restrictions on content, only requiring authors be current UChicago students. The group received material ranging from the academic to the personal, from undergraduate and graduate students alike.
“We had someone write about the worst date they had ever been on and then we had someone write about the history of Oman,” de Figueiredo said. “How people chose to use their language and what ideas they were expressing was really interesting.”
The team said despite being at the same level of proficiency with many of the writers who submitted pieces, the editing process was a challenge. Reading student writing that moved beyond the more familiar academic Arabic proved to be a challenge.
“It was a learning experience for us because we had to pull out dictionaries and make sure we were understanding it,” said Bryen. “We're learning vocabulary we wouldn't learn in the classroom.”
“It was a learning experience for us because we had to pull out dictionaries and make sure we were understanding it. We're learning vocabulary we wouldn't learn in the classroom.” fourth-year Elysa Bryen
Noha Forster, a lecturer and coordinator of the Arabic program in NELC, said that Majalla highlights not only the creativity of students but their ability as well. She serves as a mentor for the magazine, which showcases writing from students with one to four years of Arabic study at the University.
“I'm very excited about it,” Forster said. “To be proficient in a language means to produce the language, orally and in written form. Majalla is a testament to the shift that we here at the University of Chicago have made in our expectations of our students: You can truly claim to ‘know' Arabic if you can also communicate in Arabic.”
The magazine has received support from the Alumni Development Fund of the Critical Language Scholarship Program, which is sponsored through the U.S. Department of State. Moving forward, the editorial team will be seeking funding from NELC and the Center for Middle Eastern Studies in order to continue publishing two issues a year.
“We want to build up a community to continue this after Elysa and I graduate,” said Posegay, a graduate student in the final year of a joint BA/MA degree in Middle Eastern Studies. “In time, we believe it will serve not only as a new academic resource, but also build a stronger collaborative community that attracts new students to explore the Arabic language.”
Majalla is accepting submissions through uchicagomajalla@gmail.com.
WILMINGTON, NC (WNCN)/WWAY) — Mustard is king of the condiments when it comes to hot dogs.
That's according to Charlotte's JJ's Red Hots.
- Advertisement -
Mustard blows away its partner in condiment crime – ketchup.
JJ's released released its annual study of the top toppings based on six years of the brand's sales data.
75 north is back open after it was shut down for more than two hours just past the Brent Spence Bridge and I-71 Cincinnati police said.
People need to slow down in this rain. You can't drive fast in this weather… Please be careful!
A two-vehicle collision blocked the left lane on northbound I-471 just before the Big Mac Bridge in Newport, according to Campbell County dispatchers. No one was hurt and the crash has cleared, but be prepared for slow traffic.
A disabled vehicle brought the center lane to a dead halt on southbound I-71/75 on the -Cut-in-the-Hill near the Kyles Lane exit.
The left two lanes were shut down on southbound I-71/75, also on the Cut-in-the-Hill, after two cars crashed about 5:21 a.m., according to Kenton County dispatchers. All lanes cleared about a half hour later. No one was hurt. (FOX19)
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SALT LAKE CITY, UT--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Amedica Corporation ( NASDAQ : AMDA), an innovative biomaterial company which develops and manufactures silicon nitride as a platform for biomedical applications, announced today that on February 14, 2017, it received notification from the NASDAQ Stock Market indicating that the Company will have an additional 180-day grace period, until August 14, 2017, to regain compliance with NASDAQ's $1.00 minimum bid requirement. The notification indicated that the Company did not regain compliance during the initial 180-day grace period provided under the rule. In accordance with NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company is eligible for the additional grace period because it meets the initial listing requirements for the NASDAQ Capital Market except for the bid price and provided written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary.
The NASDAQ letter does not impact Amedica's listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market at this time and Amedica's common stock will continue to trade under its current symbol "AMDA" during the additional 180-day compliance period.
The Company can regain compliance by maintaining a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share for 10 consecutive business days. If Amedica does not meet the minimum bid requirement during the 180-day grace period, NASDAQ will provide written notification to the Company that its common stock will be subject to delisting. At that time, the Company can ask NASDAQ for a hearing to present a plan to regain compliance.
About Amedica Corporation
Amedica is focused on the development and application of medical-grade silicon nitride ceramics. Amedica markets spinal fusion products and is developing a new generation of wear- and corrosion-resistant implant components for hip and knee arthroplasty. The Company manufactures its products in its ISO 13485 certified manufacturing facility and, through its partnership with Kyocera, the world's largest ceramic manufacturer. Amedica's spine products are FDA-cleared, CE-marked, and are currently marketed in the U.S. and select markets in Europe and South America through its distributor network and its OEM partnerships.
For more information on Amedica or its silicon nitride material platform, please visit www.amedica.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon our current expectations and speak only as of the date hereof. Our actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors and uncertainties. For example, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our listing on any NASDAQ market. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated within this press release can also be found in Amedica's Risk Factors disclosure in its Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on March 23, 2016, and in Amedica's other filings with the SEC. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, events or circumstances or other factors arising or coming to our attention after the date hereof.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
By Jane B. Mansaray
Justice John Bosco Allieu yesterday discharged an alleged fraudster, Idrissa Bobson Kanu for want of prosecution witnesses in a Le15m matter.
According to Justice Allieu, since the inception of the matter at the High Court in September 2016 no witness or witnesses had ever testified in the trial.
The accused was first arraigned before Magistrate Dr. Abu Bakarr Binneh Kamara on a Preliminary Investigation (PI) of three counts relating to obtaining credit by fraud of which he (accused) was committed to the High Court in 2015 for trial without bail. He was then remanded at the Pademba Road Male Correctional Centre awaiting trial.
During the September 2015 High Court Criminal Session called over, the accused's matter came up and was assigned to Justice Allieu on same indictment where he (accused) was granted bail in a sum and a surety in like sum to be approved by the Master and Registrar.
According to the particulars of offence, the accused on the 10th June 2014 in Freetown incurred a debt or liability from various people including Afiju Sheriff, Saidu Kamara and Obai Bangura complainants in the matter and obtained by credit building materials of laterite (clay soil), granite stones and sand worth Fifteen Million Leones by means of fraud other than false pretences.
State Counsel J.M.S. Bull prosecuted the matter whilst Legal Aid Board Lawyer, C. Tucker defended the accused at the High Court.
The wedding venue of Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli was held at the countryside resort in Tuscany, Italy and it's the second most expensive holiday destination in the whole world and is owned by Mr. John Phillips, a former US ambassador to Rome and an Obama appointee during his administration.
John Phillips, bought the entire hamlet and turned it into a luxury resort called Borgo Finocchieto which can only be accessed by the rich and the powerful. The countryside resort comprises of a grand manor house with 22 suites and several villas clustered around a central piazza.
Another Filipino hostages escape from Abu Sayyaf
ZAMBOANGA CITY – Another Filipino hostage of the Abu Sayyaf allegedly escaped before dawn Monday and was recovered by troops in the southern Philippine province of Basilan, officials said.
Officials said Edmund Ramos, who was found on Tapiantana Island off Sumisip town, was brought to Zamboanga City where he is reunited with his family. No other details about his daring escape were available by the military raising suspicion that he was freed on ransom.
Three of his companions – as Felimon Cordero, Jayson Baylosis and Joel Adanza – also said they escaped from their Abu Sayyaf captors in Sulu province on August 11. The victims are all natives of Zamboanga City and working on a construction site in Sulu when Abu Sayyaf seized them in Patikul town on July 15.
The trio allegedly escaped while their captors were praying and ran until they reached a village in Talipao town where civilians spotted them and quickly informed the local police.
But escaping from the Abu Sayyaf is rare and authorities have blamed the terrorist group for the spate of ransom kidnappings and terrorism in the southern Philippines. The group is still holding at least 20 hostages, mostly foreigners. (Mindanao Examiner)
Like Us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mindanaoexaminer
Follow Us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/MindanaoExamine
Read Our News on: http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com /http://mindanaoexaminernewspaper.blogspot.com/
Share Our News
Digital Archives: issuu.com/mindanaoexaminernewspaper
15 total views, 15 views today
Apart from being an actor par excellence and a big superstar, Mammootty is also undoubtedly the most stylish star that the Malayalam film industry has ever seen. His style quotient is hard to be matched and many a time, he has given even the youngsters, a run for their money.
Well, Mammootty's craze for gadgets and vehicles, is also well-known. Especially, it is quite known to many that the much loved star of Mollywod is hugely fond of cars. There have been umpteen number of instances in films from the past wherein Mammootty was seen riding stylish cars and bikes.
Now, videos and pictures of Mammootty riding a superbike, has taken the social media by storm. Interestingly, it was in Kaloor that the Megastar was spotted riding the limited edition BMW superbike, and it has to be said that the Megastar looked as stylish as ever this time too. The photos and the videos associated with this have turned out to be hugely popular on social media and Mammootty has once again proved that he is truly the stylish star of Mollywood.
Meanwhile, reports have surfaced that, the same was in connection with the shoot of his upcoming film Oru Kuttanadan Blog, which is being directed by popular scenarist Sethu. In the film which is touted to be a light-hearted family entertainer, Mammootty will be seen playing a character named Hari.
Hurry, tickets for the Mattapoisett Tour de Crème are going fast. The event, to be held on May 21, rain or shine, has a ride for everyone with routes of 11, 19, 25, and 50 miles with plenty of stops for ice cream. Cyclists can ride at their own pace or ride with a group led by a volunteer. The last stop is a waterfront party with food and live music at the land trust's Munro Preserve.
Participation is limited to 300. Advance registration is required and the event is expected to sell out. As of April 9, there were only 11 spots left for the 25 mile tour, which visits Captain Bonney's, Country Whip, and Acushnet Creamery.
You can also volunteer and join in the fun without getting on a bicycle. Help is needed to set up, check-in participants, serve ice cream, photograph the event, and assist riders at various points.
The event is sponsored by Friends of the Mattapoisett Bike path and the Mattapoisett Land Trust to raise money for a rail-trail connection to Marion and conservation of the Old Hammond Quarry.
To learn more, register, sign up to volunteer, or make a donation, visit the event website at www.tourdecreme.org.
Cross-border ecommerce sales into China are expected to reach more than $100 billion by the end of 2017, according to data from eMarketer. That's a significant increase from the $78.5 billion in sales from 2016.
These latest figures are part of a growing trend of importing to China, which could lead to plenty of potential opportunities for U.S. small businesses. China's middle class is growing, both in population and in spending power. And according to the eMarketer report, that growth is likely to lead to even higher ecommerce sales numbers in the coming years.
According to reports from Export.gov, more than 40 percent of total global ecommerce spending comes from China. And the Chinese ecommerce market is predicted to be larger than the markets from the U.S., U.K., Japan, Germany and France combined by 2020. So selling to Chinese customers isn't just something that could give your sales a boost, it could also become downright necessary for businesses to thrive in the coming years.
If you're looking to take advantage of this growing trend for your own small business, there are plenty of opportunities to jump into the Chinese market through ecommerce. Lots of U.S. products, ranging from makeup to seafood, tend to be popular with Chinese consumers. And platforms like Alibaba's Tmall give you an easy way to reach those customers.
However, you do need to learn how to actually market to Chinese customers. And those marketing tactics can differ from the ones you use to reach U.S. customers. For example, new technology like virtual reality is more prominent in the Chinese market. And about half of the ecommerce purchases in China are made using mobile devices.
While it might take some time to learn about the market, it could be well worth the effort if the Chinese market and sales numbers continue to climb.
On Being A Mother
The actress told the daily, "So you see, the day is fully packed. And mine is a 27-hour long day. My kids are very noisy, making me run around the house [all the time] and not letting me work. But, I've never known patience the way I have it today. I'm surprised and amazed. We've become kids with our kids."
Kashmira Loves Baby Talking
"We (actor Krushna Abhishek and she) used to find other parents irritating when they would do the baby talk or show their baby's pictures to everyone around them all the time. I'm one of those irritating parents now."
She Balances Work & Motherhood
"In fact, if anything, I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director, a fighter, a survivor! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing. I want them to be proud of me and everything that I've done, so I am striving each day to do good roles and make better films."
Breaking The Stereotype
"Everywhere in TV and films, actors who become mothers, are treated differently. Suddenly, people will be like, ‘Oh, she's a mom, so she can't play a sex symbol role."
Kashmira Is Proud Of These Actresses
"But I feel that actors like Kareena Kapoor Khan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan have changed this notion. [The late] Sridevi changed it years ago. So, I think slowly, the women of this industry are changing the norms and I'm proud to be one of them."
MINNEAPOLIS, MN (Nexstar) — Super Sunday's grown into much more than a football game.
It's a showcase for music's biggest stars. And this Sunday, Justin Timberlake will perform for the third time at the Super Bowl.
Timberlake spoke to reporters Thursday as he prepares to perform inside U.S. Bank Stadium. He's been rehearsing inside the building throughout the week.
“I'm excited to be on this stage once again at this point in my life and it's just a great opportunity,” Timberlake said Thursday.
The last time he was on stage at the Super Bowl was back in 2004 with his infamous “wardrobe malfunction” moment he had with Janet Jackson.
He did not give much detail on the performance itself, but hinted at some new heights for the NFL. “We're doing a few things with this halftime show that they've never quite done before, so I'm excited to do that.”
Timberlake also called Minneapolis' own Prince “the greatest all-around musician that I could think of in popular culture.”
Timberlake's new album “Man of the Woods” was released early Friday morning.
Ideal for applications requiring the highest UV curing requirements
HILLSBORO, OR--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Phoseon Technology announced today the release of the updated FireLine™ FL400 LED curing solution, which increases the power of the LED unit by 25% -- up to 24W/cm².
The FireLine FL400 is designed for the most demanding printing, coatings and adhesive curing applications and is now available with increased performance. The solution is scalable to support custom length options, and offers exceptional optical uniformity for consistent and reliable curing for the most demanding industrial printing applications.
Joe Becker, Product Marketing Manager at Phoseon Technology says, "Customers continue to ask for higher performance solutions for increased throughput. The more powerful FireLine FL400 offers customers a scalable, IP54 compliant solution with higher performance for jobs requiring high UV output."
The FireLine FL400 is part of the FireLine family -- water-cooled UV LED curing lamps with uses in a wide variety of web/conveyor based UV curing applications. The FireLine architecture is designed to allow the scalable systems to be built up to two meters in length.
About Phoseon Technology
In 2002, Phoseon Technology pioneered the use of LED technology for UV curing applications, and has recently expanded into Life Sciences. As the world leader in providing UV LED solutions, Phoseon engineers patented LED technology to deliver rugged, high-performance products for application specific needs. The company is focused 100% on LED technology and provides worldwide sales and support capabilities.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/9/11G129942/Images/FL400-isometric-486cc66fc3cfac87a2d6cfea0fba0110.jpg
WINNIPEG — A group in New Zealand tipped police in Winnipeg to images of child sexual abuse being shared online from an address in the city.
Winnipeg's internet child exploitation unit was notified Thursday that New Zealand police found several images of child sexual abuse shared in an online chat room by a man from an IP address located in the city.
The New Zealand police say the images were shared at the end of September.
Police executed a search warrant in the East Elmwood area of Winnipeg.
Iain Alexander Tod, who is 25, is facing several charges.
He has been taken into custody.
Watch, Text, and Win Tickets To 'Love Never Dies'Try to win a pair of tickets to Love Never Dies by answering the question seen in our contest commercial. Just text the correct answer and you're entered.
Sign-Up Now For Our 2017 Knockout PoolPut your football expertise to the test for your chance at $5,000.
Have What It Takes To Win? Sign-Up NowPick a winner for every game each week for your chance at $5000.
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
By Rob Smith
Add Prince's “Another Lonely Christmas” to the list of not-quite-Christmas songs that make Christmas playlists.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
Oklahoma State's Zach Bauchou tees off on the fourth hole during the final round of the NCAA Division I men's golf championships in Stillwater, Okla., Wednesday, May 30, 2018. Mitch Alcala AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It turned out to be a stunning Easter weekend for Reading FC after they picked up two wins in three days to maintain their promotion push.
Jaap Stam's side reacted superbly from the 7-1 thumping by Norwich City just over a week ago to inflict a first defeat for Aston Villa in 10 games.
And they followed it up with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over bottom club Rotherham United just 48 hours later.
Although a top-six finish is still yet to be confirmed, Royals are in pole position to extend their season beyond Sunday, May 7.
And with just three games left in the season, it would take a brave person to bet against them given their current form.
Here Jonathan Low takes a look at what went so right over the weekend.
Fringe players are stepping up
Now is the time in the season where every single squad member must play their part.
Joseph Mendes and Lewis Grabban are fine examples - both have struggled for game time for one reason or another but both made their mark in recent days.
Mendes led the line at Aston Villa on Easter Saturday in his first league start in a Reading shirt and he did not disappoint. The Frenchman scored twice to help the team produce a 3-1 win.
Grabban teamed up with Mendes well in that game and laid on the ball on both occasions for his team-mate's goals.
Grabban also got on the scoresheet at Villa and although he did not start against Rotherham, scored within seconds of coming on with a fantastic volley.
It was the AFC Bournemouth loanee's first strikes in a Reading shirt since moving in January and he will be keen to impress in the final few games to earn a permanent switch to Royals.
Resilient Royals
A lot is said in football about character and spirit but it's something which shone through in Reading last weekend.
Confidence would have taken a battering at Norwich but it's credit to Jaap Stam and the players for not letting it get to them.
To turn in such an impressive showing at Villa - with a far from full-strength side - shows there is real quality in the team.
And it would have been easy to think Rotherham would be a straight-forward three points.
Indeed, after trailing 1-0 at half time it looked like it might be 'one of those days'.
But full credit must be given to the side who kept plugging away and were ultimately rewarded for their efforts against a dogged Rotherham outfit.
Stam's stock is rising by the game
The one man leading the charge though and cannot be forgotten is Jaap Stam.
The boss took a gamble with a weakened side at Villa - and no-one was expecting Joseph Mendes to be given the responsibility of being the main striker.
But it's a move which paid off in stunning fashion. Stam needed to keep as many players as fresh as possible and did that over the three days.
His substitutions were spot on on Monday after a disappointing first half.
Liam Kelly added some much-needed creativity and forward thinking to the play, while Grabban was hungry to prove a point and build on his goal from Saturday.
It would have been easy to give Mendes another start and it was a surprise he was not even in the matchday squad, but it shows the current strength in depth of the squad.
Knowing he can make an impact like he did at Villa Park could be pivotal for the final few games.
Could it be automatic promotion?
Quite remarkably, a top-two finish for Reading is possible with just three games left to play.
If anyone had suggested that would be possible at the start of the season you would have been laughed back off to Cloud Cuckoo Land.
Clearly it depends on other results and Reading of course have to keep winning, but with the run they're on - five wins in six games - they are the form team right now.
Other teams are slipping up - Newcastle and Leeds both lost on Monday and Huddersfield only drew - so if similar results continue then you never know.
The one thing that could hinder Reading though is goal difference - theirs is the poorest of the top seven sides.
Don't forget you can get the latest Reading FC news on Twitter by following @getreadingfc and reporter Jonathan Low ( @jonathanl50 ).
Keep up with the Royals news on Facebook through the dedicated page here
And you can get all the breaking Reading FC news with the free getreading app. Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trump administration says protecting America's steel and aluminium producers is a matter of national security
European leaders are braced for US tariffs on steel and aluminium to go into effect, as negotiations over the issue draw to a close.
The Trump administration is planning to let a temporary exemption granted to the European Union expire, The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) reported.
It was due to expire 1 June, after an extension of the original deadline.
Officials from the US and EU have been meeting in Paris over the measures, which the US announced in March.
The WSJ said the administration's plans could still change. European leaders expect a final decision to be announced on Thursday.
European Commissioner for Trade Cecilia Malmström said she was not optimistic that Europe would be able to avoid some kind of restriction, whether tariffs or export limits.
During a discussion panel at the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said negotiations could continue, even with tariffs in place.
If the tariffs go into effect, the US would levy a 25% tax on European steel and 10% tax on the bloc's aluminium.
The EU is the world's second largest steel producer after China. An estimated 320,00 people work in the steel industry across the region.
How did this begin?
The Trump administration announced the tariffs in March citing the need to protect domestic steel and aluminium producers for national security reasons.
Certain countries, including the EU, were granted exemptions, pending discussions of trade terms.
The US has granted more permanent exemptions from the tariffs to some countries, such as South Korea, in exchange for limits on the exports.
When the White House announced the measures, the EU threatened to retaliate with tariffs on American imports such as orange juice, cranberries and bourbon.
China has already levied new taxes on $3bn worth of US goods, including wine, as retaliation for the steel and aluminium tariffs.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PHILADELPHIA (CBSMiami) – There is no denying that Philadelphia is one of the loudest sports cities around.
Joel Embiid expects his first playoff game in Philly to be quite a scene.
“It's going to be lit,” Embiid said.
And if the 76ers win, there will be more games like it next week.
The 76ers can become the first team into the Eastern Conference semifinals when they host the Miami Heat on Tuesday in Game 5 of the only East series that isn't tied.
Also Tuesday, the Golden State Warriors get their second chance to eliminate San Antonio, and the Celtics and Bucks return to Boston for Game 5 of a series in which the home team has won every game.
Embiid was still sidelined while recovering from a broken orbital bone around his left eye for the first two games in Philadelphia, then returned to help the 76ers win Games 3 and 4 in Miami.
Now the 76ers, who just two years ago lost 72 games in one of the worst seasons ever while the Warriors were winning an NBA-record 73, can join the defending champions in the second round on the same night. The 76ers have advanced to the East semis just twice since reaching the NBA Finals in 2001.
Golden State missed its first chance to move on when San Antonio won 103-90 on Sunday. The Warriors were disappointed, though far from devastated.
“We lost and we got another opportunity to try to close this thing out back at the crib,” Kevin Durant said, “so no, we're good.”
Ettore Messina will coach the Spurs again in place of Gregg Popovich, who will miss his third straight game following the death of his wife.
Some things to know about Tuesday's matchups:
BUCKS AT CELTICS
Series tied 2-2. Game 5, 7 p.m., NBA TV.
NEED TO KNOW: Milwaukee has shot 52 percent or better in the last three games and outscored Boston 433-427 in a series in which the Celtics won the opener in overtime and the Bucks took Game 4 by two points on Giannis Antetokounmpo ‘s follow shot with 5 seconds remaining.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Jaylen Brown. He's scored 30 or more in two of the last three games, and his 11-point outing in Game 3 was the only game in the series Boston didn't have a chance to win. “I want to just continue to keep helping my team and shooting the ball well,” Brown said. “It's something that's on and I want to continue to do that.”
INJURY UPDATE: The Celtics are listing guard Marcus Smart, sidelined since mid-March because of right thumb surgery, as questionable. Bucks starting center John Henson has missed the last two games with a sore lower back.
PRESSURE IS ON: Jabari Parker and Thon Maker. Parker's 16.5 points and Maker's 5.0 blocks per game off the bench were huge keys in Milwaukee, but they have to prove they can take their show on the road. They managed all of two points in Boston, where Maker didn't even get in Game 1.
HEAT AT 76ERS
Philadelphia leads 3-1. Game 5, 8 p.m., TNT.
NEED TO KNOW: Philadelphia is averaging 116.8 points in the series, tops among postseason teams, and the 76ers have outscored the Heat 127-85 in the fourth quarter of the four games.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Dwyane Wade, because it might be the last time to watch him play. The Heat star hasn't committed to playing next season, so this could be the final game of his career if Miami loses.
INJURY UPDATE: Forward Josh Richardson is questionable with a left shoulder sprain, and the Heat are also dealing with injuries to fellow starters Tyler Johnson (left thumb) and Goran Dragic (sore right knee). If Johnson is limited, the Heat could insert Rodney McGruder for defense or give Wayne Ellington more minutes in hopes of getting his shot going.
PRESSURE IS ON: Miami's starters. In what should be a raucous atmosphere in Philadelphia, the Heat have to make sure they aren't run off the floor before Wade even gets off the bench.
SPURS AT WARRIORS
Golden State leads 3-1. Game 5, 10:30 p.m., TNT.
NEED TO KNOW: Another loss would give the Warriors more in this postseason then they had all last year. Golden State was 16-1 (an NBA-record .941 winning percentage) in storming to its second championship in three years.
KEEP AN EYE ON: Manu Ginobili. The 40-year-old Argentine may have extended not only the series but also his career when he scored 10 of his 16 points in the fourth quarter of Game 4, so there's at least one more chance to enjoy his brilliant style of play.
INJURY UPDATE: Ginobili was kneed in the thigh late in Game 4 and will be hoping to be pain-free after a day off. Also, the Spurs have ruled Kawhi Leonard out for Game 5.
PRESSURE IS ON: The Warriors, if only to avoid the aggravation of the old reminders about their big lead blown in the 2016 NBA Finals if they lose again and the series is prolonged while New Orleans, who they would play in the second round, continues to rest.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into his new role, he is also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by his predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election he defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
He fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that he intends to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of his predecessor.
He was also candid about the scope of obstacles he faces: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
Carson Wentz out for season with torn ACL
The Philadelphia Eagles' worst fears have been realized, as star quarterback Carson Palmer is out for the remainder of the season after suffering a knee injury on Sunday.
Eagles head coach Doug Pederson confirmed on Monday that an MRI revealed Wentz has a torn ACL.
Doug Pederson: #Eagles QB Carson Wentz has a torn ACL. His season is over. — Jeff McLane (@Jeff_McLane) December 11, 2017
Wentz went to the locker room for an examination after he took a hard hit while diving into the end zone during the third quarter of his team's win over the Los Angeles Rams. Pederson said Monday that the team believes after watching film that Wentz actually tore his ACL during the run and not on the actual hit.
Hope Carson Wentz is here's the play that has caused him to be checked out by medical #FlyEaglesFly pic.twitter.com/PswkIXtcdX — Phenomenal One J (@PhenomenalOneJ) December 10, 2017
Nick Foles came on in relief of Wentz and played well enough to lead the Eagles to a win, but it goes without saying that losing Wentz is a crushing blow. The second-year quarterback was playing at an MVP level and was the main reason Philly was considered the favorite to win the NFC.
India launches world record 104 satellites on a single rocket
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
FILE - In the May 2, 2017 file photo, a TV screen shows images of U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea. Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare up suddenly and then fade away almost as quickly, but the latest escalation won't likely go away quite so easily. Ahn Young-joon, File AP Photo
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Pence, who had vouched for Flynn in a televised interview, is said to have been angry and deeply frustrated.
And Trump lashed out at the news media Wednesday morning, sending out a tweet berating some news organizations for focusing on "This Russian connection non-sense." In a post on his verified Twitter account, Trump said, "The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred." He added that the news reporting was "merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign."
Trump also asserted in a tweet: "Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?). Just like Russia."
At the White House Tuesday, press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: "The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable incidents is what led the president to ask General Flynn for his resignation."
Flynn, in an interview with The Daily Caller News Foundation, said Monday "there were no lines crossed" in his conversations with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak.
The explanation of the episode left many questions unanswered, including why Trump didn't alert Pence to the matter and why Trump allowed Flynn to keep accessing classified information and taking part in the president's discussions with world leaders up until the day he was fired.
White House officials also struggled to explain why Trump counselor Kellyanne Conway had declared the president retained "full confidence" in Flynn just hours before the adviser had to submit his letter of resignation.
Later Tuesday, The New York Times reported that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's 2016 campaign team. Current and former U.S. officials who spoke to the Times anonymously said they found no evidence that the Trump campaign was working with the Russians on hacking or other efforts to influence the election.
Flynn's firing heightened questions about the president's friendly posture toward Russia. Democrats called for investigations into Flynn's contacts, and Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham said Congress needed to know whether he had been acting with direction from the president or others.
Trump initially thought Flynn could survive the controversy, according to a person with direct knowledge of the president's views, but a pair of explosive stories in The Washington Post in recent days made the situation untenable. As early as last week, he and aides began making contingency plans for Flynn's dismissal, a senior administration official said. While the president was said to be upset with Flynn, he also expressed anger with other aides for "losing control" of the story and making his young administration look bad.
Pence spokesman Marc Lotter said Pence became aware that he had received "incomplete information" from Flynn only after the first Washington Post report Thursday night. Pence learned about the Justice Department warnings to the White House around the same time.
The officials and others with knowledge of the situation were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and requested anonymity.
Ahead of the Jan. 20 inauguration, Pence and other officials insisted publicly that Flynn had not discussed sanctions in his talks with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. On Jan. 26, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates contacted White House counsel Don McGahn to raise concerns about discrepancies between the public accounting and what intelligence officials knew to be true about the contacts based on routine recordings of communications with foreign officials who are in the U.S.
The Justice Department warned the White House that the inconsistencies would leave the president's top national security aide vulnerable to blackmail from Russia, according to a person with knowledge of the discussion. The president was informed of the warnings the same day, Spicer said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI around the same time, according to a U.S. official who was briefed on the investigation.
It was not immediately known what questions the FBI asked of Flynn or what he told law enforcement officials.
McGahn, along with chief of staff Reince Priebus and strategist Steve Bannon, also questioned Flynn multiple times in the ensuing weeks, a White House official said. Top aides also reviewed transcripts of Flynn's contacts with the ambassador, according to a person with knowledge of the review process.
At the same time, the official said Trump aides began taking steps to put some distance between the president and Flynn. CIA Director Mike Pompeo and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a top Flynn aide, started taking part in Trump's daily security briefings.
Before he resigned Monday night, Flynn told the investigative news nonprofit affiliated with the website The Daily Caller that he and Kislyak spoke only generally about the Russian diplomats expelled by President Barack Obama as part of the previous administration's response to Moscow's interference in the U.S. presidential election.
"It wasn't about sanctions. It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out," Flynn said. "It was basically: 'Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, 'We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that."
___
Associated Press writers Jonathan Lemire, Eric Tucker, Ken Thomas, Jill Colvin, Erica Werner and Catherine Lucey contributed to this report.
___
Online: https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/3461508-Michael-Flynn-Resignation-Letter.html
Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC and Vivian Salama at http://twitter.com/vmsalama
Three young men made a YouTube exploit of climbing the new Tappan Zee Bridge -- and now face criminal charges for their trouble.
New York State Police said Monday three teens will face charges of third-degree criminal trespass, a misdemeanor, after their July early morning adventure surfaced online.
The dark, nine-minute video shows the men casually pass through brush, walk along a train track and then climb a ladder to access the $4 billion bridge, part of which is scheduled to open this month after four years of construction.
At one point they see a security guard and take off running.
"Go fast, go fast, we have to go fast!" one of them shouts as they run to evade detection.
The state police said they were notified of the video about 10 days ago. The teens were issued appearance tickets.
Dulquer Salmaan and Amal Sufiya, one of the most loved couples of Mollywood welcomed their first child on May 05, 2017 and later, they named their little princess as Maryam Ameerah Salmaan.
The young superstar of Mollywood is a doting father, as well and Dulquer Salmaan has proved that over and again with a couple of cute posts on Facebook, regarding his child.
In a recent award function, Dulquer Salmaan had opened up about the favourite Lullaby of his daughter. Well, it is a much popular song from a Mammootty starrer. Any guesses on the same?
During the function, Dulquer Salmaan opened up that the song Vennila Chandanakinnam, from the movie Azhakiya Ravanan in which his father starred, is the favourite song of his little princess.
He also added that despite being not a lullaby, this song is the favourite of his daughter. He sings this song for her and she slips off to sleep while hearing this song.
Undoubtedly, Vennila Chandanakinnam, which has been sung by Yesudas and set to to tune by Vidyasagar is one such song, which is afresh even after years. The picturisation and Mammootty's performance in it, also made the song a memorable one
Las Vegas Metro police said they are looking for the suspects involved in a deadly shooting Thursday.
Officers responded to the incident at 8:18 p.m. in the 100 block of South Martin Luther King Boulevard, near Bonanza Road. Arriving officers found a man suffering from gunshot wounds. He was taken to University Medical Center where he later died.
Citing the preliminary investigation, police said the victim was involved in an argument with several unidentified subjects before the shooting. At some point during the argument, one of the suspects fired a gun multiple times striking the victim. All of the suspects left the scene before police arrived.
The identity of the victim will later be released by the Clark County Coroner's Office.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Metro's Homicide Section by phone at 702-828-3521. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
The Live Event you are trying to watch is either unavailable or has not started Please refresh this page in your browser to reload this live event video
A derelict spot in Birmingham city centre is set to be transformed into a plush new apartment block in a £125 million development.
City firm Court Collaboration has taken over the Holloway Head scheme, close to the giant Radisson Blu tower, and wants to start work on up to 487 apartments by next year.
New plans for the 17-storey scheme, drawn up by architect Corstorphine + Wright, also include ground floor shops as well as a gym and rooftop gardens for residents.
The plot has lain vacant for more than 25 years but, after agreeing a deal to buy it from Panther Securities, Court Collaboration's founder Anthony McCourt says it has a bright future.
Panther has long been planning to regenerate the run-down spot, which is also home to Girlguide Birmingham, and it was once going to have a hotel and casino before taking a new direction two years ago to become residential.
Around 20 separate planning applications have been lodged for the site since the 1990s.
Pic: Corstorphine Wright Architects CGI of plans for 487 flats in Holloway Head
The development is a stone's throw away from the most expensive apartment ever sold in the city centre - the £1.8 million penthouse at Concord House - and Mr McCourt said the area was becoming a more attractive place to live.
He said: "With Grand Central, the improvements to the Mailbox and the wider transformation of Birmingham city centre, Holloway Head is an in-demand location. We have something really special planned.
"This area is going to improve and improve and we're thrilled to be a part of that. This shows our confidence in what is happening in the city.
"Things like the Curzon Street HS2 regeneration and the Smithfield scheme at the wholesale markets site are already transforming the city centre as a place to work and live and we are prepared to take risks and invest on the back of that vision.
"We are here in Birmingham seeing things happen in front of our eyes - you can't do that from an office in north London."
Hertfordshire-based investor Panther Securities worked to get the scheme, at 49-51 Holloway Head, off the ground from 1990 but it resulted in the recent £11 million sale.
Mr McCourt thinks everything is in place to make a success of what he calls the "Leabank Quarter" near Holloway Head.
Pic: Corstorphine + Wright Architects CGI shows how apartments will look at junction of Holloway Head and Ellis Street
He points to the nearby Concord House scheme in a former Debenhams warehouse as evidence of people willing to live in this area.
It will see the long-awaited rebirth of the derelict 1.3 acre brownfield site which is central to the regeneration of that corner of the city.
Mr McCourt said he expected to see interest from young professionals on the back of hundreds of jobs moving to Birmingham with the likes of HSBC and HS2 relocating here.
Hundreds of jobs will be created in the construction phase.
The apartments will be sold through Court Living - a new arm of the Colmore Row-based firm which will deal directly with the market.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Rescue crews rushed two people to the hospital in critical condition after, officials said, a pickup truck collided with a palm tree in Southwest Miami-Dade, Saturday morning.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue responded to the scene, near Southwest 40th Street and 125th Avenue.
Crews were able to safely extricate the two trapped passengers.
Both passengers were treated on scene and transported to a local trauma center in critical condition.
MDFR officials advised that people wear seat belts and use caution when driven during light rain conditions, since the roads become very slippery.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Mukti's Spinster Party
After a rather confusing episode and mind blowing twist of Smaran getting lovey-dovey with Inaya, and Jeff inviting stripper for Mukti's spinster, Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan thrilled the fans to a new level altogether.
Nandini Gets To Know The Real Reason For Manik Denying Her Proposal
We all could see Nandini pulling her sleeves up to fix thing between her and Manik when she comes to know about the real reason behind Manik's denial on the proposal.
Mukti's Unique Spinster Party
A bachelorette without gate crashers is never a bachelorette, boys of Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan gate crashing Mukti's spinster party is the best thing that one can find on the internet today. Generally, spinster parties are supposed to be crazy and exciting, but Mukti's spinster was a different story to tell.
Manik & Nandini Get Closer
We all know Manik and Nandini love each other and fans got a jist of their bond during the bachelorette. On the other hand, Zubin seems a little devious during bachelorette and he's giving a cold shoulder to the stripper seemed like he somehow knew the stripper.
Zubin's Blast from the Past
We know everything about Mukti as well as the others, but there is not much known about Zubin. This reminds of Jeff's advice to Mukti about giving the marriage a second thought, although we know that Jeff loves Mukti and has an emotional space for Mukti as Jeff is disinterested in guys.
What's Zubin Hiding?
What is it that Zubin is hiding, does Jeff know something about Zubin that Mukti doesn't or she just wants to break the marriage so that she could pursue Mukti.
Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan 3
The chemistry between the two Charlie and Barkha is a result of their off screen sisterly relationship with each other. Who knows what we might come across in the show in near future? Well, it's Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan always with a twist.
Ex-Vols AD Currie, Schiano had agreed on $27 million deal
hello
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -- Former Tennessee athletic director John Currie and Greg Schiano signed a memorandum of understanding making the Ohio State defensive coordinator the new Volunteers football coach before the deal fell apart amid a public backlash.
The memorandum of understanding, obtained through a public records request, states Schiano would have received a six-year, $27 million contract. Tennessee officials say they believe the document isn't legally binding because it was never signed by Tennessee's chief financial officer.
Currie was suspended and replaced by Phillip Fulmer five days after the Schiano deal fell through.
Tennessee Chancellor Beverly Davenport also didn't sign the document with Schiano. The memorandum that accompanied Jeremy Pruitt's hiring as football coach last week included signatures from Pruitt, Davenport, Fulmer and chief financial officer David L. Miller.
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
(CNN Money) — Shonda Rhimes, one of the best-known producers in television, is making the leap from ABC to Netflix. And the timing could not be more significant.
Rhimes' existing hit shows like “Grey's Anatomy” will keep airing on ABC. But she will develop new shows exclusively for the streaming service.
This is what's known as a production deal in Hollywood. Right now the Shondaland production company is affiliated with ABC Studios. But Rhimes and her producing partner Betsy Beers will move Shondaland to Netflix, where they will conceive “new series and other projects,” according to an overnight announcement by Netflix.
Rhimes' biggest shows — “Grey's Anatomy,” “Scandal” and “How to Get Away with Murder” — already stream on Netflix in various parts of the world after premiering on ABC.
Netflix wants Rhimes' future shows premiering on its streaming service, giving families even more reason to sign up and stay subscribed.
Rhimes said in a statement that she was looking for an “opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation.” She said “the future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities.”
Netflix is no doubt paying a huge sum of money to poach Shondaland. But the terms of the multi-year deal were not disclosed.
The Wall Street Journal, which broke the news, called it “the latest twist in a battle between Disney and Netflix for entertainment-industry supremacy.”
That's because just last week Disney, which owns ABC, confirmed it will let its existing deal with Netflix expire in 2019 and go its own way by launching Disney-owned streaming services.
Others in Hollywood are plotting similar moves, entering more direct competition with Netflix, which is by far the biggest streaming service.
Part of Netflix's plan is recruiting A-listers like Rhimes to make exclusive shows.
Shondaland has had some misses along with hits.
“The Catch” and “Still Star-Crossed” both failed to gain enough of a following on ABC.
But “Grey's Anatomy” is one of the tentpoles of the network. It launched more than a decade ago and led Rhimes to take over an entire night of ABC's prime time lineup.
“Scandal” is coming to an end on ABC after one more season. But Rhimes and Beers have a “Grey's Anatomy” spinoff in the works for ABC.
“I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television,” ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in a statement reacting to the Netflix news.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Theresa Galvan with the Navajo Division of Behavioral and Mental Health Services points to routes of an upcoming commemorative run before the start of a news conference in Albuquerque, N.M., on Tuesday, April 24, 2018. The Navajo Nation has scheduled a series of events this year to commemorate the signing of a treaty in 1868 that cleared the way for tribal members to return to their homeland in the American Southwest. Tribal officials say the commemoration will help to tell a story of perseverance from the Navajo perspective. Susan Montoya Bryan AP Photo
Disha Patani
A news channel posted this caption on their Twitter handle and Disha Patani lost her cool.
Ridiculous Caption
The caption was ridiculous and Disha Patani shot back with a caption that'll make you burst out laughing.
Boss Lady
Disha Patani's reply was total badass and she added a pinch of humour to her reply.
Daring Move
We're sure other Twitter handles will now think twice before posting ridiculous things about Disha Patani.
Baaghi 2
Disha Patani will next be seen in the action movie Baaghi 2 alongside Tiger Shroff.
The Prequel
Baaghi which released in 2016, ended up being a hit at the box office.
Hit Machine
We're sure even Baaghi 2 will end being a superhit at the box office.
Amazing Girl
Disha Patani is such a lovely girl, be it childhood or adulthood, she is always amazing!
Stand Up
It's good to see Disha Patani standing up for what she believes in, folks!
So Beautiful
Doesn't Disha Patani look so beautiful in this picture, peeps?
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Lending Club continues to feel the pain from governance scandal
By Lanre Adesanya
The Lagos State House of Assembly on Tuesday called on the Acting President, Prof. Yemi Osinbajo and the leadership of the National Assembly to urgently reopen the Ondo State House of Assembly.
The House also cautioned the outgoing Governor of Ondo State, Olusegun Mimiko to ensure smooth legislative activities, saying that the existence of a Governor lies with having a parliament in place.
The resolution followed a motion moved by a member of the House, Hon. Bisi Yusuff during Matters of Urgent Public Importance.
Yusuff said, “Ondo Assembly has been under lock and key- this is not right; it is condemnable. It is never known in this country where the office of executive or judiciary is locked.
“It is not accetable; there should be lasting solution to what is happening to the very important aspect of legislative arm,” Yusuff said.
While supporting Yusuff's motion, the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Mudashiru Obasa who presided over the plenary explained that “whatever happens to either the eye or nose, the other suffers. We are one! It has become common practice in the country where the parliament is made to suffer.
“If the police insists on shutting down the House, let them also shut down the executive so that we know there is no civil rule in Ondo State,” Obasa said.
Moshood Oshun said, “what holds democracy is the legislative arm, the other two arms of government do exist during military. I have never seen where the office of a governor is locked.”
The Chief Whip, Hon. Rotimi Abiru observed that ” this is happening when the State should be transiting. I want to appeal to the Nigeria police that the act is a bad signal to democracy.”
Also speaking, Hon. Segun Olulade stated that the development in Ondo State could be seen as planning a coup against the people of the State.
On his part, Olanrewaju Ogunyemi believes, “what is nauseating aspect of the issue was that it was ordered by the Inspector General of police, adding that he should know his constitutional responsibility.
Hon. Jude Idimogu however urged his colleagues not to allow the executive arm to disrupt the activities of the Houses of Assembly, saying that members should learn from Ondo Assembly.
The Deputy Majority Leader, Hon. Muyiwa Jimoh said that instead of calling for the reopening of the State Assembly, the House should write ‘an independent opinion' condemning the act.
Jimoh argued that Lagos Assembly has no locust standing to reverse the decision of the federal government.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Two male patients with unknown injuries are being treated as Austin Police urge residents to avoid the area.
APD responding to Bomb Hotshot call in the 4800 block of Dawn Song Dr. Two male patients transported with unknown injuries. Please avoid the area. Media staging area is 4635 SW Pkwy, corner of SW Pkwy and Boston Ln. APD PIO — Austin Police Dept (@Austin_Police) March 19, 2018
According to NBC 5 in Austin, the injuries suffered by the male victims are serious but not life-threatening.
The bomb was reportedly triggered in a backpack, which has been cleared from the side of the road.
Initially believed to be 2 explosions, now is only 1 confirmed explosion on SW Austin.
2 male victims in their 20s w/serious, but not expected to be life-threatening injuries. https://t.co/bB9gMkAw8s — Maria Guerrero (@Maria_NBC5) March 19, 2018
Information on the victims has not yet been released.
Media has been ordered to leave the scene.
Local resident are being told to stay in their houses until agents knock on their door; they may not be done until 10 AM.
For more information on the trend of bombings in Austin, Texas, which so far have only targeted people of color, hit page two.
All The Victims Of The #AustinBombings Were People Of Color: https://t.co/4iJ3eADwjo — Global Grind (@GlobalGrind) March 19, 2018
1 2Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — Beards are back for the Miami Marlins.
Manager Don Mattingly said he and owner Jeffrey Loria decided lift their prohibition on facial hair after one season.
“It was a constant fight last year, honestly, with guys,” said Mattingly, speaking Tuesday before the first spring training workout for pitchers and catchers. “Through the course of the season and watching the playoffs and the World Series, for me it just didn't seem like that big of a thing. The most important thing is our guys prepare and play the game right.”
The Marlins will continue to require players be well-groomed. The ban was adopted after Mattingly was hired as manager before the 2016 season.
“A little bit last year for me was being in a new situation and wanting to make sure the team was put first, and it wasn't going to be about personal things,” he said.
A handful of players took advantage of the new policy, including All-Star closer A.J. Ramos and starting pitchers Edinson Volquez and Dan Straily.
Ramos acknowledged players complained last year about the ban.
“Now you feel like you're not so under control,” he said. “You can fend for yourself. You can do what you want, and we can stop hearing the crying.”
Among those still without a beard is outfielder Christian Yelich.
“I can't grow one, bro,” Yelich said. “It doesn't affect me.”
Last year's beard ban was new for Mattingly. The Dodgers allowed facial hair when he was their manager for five seasons, and he wore a mustache when he was an All-Star first baseman for the Yankees.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Africa Centre for Energy Policy (ACEP) is urging government to speed up efforts to pass the Right to Information (RTI) Bill as promised in the New Patriotic Party's (NPP's) manifesto.
The passage of the Bill, ACEP explained, would enhance transparency in the operations of the oil and gas sector, which many experts believe are shrouded in secrecy.
The Deputy Executive Director of ACEP, Mr Benjamin Boakye, said currently, it was difficult to get information on contracts and how revenues were being used because there was no law compelling the state institutions to give out the information.
“We urge the government of Ghana to consolidate the efforts of the past government through the passage of the Petroleum (Exploration and Production) Act, 2016 (Act 917), by passing the Right to Information Bill to enhance transparency in the oil and gas sector as promised in their manifesto,” he said.
He added in an interview on February 9 that, “If you have a law that enables you to demand data from the state institutions, then they will be compelled to give the information. In the absence of that, it is difficult to get information contracts.”
Mr Boakye explained that it was very critical to get information on oil revenues and contracts that were being signed on behalf of the people, something that was currently difficult to get.
Developing regulations
There are a number of regulations for the petroleum upstream sector developed by the previous government. The past government started developing regulations on the Petroleum Act. The Petroleum Commission led the development of Fiscal Metering Regulation, Health and Safety Regulation and Data Management Regulation.
Mr Boakye explained that it was, therefore, necessary for the new government to continue developing regulations for the sector to ensure that operations were guided accordingly.
“We further entreat the government to continue the development of regulations for the upstream sector. The government should continue that process with urgency and also develop regulations on licensing and management of Public Register of Petroleum Agreements,” he said.
Review non-performing contracts
Mr Boakye explained that there was the need for government to review non-performing contracts and prescribe sanctions where necessary.
“We urge government to take a critical look at the non-performing agreements and where companies have failed to fulfil their work obligations, take steps to punish them or abrogate those contracts,” he said.
On how to attract investments into the growing oil and gas sector, he said government ought to put in place investment incentives and ensure that the process of awarding petroleum contracts were open and competitive.
“The remedy into the future is to ensure that there is aggressive investment attraction drive through the application of the new Petroleum Act 2016, which set in motion the transparent process of awarding petroleum contracts through competitive bidding,” he said.
Adeboye predicts better fortune for Nigeria
General Overseer of the Redemmed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has predicted that the downward trend of Nigeria's economy will be halted this year, adding that a reversal will begin.
Giving his prediction during the night service before thousands of worshippers at the Redeemed Camp on the Lagos–Ibadan Expressway, he said on Nigeria: “2017 will be a year of surprises both for the oppressed and the oppressor. Surprise is a two edged sword
“Those deliberately making life difficult for the common man will be relocated. The downward plunge will slow down, stop and reversal will begin.”
For individuals, he predicted that. ”It will be a year of surprises. For prophets both true and false it will be a year of surprises. There will be quite a large number of weddings. Soul winners will see their prophecies fulfilled almost as soon as they are uttered.”
His prediction on what will happen in the world this year is that “There will be surprises for many world governments. They are coming in twos: monster earthquakes, monster floods, hurricanes and typhoons, monster tornadoes and monster fire outbreaks.”
The post Adeboye predicts better fortune for Nigeria appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
(CNN) — Rudy Giuliani said he doesn't think President Donald Trump will fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions before special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation concludes.
“There's no doubt he's complained about him,” Giuliani, who is currently serving as Trump's lawyer, told reporters on Wednesday. “There's no doubt he has some, some grievances. I don't know if they've aired them out yet, but he's not going to fire him before this is over, nor do I think he should.”
Sessions recused himself from any investigation relating to Trump's presidential bid in March 2017 after being tapped for US attorney general, which in turn put Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in charge of overseeing the Russia probe, led by Mueller.
“Remember, special counsel writes a report,” Giuliani said. “Once the report is out, I'd have to read it, but it would seem to me then (Trump) takes whatever action he believes is necessary as President.”
Giuliani said Trump “goes back and forth” on Sessions.
A source familiar with discussions inside the Trump's legal team said the President did press Sessions to reverse his decision to recuse himself in the Russia investigation, as The New York Times first reported. The source said Trump was bothered by the scope of Sessions' decision to recuse, viewing it as going overboard.
Trump, the source said, has held a grudge against Sessions ever since, noting that's the President's style and quipping he has “held grudges against people since he was 29 years old.”
Another source familiar with the discussions tells CNN that Sessions met with Trump at Mar-a-Lago soon after the recusal and there was a confrontation. This source said nothing has changed the Sessions relationship with Trump — it is still day-by-day, and they speak when they have to.
In addition to his comments on Sessions, Giuliani told reporters he didn't think Trump would fire Mueller.
“I don't think he's going to fire Mueller, Mueller is creating his own problems,” Giuliani said.
He again called on Mueller to conclude his investigation by September.
“Well, if he doesn't file his report by September 1, mid-September, he's clearly doing a Comey,” Giuliani added, referencing ex-FBI Director James Comey.
If Mueller doesn't wrap up the investigation soon, it's likely to become a big part of Trump's midterm election messaging, according to the first source.
The source familiar with the discussions inside Trump's legal team told CNN the President is directing much of the political strategy now when it comes to the Mueller probe, pointing to Trump's unproven claim that Mueller's team will be meddling in the upcoming midterms.
That's a sign the President and his team are going to continue to use the Mueller probe as a political weapon heading into the fall elections.
“That's bad for the country,” the source said, adding “it's likely to get worse.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
The Big Bitcoin Heist: 600 Powerful Computers Stolen in Iceland
Some 600 computers used to "mine" bitcoin and other virtual currencies have been stolen from data centers in Iceland in what police say is the biggest series of thefts ever in the North Atlantic island nation.
Some 11 people were arrested, including a security guard, in what Icelandic media have dubbed the "Big Bitcoin Heist." A judge at the Reykjanes District Court on Friday ordered two people to remain in custody.
The powerful computers, which have not yet been found, are worth almost $2 million. But if the stolen equipment is used for its original purpose -- to create new bitcoins -- the thieves could turn a massive profit in an untraceable currency without ever selling the items.
"This is a grand theft on a scale unseen before," said Olafur Helgi Kjartansson, the police commissioner on the southwestern Reykjanes peninsula, where two of the burglaries took place. "Everything points to this being a highly organized crime."
Three of four burglaries took place in December and a fourth took place in January, but authorities did not make the news public earlier in hopes of tracking down the thieves.
Bitcoin is a kind of digital money that isn't tied to a bank or a government. It has been hugely volatile, posting some dizzying intra-day rises and falls over the past year or so. The price of a single bitcoin rocketed to nearly $20,000 late last year and then plunged early this year. On Friday, it was trading just below the $11,000 mark.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies rely on the blockchain, the name given to the public, distributed ledgers which track the coins' ownership. The Bitcoin ledger is powered by "miners," so-called because they throw computational power into the system, occasionally receiving -- or "mining" -- new bitcoins in return. Drumming up that computational power usually means lots of computers -- and thus lots of electricity.
That desire for energy has created a gold rush for bitcoin in Iceland. Traders searching for cheap, renewable energy have been flooding into the island in recent months to take advantage of its geothermal and hydroelectric power plants.
Police tracking the stolen computers are monitoring electric consumption across the country in hopes the thieves will show their hand, according to an industry source who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not allowed to speak to the media.
Unusually high energy usage might reveal the whereabouts of the illegal bitcoin mine.
Authorities this week called on local internet providers, electricians and storage space units to report any unusual requests for power.
In Edinburgh on Friday, Bank of England Governor Mark Carney launched a withering attack on cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin and urged regulators around the world to monitor them in the same way as other financial assets.
In a speech to the Scottish Economics conference, Carney said a "global speculative mania" has "encouraged a proliferation of new cryptocurrencies" and said they should be held to the "same standards" as the rest of the financial system.
"Being part of the financial system brings enormous privileges, but with them great responsibilities," Carney said.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Emergency crews are on the scene at the Wisconsin State Fair after the Cream Puff Pavilion was evacuated late Sunday afternoon.
TODAY'S TMJ4 has learned that the area was evacuated after a fire alarm was pulled.
EMTs are on the scene attending to some of the people in the crowd. Witnesses say there was a panic after reports of a gun, but officials say no shots were fired and no gun was present.
People are being let back in to the building.
Sunday is the last day of the State Fair.
The Spurs won that series in five games. They made it look easy at times, too.
"Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out," Kerr said. "I think his confidence level in his shot is the biggest thing. But I think it is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in his career. It's a testament to his work ethic and to his work on his skillset."
The Warriors have more talent, by a very wide margin. They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green. They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant. They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench, or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept him sidelined of late.
The Cavaliers have James.
That represents hope. He makes the Cavs better. He even makes the Warriors better.
"LeBron's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that, you've got to do it, day after day," Durant said. "A lot of people don't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day, you know what I'm saying? So that's inspiration right there. That's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well."
Once that TV went on Monday night, James locked in on this series.
Around-the-clock treatment on his body Tuesday, including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team's flight to San Francisco. Treatment and workouts on Wednesday. Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday. Then game time.
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game, he doesn't know what will happen in Game 1.
But he's ready. He's always ready.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
What we need in this region now is a dose of some non-conventional diplomacy. The kind of diplomacy I'm talking about takes place behind closed doors and not in the media. The rules of this kind of diplomacy are basically that there are no rules.
The players in this kind of non-conventional diplomacy have to be strong enough, intelligent enough, and able to see the geo-political negative consequences of not acting in this way. These leaders need to perceive that the current threats to their regimes, countries, and people are serious enough to provide the push necessary to try something entirely new. The leaders I am talking about include Egyptian President Abed Fatah al-Sisi, Jordanian King Abdallah II, Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The unconventional diplomacy centers around the role of President Sisi of Egypt who has already demonstrated unusual utilization of his own personal authority and Egypt's importance and is once again taking up the issue of Palestinian reconciliation. Egypt is the only country and Sisi is the only leader who have any real leverage over the Hamas leadership in Gaza.Abbas, on the other hand is facing the final period of his leadership. He is not healthy and the Palestinian Authority is in its weakest position since President Arafat was under siege in the Ramallah Muqat'a headquarters during the height of the Second Intifada.Hamas is financially and politically bankrupt and incapable of governing Gaza. The Hamas leadership appears to be bogged down in its own internal crisis of decision-making – lacking direction and strategy for the immediate future. Egypt has been the main player pushing for Palestinian reconciliation, which largely means putting the Palestinian Authority back into power in Gaza. But reconciliation has failed over the refusal of Hamas to surrender its arms or to place its security forces under the control of the Palestinian Authority.Egypt will probably not be able to get Hamas to surrender its arms, but it can create some kind of mechanism, supported by other Arab states to limit the possibilities of Hamas using those arms. This is essential to move the reconciliation process forward which is becoming urgent for not only the future of Gaza but for also enabling Presidential and Parliamentary elections to take place in Palestine after Abbas's exit from the Presidency.The situation in Gaza has to change. Israel has to allow significant economic and infrastructure development to occur in Gaza which the international community is prepared to pay for. Israel has made it clear to Hamas, Abbas and to Sisi that Hamas must return the bodies of Israeli soldiers Hadar Goldin and Oron Shaul, and the believed to be alive Israeli civilians Avera Mengisto and Hisham al-Sayed.Hamas is demanding that Israel release those Palestinian prisoners who were released in the Gilad Schalit deal in 2011 and rearrested in 2014. Israel must release all of those who did not return to terrorism. There are about 40 such prisoners. In addition, Israel will be required to release other Palestinian prisoners in a deal which seems to be the only way to bring the bodies and the civilians home.Indirect negotiations on this issue have been taking place for more than 3 years and no progress can be reported.Hamas wants a deal. Israel wants a deal. The price has not been agreed to. It will end up being less than Hamas is demanding, and more than Israel is offering. I believe that a deal can be made and it should be made quickly.The PA must be a partner to the developments in Gaza, which means that Abbas must remove the sanctions of the PA on Gaza.Israel has demanded that the PA be returned to power in Gaza, while at the same time refuses to see the PA as a partner for peace. Okay – peace is not on the agenda right now, but reaching agreements and implementable arrangements for preventing the next war and increasing the security for Israelis, Palestinian, Egyptians and Jordanians must be on the agenda.It seems that Sisi and Egypt have the key role to play here, but nothing is possible without the willingness for all of the parties to get inside the room. Perhaps it is not possible to put them all together in the same room at the same time, but they all need to be part and parcel of the understandings that are required to increase security and to prevent uprisings and wars.All of the parties have a lot more to gain than what they can achieve by not being part of a deal. Immediate improvements in Gaza have to be on the table. That also means stopping attacks from Gaza and the continuous waves of kites and balloons setting fire to the Western Negev. Keeping the status quo in Jerusalem holy sites – al-Aqsa-Temple Mount compound – without provocations from Jews or violence from Palestinians.Additional right-wing legislation in the Knesset against that PA and the Palestinian economy should be delayed in favor of the unconventional diplomacy that could advance other solutions regarding the PA support of the families of terrorists.Getting inside the room, leveraging Egypt's power and authority as a central power in the immediate region's geopolitics with the assistance of Jordan, with financial and political support added to the mix from the Arab Gulf States – including Israel, the PA and Hamas behind decision making and agreement on arrangements can help to put the future of Gaza on a better course, lay down a more secure possibility for post Abbas transition and prevent the next war.The complexity of these issues and the necessary interactions and agreements between the various players require for them to be dealt with within the immediate region by the main actors in a way that enables cooperation and fosters security and stability.The author is a political and social entrepreneur who has dedicated his life to the State of Israel and to peace between Israel and her neighbors. His latest book In Pursuit of Peace in Israel and Palestine was published by Vanderbilt University Press.
Six buildings on Brindleyplace have been sold
Six buildings on Birmingham's Brindleyplace estate have been bought by part of HSBC for in excess of £260 million.
US property group Hines has sold the group to HSBC Alternative Investments after placing them on the market in autumn 2015.
The buildings comprise 500,000 sq ft of mixed use space and the sale follows the collapse of a deal to Middle East investors a year ago.
Hines UK, which acquired part of the estate off Broad Street for £190 million with Moorfield in 2010, will be retained as asset manager.
Raj Rajput, managing director of Hines UK, said: "We are proud to have managed Brindleyplace over the last seven years.
"It continues to be one of the most desirable office locations in Birmingham."
The overall estate covers 17 acres and comprises a mix of office and leisure buildings including several bars and restaurants, totalling more than one million square feet.
Property consultancies CBRE and Colliers advised Hines.
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Opponents of Gov. Scott Walker's welfare overhaul package, which includes what would be some of the nation's toughest work requirements for food stamp recipients, said Wednesday that the proposed changes would be counter-productive and make it more difficult for the poor to get out of poverty.
Walker's proposals were the subject of a joint public hearing Wednesday, two weeks after the two-term Republican incumbent called for the Legislature to take up the measures in a special session. An Assembly committee planned to vote on them Thursday, a quick turnaround that could make them available for passage in February.
Democrats and other opponents argue the changes were going too fast without consideration of what they would mean to the poor people affected.
But Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos co-sponsored nine of the bills, a signal that they're poised to move easily through the GOP-controlled Assembly. He said that increasing the work and job training requirement for able-bodied adults and, for the first time, parents on food stamps would help get them back in the workforce.
"Public assistance was never intended to be permanent and this package will help us do our part in moving more people into the workforce and preventing fraud and abuse," Vos testified.
Republican state Sen. Chris Kapenga, another co-sponsor, said his parents were on food stamps and he grew up in poverty. That personal experience, along with learning the value of hard work by hauling manure on a pig farm, taught him the importance of holding down a job, he said.
"You can't get there if you're not working," Kapenga said. "It's the only solution."
Walker has defended the package as a way to get everyone who is able to hold down a job into the workforce. Wisconsin's unemployment rate is 3 percent, which is tied for its lowest on record, and employers have long complained of having a worker shortage to fill available openings.
But opponents say they will actually make it harder for people to get out of poverty. Those registered against the bills include the Wisconsin Catholic Conference, Hunger Task Force, the Wisconsin Council of Churches, the Wisconsin Alliance for Women's Health, and Kids Forward.
Americans for Prosperity, a conservative group funded by the billionaire Koch brothers, was the only group to register in support of the work requirements for food stamp recipients.
The bills heard Wednesday would expand the current food stamp work requirement that only covers able-bodied childless adults to include parents with school-aged children between the ages of 6 and 18 starting in October 2019. Walker also wants to increase the minimum work or job training hours for both adults and parents from 20 to 30 hours a week. If enacted, Wisconsin would be one of the first states to increase work requirements for food stamp recipients to 30 hours a week, the maximum allowed by federal law.
The current requirement has led to about 25,000 able-bodied food stamp participants finding work and more than 80,000 cases of members who lost their benefits through December.
-- require drug screening, testing and treatment to be eligible for public housing. Walker has already asked President Donald Trump's administration for approval to drug-test Medicaid and food stamp recipients.
-- require photo IDs to participate in the food stamp program, which would require federal approval and has only been done in Massachusetts and Missouri. Critics say this would be cumbersome to administer and wouldn't help anyone get a job, while supporters say it would cut down on fraud.
-- prohibit participation in Medicaid for any able-bodied adults who refused to cooperate with paternity determination of a child, establishing or enforcing any child support order or obtaining other payments a child has a right to receive.
-- forbid anyone from receiving food stamps and other Medicaid benefits if they own a home worth double the median value home -- or about $321,000 -- or own a vehicle worth more than $20,000.
"We don't think someone driving a brand-new Cadillac or Lexus should be on public assistance," Kapenga said.
HOW DO WE PRAY AGAINST EVIL LIKE THAT OF THE NORTH KOREA DICTATOR? WHAT WAS GOD'S PLAN OF SALVATION FOR ALL OF THE MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WHO DID NOT KNOW GOD AND ESPECIALLY NEVER KNEW JESUS?
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Fans Upset; Trend #DontEndKasam On Twitter
The fans are upset with the makers and the channel who have decided to end the show. They feel it is unfair to end the show, although the show had got extension for a year! They have started trending #DontEndKasam on Twitter.
Fans' Comments: Aiza.krashaians
"Kasam deserves a fair chance. @ektaravikapoor @ColorsTV @rajcheerfull gave us extension to next year march.suddenly u guys want to pull it off.if u will pull off suddenly,things will end abruptly.Plz don't do this #DontEndKasam." - (sic)
Monu & Suzaandsouza
Monu: ‏Totally unfair decision for this new love story don't end it abruptly #DontEndKasam @ektaravikapoor @ColorsTV @BalajiTMonline. - (sic)
@suzaandsouza23: #DontEndKasam this two talented ppl dont deserve this kind of sudden ending we want one chance for new story and new cast @ColorsTV @ektaravikapoor. - (sic)
@Sahana2606
"Please #DontEndKasam this is the only show I watch and it's the best show with best cast and crew they are doing a wonderful job please we want Kasam please please please we fans really love this show @ektaravikapoor @colorstv @rajcheerfull." - (sic)
Krasha ❤ #Dontendkasam
"Kratika - "When moments become memories they are cherished in hearts❤️ Let this be one 🙏🏼" I find this very heartbreaking.Tears feel down my face. I am not ready for it 😭 😢 please #dontendkasam.please give us a happy news @ektaravikapoor." - (sic)
@kasam_loverss
"#DontEndKasam the show was given an extension, unfair 😢 if you really want to end it, at least don't end it so suddenly, give at least 2-3 months extension so that there can be a nice happy ending to the story ❤️ at least reconsider 😐" - (sic)
Garima mago
‏"Keep d trend going on guys #DontEndKasam spam colors balaji ekta on both twitter Nd insta as much u can...No one from #Kasam team wnts it to end abruptly...Bach Jayega show keep trying 👍😘 @ektaravikapoor @ColorsTV Nd ask for 11pm slot bs vohi mil skta hai." - (sic)
The next phase of the Courtyard Homeless Resource Center was scheduled to start May 17 in the downtown Las Vegas area.
Demolition will start at 9:30 a.m. at 1401 Las Vegas Boulevard North, according to a statement from the City of Las Vegas.
The statement said Mayor Carolyn G. Goodman and Ward 3 Councilman Bob Coffin will initiate the building demolitions where the Courtyard will be built.
[RELATED: New resource center for Las Vegas homeless to open]
Salvation Army Major Randy Kinnamon is scheduled to join Mayor Goodman and Councilman Coffin in the demolition at an adjacent property to where the Courtyard is located, according to the statement.
The initial phase of the Courtyard opened last year and there have been over 5,000 service requests with assisting the homeless.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the nation on the country's Independence Day from the ramparts of the historical Red Fort in New Delhi, India, Tuesday, Aug. 15, 2017. India is commemorating its independence in 1947 from British colonial rule. In the background is Jama Masjid. Manish Swarup AP Photo
BBC mystery series Strike has many twists and turns, but by the end it may not be the identity of any murderers, the mysterious backstory to Strike's ex-fiancé Charlotte, or even why an adaptation of a book by JK Rowling is credited to Robert Galbraith that has viewers scratching their heads.
Advertisement
Instead, they might be baffled as to how the series managed to portray Strike's amputated leg quite so seamlessly, with the character's book-accurate missing limb displayed in several scenes despite star Tom Burke not being disabled in that way himself.
“It's partly imitation, partly technical,” Burke recently told RadioTimes.com – and while the other mysteries of Strike may remain unsolved until later episodes, we do have some information on this one, with series director Michael Keillor (who worked on first mystery The Cuckoo's Calling last year) explaining the filming techniques in more depth to RadioTimes.com at a preview screening.
“There were a few different tricks that we employed,” Keillor said.
“I was very keen that we see the [prosthetic] leg off, [with] Tom and no leg all in one shot, not just done with a cutaway. And I'd seen this film, Rust & Bone, where Marion Cotillard gets both her legs taken off in an accident. So I kind of studied how they did that using greenscreen technology, then we used trick photography to remove the leg.”
Cutting himself short, Keillor said: “I don't want to give away all the tricks, in case the other directors do it differently as the books go on! But yeah, we basically digitally removed it then replaced the stump.
Tom Burke and Holliday Grainger in Strike
“We also had a double who was a very close double for Tom's legs, who only had one leg, but exactly the same injury. So we doubled up that whenever we're going very very close and seeing the leg.”
“It's a balance – we didn't wanna see too much of the leg so it becomes leg porn, it is a BBC1 drama,” Keillor reasoned.
“At the same time we didn't wanna shy away from it, it's a guy who's lost his leg in an IED in Afghanistan. It's so common now, we see these soldiers who have all sorts of different things. It's in the public mind.”
And even when the missing leg wasn't in view (Strike uses a prosthetic most of the time), Tom Burke took care to make sure he was moving as a man with that particular disability would, working with amputees to get the movement just right.
“I asked as many questions as I could think of,” Bruke recalled, “and spent about a day with a movement director called Toby Sedgwick.
“And a guy called Barney [Gillespie] who is incredibly generous with his time, who had basically the same condition. And a day going upstairs, downstairs, sitting down, standing up. Sort of everything you could think of, trying to break it down to what one notices and what one doesn't notice.”
Strike's new mystery Career of Evil, meanwhile, sees the detective actually running on his prosthetic leg for an extended period of time – so how did Burke manage to portray Strike's discomfort?
“I said to Barney [Gillespie] really near the beginning, ‘How would it be running on one?' Because it's a very particular type of prosthetic leg and you get different kinds,” Burke recalled.
“And he said, well you wouldn't. So we talked about that more and [how] it would be really painful to run on one of those because it's just not what it's built for. You'd only do it if you really had to so then it was weighing up well he really has to because of the situation they're in and yeah, he probably has got some kind of probably quite pain threshold from everything he's been through and then there's the point where he can't go on any more. So there was a fair amount of imagination about it, as well as asking lots of questions.”
Advertisement
In the end, we'd say the finished effect is pretty convincing – but have a watch yourself and see what you think.
Carmelo Anthony feels he's gone from New York to the U.S. Olympic Team again.
While Anthony has sustained only losing in New York the past four years, he won two Olympic gold medals as star for Team USA during his six-year, seven-month Knicks stint that ended one week ago.
Over the weekend, Anthony said he felt “born again'' and compared being on Oklahoma City with playing for Team USA, with studs Russell Westbrook and Paul George on his side. Anthony won a Team USA-record three Olympic golds in total (2008, 2012, 2016).
The Melo-free Knicks open their preseason against the Nets on Tuesday, and Anthony's first game in a Thunder uniform is the same evening. Ironically, it's against the Rockets, for whom he held out all summer for a trade. The game will be played in Tulsa, Okla.
Anthony was asked over the weekend what the “Olympic Melo'' means.
“Olympic Melo connotation comes into play [where] I'm surrounded by great players,'' Anthony said. “I try to get where the game is easier for myself, easier for everybody else. That's where I can come in and not have to do too much and bring my game and help me blend with other guys.
“I've always been a product of my environment. Whatever environment wants from me, that's what I give my environment. This environment is different, reminds me of being around Olympic teams, those great teams.''
Left unsaid is Anthony's private belief that Knicks management never put enough around him to win a title, although a veteran-laden team in 2012-13 won 54 games before bowing out in the second round. For all his 10,000-plus points he scored in a Knicks jersey, he won just one playoff round and missed the playoffs four times in seven seasons.
Anthony knows his four-year playoff drought is about to end.
“I'm like born again a little bit,'' Anthony said. “I feel like I'm in college again. My second college campus being around in a city with a college feel. The energy and joy is back with the game of basketball. I can feel it when I wake up. That energy is different. I think you'll see something special.''
Still, he won't commit long term to Oklahoma City despite Russell Westbrook's five-year extension signed over the weekend. Anthony has an opt-out after the season.
While saying he was “happy'' and commended Westbrook for “showing this organization his commitment and the city of Oklahoma his commitment to them, too,'' he refused to answer questions about his future.
“I'm going to tell you right now I'm not even answering those questions,'' Anthony said. “I don't want to touch those questions right now and alter my focus and vision right now being in training camp and getting things rolling and reestablishing something here.”
Anthony is now playing for a defensive-minded coach in Billy Donovan and made a sentiment rarely heard from his lips during his offensive-minded time in New York. Anthony will face the Knicks in the real season opener, Oct. 19 in Oklahoma City – as fate would have it.
“We honestly believe we can be one of the best defensive teams in the NBA,'' Anthony said. “That's been our focus so far.”
Photo
NEW ORLEANS — How is a little Pacific island like the planet Mars?
Let James Garvin count the ways.
In December 2014, an underwater volcano amid the islands of Tonga in the South Pacific erupted. When the eruption ended and ashes settled a month later, a new island had emerged, rising 400 feet above the ocean's surface.
Scientists unofficially named the island Hunga Tonga-Hunga Ha'apai, a concatenation of two older, uninhabited islands it nestles between.
Photo
Since then, scientists have been tracking how the new land mass has eroded and shifted. What they have found could make the island a Rosetta Stone to understanding volcanic features on Mars that also appear to have erupted underwater, providing clues about when the red planet was wet several billion years ago.
“We see things that remind us of this kind of volcano at similar scales on Mars,” said Dr. Garvin, the chief scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. “And literally, there are thousands of them, in multiple regions.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He and colleagues presented the findings on Monday at a news conference at a meeting of the American Geophysical Union here.
Photo
Networks of river channels chiseled into Mars persuasively argue that liquid water once flowed across the red planet, but the current thinking of many planetary scientists is that Mars remained frozen through much of its history, punctuated with episodes of melting and flowing water.
DETROIT (AP) — At least 40 girls and women said they were molested by a Michigan sports doctor over a 14-month period while the FBI at the same time was aware that Larry Nassar had been accused of molesting gymnasts, a newspaper reported Saturday.
The FBI became aware of Nassar in July 2015 when it was contacted by USA Gymnastics, which trains athletes for the Olympics. But he wasn't publicly exposed until The Indianapolis Star published allegations by a victim in 2016, The New York Times reported.
In the meantime, Nassar continued to see young female athletes, especially gymnasts, or dancers while working at Michigan State University. USA Gymnastics, where he was a team doctor, cut ties with him in 2015.
Nassar, 54, has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sexual assault. He'll get another sentence Monday in Eaton County, Michigan. Both cases were filed by the Michigan attorney general under state law. Nassar admitted penetrating females with ungloved hands when they visited him for various injuries. The number of victims who have come forward exceeds 250, going back decades.
Federal authorities in Michigan ultimately charged Nassar with child pornography after police found thousands of images in his trash. That led to a separate 60-year prison sentence.
The Times said the FBI declined to answer detailed questions about how it handled assault allegations forwarded by Indianapolis-based USA Gymnastics. In a brief statement, the FBI told the newspaper that the allegations "transcended jurisdictions," apparently a reference to Texas, Michigan and other places where Nassar was suspected of molesting people.
Asked why families and coaches weren't alerted, W. Jay Abbott, who led the FBI office in Indianapolis, said: "That's where things can get tricky."
"There is a duty to warn those who might be harmed in the future," said Abbott, who retired in January. "But everyone is still trying to ascertain whether a crime has been committed."
He said "everybody has rights here," including Nassar.
(CNN Money) — Netflix's more than 100 million subscribers will have many new original shows to binge watch in the next few years. The company has $15.7 billion (yes a billion!) in obligations committed to streaming content deals.
CEO Reed Hastings said at a conference earlier this year that $6 billion of that is for this year alone.
So will you have to eventually pay more to watch your favorite Netflix shows? Perhaps. Netflix has actually started to raise its monthly subscription fees in some markets.
It clearly needs to differentiate itself as other media companies, especially Disney, start to look at Netflix as more of a foe than friend. That means Netflix will likely spend even more money on content to replace some of the shows it will one day lose.
Just last week, Disney announced plans to start its own streaming service in 2019. The House of Mouse will eventually move many Disney movies and TV shows from Netflix to that new, yet-to-be-namok cd streaming venture.
But even though Disney owns the Star Wars galaxy, Netflix is the streaming media empire that is striking back. Netflix quickly countered with a move that could potentially hurt Disney's ABC network.
Netflix has signed Shonda Rhimes, the writer/creator responsible for mega hits “Grey's Anatomy,” “Scandal” and “How to Get Away with Murder, to a multi-year deal.
Terms of the Rhimes deal weren't disclosed. But it's reasonable to wonder if Netflix may need to boost its monthly subscription rate to help pay for this and other new programs.
In its most recent quarterly earnings filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Netflix said that “we expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change.”
Related: Shonda Rhimes is leaving ABC for Netflix
In the U.S., the company currently has three tiers of pricing. A basic streaming plan costs $7.99 per month, a standard streaming plan is $9.99 and a premium plan is $11.99.
So another price hike in the U.S. seems unlikely anytime soon — no matter how much Netflix is spending on “Shondaland” shows, a new Western from the Coen Brothers and other original programs.
Netflix did increase prices in Australia earlier this summer and just raised prices in Canada last week as well.
On the one hand, the company may not need to raise prices too much if it keeps adding subscribers and racking up more revenue and profits. Netflix is expected to report a more than 25% increase in sales for 2017 and that earnings will double.
Netflix shares are still up about 40% this year. The company's market value is nearly $75 billion, making it worth more than traditional media companies Fox, CBS and Viacom and only slightly less than CNNMoney owner Time Warner.
However, shares of Netflix have taken a bit of a hit in the past week since Disney announced its own streaming plans. Keep in mind that Netflix will have to continue to spend a lot of its own money if it intends to add more A-list talent for original programs.
Though Netflix's cash levels are up in the past few months, it is also piling on more debt. The company finished the second quarter with $3.4 billion in long-term debt, up from $2.9 billion at the end of December.
John Janedis, an analyst with Jefferies, said in a report that Netflix is “aggressively shifting to owned original content” and added that the company's recent deal to buy comic book publisher Millarworld “further exemplifies the importance of owned IP.”
Translation: Netflix will need to keep raising cash if it wants to still have hits once shows like “Orange is the New Black” and “House of Cards” finally end their runs.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
A national drive to provide 100 percent of Kenya's population with electricity by 2020 and reduce load losses is gaining momentum, steered by a multi-billion-dollar project pipeline.
Supplying hard-to-reach rural areas that are currently off-grid forms a key part of the government's efforts, and has opened doors to private investors and developers as Kenya's state-owned utilities look to tap funding for projects.
Their efforts are expected to receive a boost in the early part of 2017 with the launch of a framework for public-private partnerships (PPPs), which will play a pivotal part in plugging funding gaps.
Key to Kenya's plans is a bid to double the number of customers connected to the country's high-voltage transmission grid to 9m by 2018.
The KSh362bn ($ 3.5bn) initiative, which is being coordinated by the state-owned utility Kenya Electricity Transmission Company (Ketraco), includes installing 8300 km of new lines, which will extend the grid's reach to 80 percent of the population.
Dovetailing with this effort is the Last Mile Connectivity Project (LMCP), a separate, phased initiative launched in April, which specifically targets the supply of electricity to inhabitants of rural areas through more effective use of existing distribution transformers.
Households within a 600-metre radius of more than 5000 of the country's transformers will receive electricity under the initiative, which includes the construction of 12,000 km of low-voltage distribution lines and is expected to be completed within 18 months.
The post Kenya To Make Electricity Available For 100 Percent Of Its Population appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
The director of the Secret Service is stepping down. Joseph Clancy informed his colleagues of his decision to retire, effective March 4, saying that "for personal reasons, it is time." Clancy, 61, says he wants to spend more time with his family.
Clancy was brought back to the Secret Service as director by former President Obama in 2014 after a string of security lapses and misconduct by agents and officers.
He had left the agency for a job in the private sector in 2011 after serving as the head of Obama's protective detail.
Obama asked Clancy to return to the service as acting director after then-Director Julia Pierson was asked to resign. Clancy took over an agency in turmoil, with reports of carousing agents and security breaches, the most embarrassing when an Iraq War veteran scaled the White House fence and made it into the White House itself before being stopped.
In his letter to Secret Service staff, Clancy said he can assure them that "better days are ahead for this Agency with new leadership at the Director's position" and that he could not be "more impressed, more grateful and more proud of all of you."
The Secret Service has some 7,000 employees and is charged with investigating counterfeiting as well as protecting the president, vice president, their families, former presidents and other dignitaries.
President Trump, who Clancy said has been "very supportive" of the agency, will be able to name a replacement.
Blog: IIoT expands the maintenance maturity model
Analytics, remote monitoring enabled by IIoT enable new, more effective maintenance strategies that move users from reactive or condition-based to predictive and prescriptive maintenance
With the emergence of Industrial IoT (IIoT), collecting data from equipment is moving from paper-based, manual inspections to automated systems. This improves both data quality and quantity. IIoT-enabled remote asset monitoring also dramatically expands the number and variety of parameters that can be monitored cost effectively. Combined with today's more advanced analytics, these data enable industrial organizations to implement new, more effective maintenance strategies to progress further along on the maturity continuum from reactive, to preventive, too condition-based to predictive, and – ultimately – to prescriptive maintenance. With higher maintenance maturity, comes broader business benefits that go beyond reducing…
Should you shower with eucalyptus to get sinus relief? The antibacterial properties of eucalyptus will open up your nasal passages and reduce any inflammation in the area.
Eucalyptus showers can boost your immune system and improve your mood. ~
So you think you've tried everything to relieve your sinusitis? But have you tried showering with eucalyptus? It might just be nature's answer.
Natural cleanse
Eucalyptus forms part of the diet of the Australian koala bear, but luckily you won't have to eat it to reap the benefits; we're just suggesting you shower with it.
Eucalyptus, originally used as a medicine by the Aborigines, is packed with all kinds of healing properties. Unlock these properties by popping this nutrient-rich plant in your shower.
You can buy some fresh eucalyptus branches from your local florist. Tie them together with some garden twine; it's a little more absorbent than cotton twine. Once you have a big enough bouquet, attach the bouquet to your shower head with some more twine.
Do not hang the leaves directly under the stream of water, as this will make them spoil sooner. Once your "nature shower" is set up, let the steam do its thing.
Replace the leaves every two weeks.
Breathe in deeply
The steam from the shower will help to release the essential oils from the plant. Its antibacterial properties will open up your nasal passages and reduce any inflammation in the area. Eucalyptus has also been known to remedy sinus headaches efficiently.
You'll be able to relieve any congestion or stuffiness as it helps to push out phlegm. By breathing in deeply, the calming aroma can rid your mind and body of stress, alleviate pain and improve your mood.
It is said that the plant is capable of boosting your immune system and its anti-parasitic properties can also help repel or treat head lice.
However, be careful with it around your pets. Eucalyptus can be toxic to cats and dogs if ingested.
If you're not that eager to have your bathroom smelling like eucalyptus, but you still want to reap the benefits of the oils, you can buy the oil from a wellness store or pharmacy.
Add some drops to your temples to get rid of sinus headaches. Try adding two to three drops of eucalyptus oil to some water and inhale deeply to help relieve sinuses.
Image credit: iStock
The Federal Reserve decided to hike interest rates again Wednesday, taking the short term interest rate it controls, the federal funds rate, up by about 0.25 percentage points to between 1% and 1.25%. This is the fourth such hike since December 2015, and will pump the brakes on economic activity.
Rates had been at just above zero for seven years as the Fed tried to stimulate the economy during and after the financial crisis and Great Recession.
When the Fed last hiked rates in March, the officials who set monetary policy predicted there would be two more rate increases this year, and many Fed watchers predict the next one will come in September. While unemployment has trended lower in the last year, sinking from 4.7% to 4.3%, inflation, the change in consumer prices over time, has been remained below its 2% target, which suggests that the economy is not in danger of imminently overheating.
The Federal Reserve is charged with maintaining "maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates." The Fed has since said that a 2% inflation rate is "most consistent over the longer run" with that mandate.
In its statement about the rate hike, the Fed said that "the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been rising moderately so far this year," while "inflation has declined recently and, like the measure excluding food and energy prices, is running somewhat below 2%." The Fed also noted that consumer spending and business investment "has continued to expand."
The Federal Open Market Committee, which makes monetary policy decisions, had only one dissenter from the decision, Neel Kashkari, the president of the Mineeapolis Fed.
The Fed's move to hike up rates despite years below the 2% inflation target has drawn criticism, especially from the left and a group of economists has called for the central bank to rethink the target entirely.
Another rate hike will likely mean slighter higher rates on consumer financial products like home and auto loans as the change gets fed through the financial system, but will likely not substantially change interest paid to consumers on savings accounts or certificates of deposits.
Despite years of zero or near-zero rates, deposits have flooded into banks. At the same time, those banks have had to price their loans very competitively with interest rates so low. By increasing the price of their loans and keeping rates paid out to savers low, they can get back some of the profits they've missed out in previous years.
This celebrity once threw out a first pitch at a D-backs game — now look what they've done to him!
More FOX Sports Arizona Videos D-backs dedicate Paul Goldschmidt Field in Goodyear Hot Air: Juuust a bit outside Pop quiz: How well do the D-backs know Torey Lovullo? 2017 D-backs Opening Day introductions WATCH: Madison Bumgarner makes history D-backs Opening Day time lapse More FOX Sports Arizona Videos
To get a sense of what set Mikaela Shiffrin on a path toward skiing domination, you have to understand the Shiffrin family philosophy.
Mikaela and her older brother, Taylor, were not limited to the snow as kids growing up in Vail, Colo., playing whatever they could get their hands on from soccer to tennis to musical instruments. But if they picked up an activity, parents Jeff and Eileen made sure they learned it properly, channeling their youthful energy into a step-by-step skills acquisition.
“Both my mom and dad were ski racers and before Mikaela and I even realized what skiing was, they had us walking around the living room in these tiny, little, plastic Mickey Mouse skis that you just latched onto snow boots,” 25-year-old Taylor Shiffrin told The Post over the phone, just two weeks before the family flies to South Korea to watch Mikaela race for more Olympic hardware.
“My dad likes to say that's how he taught us how to do just about everything. It's not a throw into the deep end, like OK go for it, it's a gentle progression, like we're going to develop their abilities, develop their proprioceptive nerve endings and once they learn how to stand on skis and walk on skis, then we can take them out and put them on snow and progress from there.”
Taylor extended his talents to the University of Colorado ski team. For Mikaela, the steady rise accelerated through her teenage years and has had a flame lit under it in the last two.
With 11 World Cup titles last season and 10 already this season in 20 races, Shiffrin has tied Austrian legend Annemarie Moser-Pröll for the most victories (41) at age 22, and still has until her March 22 birthday to set the mark. Plus she has many more years to catch fellow American Lindsey Vonn, who holds the record for most overall titles with 79.
A .500 winning percentage for the season and a healthy chance at her second consecutive World Cup overall title? Not a bad way for Shiffrin to head into the 2018 Winter Games, her second since becoming the youngest Olympian to win gold in slalom at age 18 in Sochi.
Having added speed events (super-G and downhill) to her bread-and-butter of slalom and giant slalom under second-year coach Mike Day, Shiffrin could realistically win three gold medals in Pyeongchang, which would vault her into a tie for the most all-time among female alpine skiers.
“Most of us are really bad historians within this group, and we never discuss history or end goals,” said Day, who returned to the U.S. Ski Team in 2016 after three years away solely to work with Shiffrin.
“She's very much a process-oriented athlete that's able to put both successes and mediocre results behind her really quickly and just continue moving on. We don't spend a lot of time basking in the glory.”
Despite her blistering start to 2018, Shiffrin looked uncharacteristically human in her last two World Cup races. She placed seventh in the downhill Jan. 20 in Italy and again in the giant slalom a week later in Sweden, after she lost her balance and skied off course while leading by nearly a full second.
Taylor Shiffrin feels strongly his sister, as young as she is, has broken through enough mental walls to cope with mistakes and the added stress of people doubting her.
“[Mikaela] actually does get very, very nervous,” Taylor said. “For some of the past really big races, including the previous Olympics and all of the world championship races, she was so nervous that she was throwing up and couldn't feel her legs.”
“But that is also one of the things that sets her apart because even when she is so nervous that her body is telling her you can't ski this course, she's still somehow able to perform at an unbelievably high level above everybody else.”
Shiffrin's battle against external pressure starts and ends in the gym. Her height (5-foot-7) and weight (142 pounds) haven't changed much since the 2014 Olympics, but the muscle she's put on — she squats 270 pounds these days — has helped her accommodate the physical demands of skiing all five events.
Shriffin's relentless drive to be faster, stronger also stems from her motto, A.B.F.T.T.B or “Always Be Faster Than The Boys,” which comes to life on the back of her helmet.
The motivational phrase takes a backseat with her boyfriend, 26-year-old French ski racer Mathieu Faivre, whom Shiffrin referred to as the “the least complicated thing in my life” in a Sports Illustrated feature.
As Shiffrin's accolades pile up, the question becomes not if she can pass Vonn as the most decorated ski racer in history, but whether her body can continue to withstand the physical toll of the sport. Vonn, 33, has missed years at a time, including the Sochi Olympics, while recovering from horrific injuries, and still sits atop the World Cup leaderboard.
One solution, Taylor points out, is Shiffrin's favorite hobby other than skiing: taking naps. She has been known to take power naps near the starting gate to regenerate right before her races.
It's another example of the deep-seated confidence Shiffrin has in her abilities, though she won't let that translate into an end goal of being “the best ever.”
“I'm not even sure she would admit that to herself,” Taylor said. “Because once you have those kinds of goals or once you shift the focus from the process of being better than what you were yesterday to ‘I want to be the best ever,' you lose sight of what's going to make you the best ever.”
Baby steps to history. It's the Shiffrin way.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
ISIS has claimed responsibility for the deadly New Year's attack at an upscale Istanbul nightclub which left 39 dead.
GREENVILLE, Del. (AP) — A Delaware man wounded in an attack at a New Year's Eve celebration in Istanbul says he survived the attack by playing dead.
William Jacob Raak told NBC News he survived the attack by playing dead and staying silent and motionless, even after being shot.
WCAU-TV reports that Raak's brother says the 35-year-old, a small business owner from Greenville, Delaware, called around 7:30 p.m. ET on New Year's Eve to say he'd been shot in the leg. Michael Raak says his brother was visiting friends in Istanbul.
Istanbul Gov. Vasip Sahin has said the attacker, armed with a long-barreled weapon, killed a policeman and a civilian outside the Reina club before entering and firing at people partying inside. At least 39 people, mostly foreigners, were killed.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Downfall of Toshiba, a nuclear industry titan
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
DENVER — The San Francisco Giants placed right-hander Jeff Samardzija on the 10-day disabled list with shoulder tightness.
Samardzija left his start Tuesday after throwing 23 pitches and giving up two runs in the first inning. He's 1-4 with a 6.56 ERA this season.
The 33-year-old Samardzija said the shoulder ailment is one that "comes and goes. It's one of those things, where you have to deal with it."
To take his place on the roster, the Giants recalled righty Tyler Beede from Triple-A Sacramento. Beede made two starts with San Francisco in April, going 0-1 with a 8.22 ERA.
Khloé Kardashian has been staying relatively under-the-radar since announcing the birth of her daughter True Thompson, but the new mom took a moment to talk about her hopes for her extended family.
"I genuinely wish for all of my siblings that they find everlasting happiness in all that they do!" she wrote on her app. "Life is short, and at times, we put so many others before us, but one of our priorities should be our own happiness. Once you have that, it trickles down to everyone around us. I sincerely wish happiness and peace to my sisters and brother."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Fingers crossed that Khloé takes her own advice and puts her happiness first! Especially since she's still dealing with the aftermath of Tristan Thompson's infidelity and is currently living with him in Cleveland—where things appear to be pretty tense.
"Khloé is very torn on what to do with her and Tristan," a source tells ET. "Khloé loves him deeply. He is the father of her child, but she feels betrayed and blindsided."
Betsy DeVos was confirmed as the next Secretary of Education for the United States on Feb. 7.
This confirmation has been historical, as the Senate vote was deadlocked at 50 votes for and 50 against, including two Republicans who voted against her.
Democrats held a 24-hour filibuster in an attempt to delay the vote and give time for constituents to pressure their Republican representatives in the Senate against voting for DeVos.
Additionally, Vice President Mike Pence had to cast the tie-breaking vote, which has never happened for a Cabinet secretary position before.
What does this controversial appointment mean for the future of public education?
DeVos has expressed that her political efforts “are focused on advancing educational choices,” as her website states. Choices in schooling are beneficial since both teaching and learning techniques vary widely.
Where Democrats say they want to expand public schooling and increase the quality of education, DeVos' career has consisted of defunding public schools and advocating for charter schools.
DeVos's stances on other issues are not clear. She has historically been pro-Common Core in K-12 schooling, but has recently said she opposes it.
Primary education is meant to enlighten the children that will lead the future of this country, and provide everyone with an equal chance to advance themselves and contribute to society.
Throughout history, the U.S. has struggled with providing equal opportunity to all children.
In 1851, it became a requirement for all children to attend school, but it was not until 1905, 55 years later, that children of Chinese immigrants were allowed to attend school.
It was not until 1954 with the Brown v. Board of Education ruling that segregated schools were deemed illegal and must be abolished.
DeVos' stance of privatizing education through the defunding of public schools, including universities, will potentially recultivate a segregation that the U.S. only eliminated roughly 60 years ago.
The segregation will be between social classes if the wealthy will be able to send their children to whichever private school they wish, while the lower and middle class families will not have those same choices.
Left with either public schooling that will become far sub-par with no federal funding, or private school that will drive families into debt, the consistency of education quality may suffer.
Samantha Stein
News Editor
sstei173@uwsp.edu
*OPINION*
The sidewalks of Kings Beach are adorned with colorful splashes of art fastened to a few of the town's new streetlights. A multicolored bear banner perches near the entrance to Tahoe Market, and skiers sashaying down a snowy mountain decorate the streetlight in front of Rite-Aid.
The new Kings Beach Art Walk is part of an effort by the North Tahoe Business Association to promote the Kings Beach community and public art on the community's new streetlights that line Highway 28.
“Like Anytown, USA, this allows a community to promote what's happening: upcoming events, et cetera,” says NTBA executive director Joy Doyle.
In early 2016, a few basic welcome banners were installed, as well as ones promoting upcoming events such as Wine on the Water, Tahoe Vista Paddlefest and the Music on the Beach summer concert series. However, instead of using all of the banner-armed streetlights with promotional messages, NTBA decided to mix it up with art banners that would beautify the town and make strolling through the heart of Kings Beach an activity in itself.
“Kings Beach is transforming into a premier Tahoe location and the art walk is very accessible and available year-round for those ages 3 to 100. I really believe that Kings Beach can differentiate itself with public art.”
–Joy Doyle
In November 2016, NTBA put out a call to artists for artwork that was colorful and meaningful and would enhance Kings Beach. Local businesses such as Old Brockway Golf Course, La Mexicana Market & Taqueria, Fifth Element Healing Center and Tahoe Forest Health System contributed the funds to create and install the banners and the chosen artists received a small honorarium.
“I was absolutely floored at how easy it was to get these banners sponsored. We sent one e-mail out with the goal to get eight sponsored art banners and 12 came in,” says Doyle. “We have a supportive community. It's just art on the banners, no logos or artist names.”
Following the call to artists, the NTBA received 56 entries that displayed a variety of concepts in different mediums and styles. A panel of five evaluated the submissions and chose the artwork for the banners.
The committee looked closely at the subject matter and medium, ensuring that there was a variety in what was portrayed.
“It was great receiving all of those entries, but it also made it difficult to choose. Art is subjective, so we tried to stay focused on finding art that blended in with the environment,” Doyle says.
The final selections include art from students at Kings Beach Elementary School and Tahoe Expedition Academy, as well as pieces from local and regional artists including Jude Bischoff, Mike Bond, Anastiscia Chantler-Lang, Jennifer Eyzaguirre, Sue Gross, Pamela Hunt Lee, Kaio Martin, Cathy McClelland and Carrie White.
“This is really just a new way to give locals and guests something nice to look at. Kings Beach is transforming into a premier Tahoe location and the art walk is very accessible and available year-round for those ages 3 to 100. I really believe that Kings Beach can differentiate itself with public art,” says Doyle.
The 15 art banners are interspersed within a 1-mile stretch on the north and south sides of State Route 28.
“It's a proven fact that art creates economic vitality and improves quality of life,” says Doyle, which aligns with NTBA's mission.
For more information about the Kings Beach Art Walk and all of the featured art pieces, visit northtahoebusiness.org.
LVMPD officers investigate the scene of an officer-involved shooting at a west Las Vegas convenience store (FOX5).
Las Vegas Metro police identified an officer who shot a robbery suspect armed with a bat on Saturday.
Police said 39-year-old Sgt. Miguel Garcia shot the suspect on Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard.
Metro said officers were called to investigate a suspicious vehicle tied to two attempted robberies in the area. The man with the bat exited the vehicle as officers pulled into the parking lot. Officers told the man to drop the bat but he ignored them. An officer fired a less lethal shotgun without success and the suspect began to hit the doors to a convenience store with the bat. As he tried to enter the business, Sgt. Garcia fired his gun and struck the suspect.
[RELATED: LVMPD officer shoots baseball bat-wielding robbery suspect]
The suspect was taken to University Medical Center for treatment.
Garcia has been employed with Metro since February 2001. He is assigned to the Community Policing Division, Bolden Area Command.
He has been placed on routine paid administrative leave pending the review of the incident.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and actress Kathy Griffin had "special guests" as they helped CNN's audience welcome in the New Year.
Cooper and Griffin had puppets of themselves before the live televised audience in Times Square while viewers waited for the ball to drop in New York City.
"I've never felt this way about a puppet before," Cooper joked on camera. Griffin's puppet teased Cooper's puppet about drinking on camera.
"I'm trying to get fired by 9:05 p.m.," Cooper's puppet shot back. Watch a clip from the interaction below courtesy of CNN.
SURPRISE: The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel delivers This period drama premiered on Amazon back in March and has been loved by diehard television watchers ever since! It's cool to see the HFPA nominate Amy Sherman-Palladino's show for Best Television Series - Comedy or Musical.
SNUB:...Or Tiffany Haddish The comedian du jour was hands down the biggest highlight of July's Girls Trip, yet she didn't gain a nomination in the Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy category. Instead, predominately white actresses were recognized instead.
SNUB: No love for Tracee Ellis Ross... The Black-ish actress was a first-time Golden Globe nominee back in January, so why is she left out this time around? Meanwhile, her male co-star Anthony Anderson was nominated for Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Comedy or Musical.
The nominations for the 2018 Golden Globes were announced this morning (Dec. 11), and as excepted, it shut out a lot of great contenders in TV and movies. We rounded up all of the actors and directors didn't get their due praise this year, as well as a few nominations that came as a surprise. Let's break them down, shall we?
SNUB: So, where are all the female directors?
This one has to be the biggest shocker! Despite Wonder Woman breaking records by becoming one of the highest-grossing films of all time (it raked in over $821 million worldwide), director Patty Jenkins, nor star Gal Gadot for that matter, was nominated. And while Lady Bird received four nominations, director Greta Gerwig didn't get one of her own.
SURPRISE: Ozark gets its deserved praise
The Netflix series didn't score a nomination but Jason Bateman was recognized in the Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Drama category for his dramatic take as Marty Byrde.
SNUB: Evan Peters being shut out is a true American Horror Story
American Horror Story: Cult was one of the best seasons the popular FX anthology series has aired in a long time, yet it didn't earn any nominations. What makes it even more frustrating is that Evan Peters, who played the maniacal cult leader Kai Anderson, was shunned out of the Golden Globes once again and didn't earn a Best Actor nomination.
SNUB: Get Out needs more nominations
Sure, Get Out and Daniel Kaluuya received nods for Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy and Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy. But isn't it a little strange that director Jordan Peele was ignored for best screenplay and direction?
SURPRISE: Congratulations, Katherine Langford!
The 13 Reasons Why actress earned her first Golden Globe nomination for her portrayal as Hannah Baker. She's up against Claire Foy, Elisabeth Moss, Caitriona Balfe and Maggie Gyllenhaal for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Drama.
SNUB: Where's The Good Place?
It's odd that Kristen Bell was on hand to announce the 2018 nominations, yet her role as Eleanor Shellstrop in the comedy series (which airs on NBC) wasn't nominated for a single category.
SNUB: The Leftovers got left out
The third and final season of the HBO drama series was acclaimed by fans and critics alike, yet it didn't earn any nominations. Carrie Coon was also ignored for her portrayal as Nora Durst.
The 2018 Golden Globes will air live at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on Jan. 7, on NBC. Seth Meyers is set to host the 75th annual ceremony. Next, watch Black-ish star Allen Maldonado tell Fuse who he wants to play him in his life story: The Rock or Idris Elba?
Photo: PA Images / Sipa / USA Today
By Robyn Collins
Radiohead vocalist Thom Yorke has written the score for the new short film, Why Can't We Get Along, which was commissioned by UK fashion brand rag & bone.
Related: Listen To Thom Yorke's ‘Bedtime Mix'
Throughout, Yorke uses electronic beats, ethereal melodies and sparse lyrics to create an emotional and somewhat melancholy musical backdrop.
Can't We Get Along features scenes of an art installation combined with contemporary dance and takes place in what appears to be a city loft. Three co-directors — Benjamin Millepied, Aaron Duffy and Bob Partington — filmed all the scenes in one day, reports Pitchfork.
The cast includes Baby Driver's Ansel Elgort and House of Cards' Kate Mara, as well as dancers from the American Ballet Theater, HipLet Ballerinas, Bulletrun Parkour and Kandi Reign from Musical.ly famous.
Check out the artsy and intriguing Can't We Get Along below:
More than half of Facebook's launch partners on Instant Articles appear to have abandoned the format, new Tow Center research suggests.
Of 72 publishers that Facebook identified as original partners in May and October 2015, our analysis of 2,308 links posted to their Facebook pages on January 17, 2018, finds that 38 publications did not post a single Instant Article—the platform's fast-loading, native format. In the meantime, Facebook has continued to tout Instant Articles as a success among its journalism efforts. Instant Articles enjoyed rapid expansion in 2017, it says. But if many of the largest reputable outlets are falling out, which publications are driving that growth?
ICYMI: Former New York Times journalists are furious
When launching Instant Articles in May 2015, Facebook presented its new initiative as a commitment to helping publishers monetize journalism distributed via its platform.
Instant Articles, it was claimed, would solve the problem of sluggish mobile websites. While publishers would have to host their articles on Facebook's servers and post natively to the platform, they would supposedly reap rewards—in terms of scale, engagement, and revenue—from being able to serve mobile content that loaded at lightning speeds via Facebook's app.
The New York Times, an initial partner, reported that Facebook went “to unusual lengths to court the publishers participating in the project.” Viewed in the wake of the recent, seismic algorithm change, this publisher-friendly approach feels like a relic from a bygone age.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
An introductory post by Michael Reckhow, then-product manager for Instant Articles, framed the product as a way for news outlets to regain control of news production and dissemination—something that critics argued they had ceded to third-party, social media platforms.
UPDATE: Texas Monthly releases statement after our report on its cover story controversy
Reckhow wrote: “We designed Instant Articles to give publishers control over their stories, brand experience, and monetization opportunities. Publishers can sell ads in their articles and keep the revenue, or they can choose to use Facebook's Audience Network to monetize unsold inventory. Publishers will also have the ability to track data and traffic through comScore and other analytics tools.”
Over half of Facebook's launch partners for Instant Articles did not use the format in early 2018.
When Instant Articles launched over two and a half years ago, some publishers went all in at the earliest opportunity. The Washington Post, for example, embraced the product with much fanfare in September 2015, stating that it would “send 100 percent of its stories to Facebook so that all Washington Post content can be formatted as Instant Articles, giving readers a lightning-fast user experience for reading, sharing and commenting within the Facebook iOS app.” The Post's publisher, Fred Ryan, further justified the move, adding, “We want to reach current and future readers on all platforms, and we aren't holding anything back.” (Other early partners only committed to posting five Instant Articles at launch.)
Fast-forward to 2018 and The Washington Post is just one of a number of early partners that appears to have shelved Instant Articles.
Note on methodology: To get a current snapshot of Instant Articles usage among Facebook's launch partners, we analyzed 2,391 links posted to their Facebook pages on January 17, 2018 (12am–11:59pm ET). (For the purpose of this analysis, Marie Claire was included to represent Hearst and Sports Illustrated was selected for Time, Inc.) We removed 83 posts that explicitly stated they had been shared from another brand's page. This left an overall sample of 2,308 links. Each of these was then coded according to whether or not it had been formatted as an Instant Article.
Below is an extract from the Facebook Media page announcing new partners for Instant Articles. (Source: Facebook.)
Overall, 38 of the 72 pages—54 percent of the sample of publishers—did not post a single Instant Article. In other words, over half of Facebook's launch partners for Instant Articles did not use the format. A further six publishers formatted fewer than a quarter of their links as Instant Articles.
The 38 outlets that did not post a single Instant Article to Facebook were: Billboard, Brit + Co, CBS News, CBS Sports, Cosmopolitan, Country Living, Curbed, E! News, Eater, Entertainment Weekly, Fox Sports, Good Housekeeping, The Guardian, Harper's Bazaar, Hollywood Life, The Hollywood Reporter, Marie Claire, moviepilot.com, National Geographic, NBA.com, NBC News, The New York Times, The Onion, People, Polygon, Racked, Recode, Refinery29, Rolling Stone, SB Nation, Seventeen, UPROXX, Us Weekly, Variety, The Verge, Vox, The Washington Post, and The Weather Channel.
Scanning through the list, it's worth pointing out that not only does it contain legacy publishers and subscription-based outlets such as The New York Times (whose business models were never a good fit with the paywall-free nature of Instant Articles), it also shows that digital natives have walked away from Instant Articles as well.
The decision to shun Instant Articles means that considerably more links direct traffic back to publishers' websites than remain native to Facebook.
Of the 2,308 links analyzed, 1,491 (around two-thirds) went to a publisher's homepage, leaving 817 as Instant Articles.
What does this say about Instant Articles?
Instant Articles has been criticized for underwhelming monetization, limited user data, and underwhelming options for subscription-based outlets. However, even with our new data, it is tricky to argue that Instant Articles is a failing product because Facebook can still point to growth and big numbers. Last June, the company boasted that “10,000 publishers around the world using Instant Articles, growing over 25 percent in the last six months alone.”
But, with the high-profile publishers moving out of Instant, is this another example of Facebook prioritizing quantity over quality?
ICYMI: Why newsrooms are using mobile push alerts for brand, not breaking
On the first anniversary of Instant Articles, Facebook's Will Cathcart told The Verge, “People come to Facebook for news, and they want to read it…. We deeply believe that the only way to have publishers use Instant Articles is if this works for them.”
With an algorithm change deliberately designed to surface less news and data suggesting that Instant Articles “doesn't work” for a majority of its launch partners, the next obvious question is: Who does it work for?
The reported growth in Instant Articles could be driven by an uptick in use by local publishers, specialist publications, or amateur outfits. It's difficult to tell—and Facebook's announcement doesn't say.
Above: Declining use of Instant Articles by The New York Times, Vox, and The Washington Post, April 2016–November 2017.
Tracking Instant Articles over time
Since April 2016, the Tow Center's Platforms and Publishers content study has tracked a sample of 14 publishers' usage of Instant Articles. During this period, we have seen our fair share of comings and goings. We have not seen enthusiastic adoption of the format; nor have we seen wide-scale abandonment. However, we did track more outs than ins: a stubborn lack of growth, and a downward trajectory in usage.
During the first year of our analysis, in 2016, use of Instant Articles followed a familiar pattern:
The digital natives (BuzzFeed, BuzzFeed News, HuffPost, and Vox) remained all in, as did The Washington Post and Fox News;
Usage by The New York Times and CNN fluctuated;
The New York Daily News posted a tiny proportion of articles in Facebook's native format, as did the subscription-based Wall Street Journal ;
The subscription-based Tronc titles (the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times ) completely shunned the format, as did Vice, reflecting its CEO's antipathy to Facebook's attempts to control the distribution of journalism.
Fast-forward 12 months and even among this relatively small group of publishers some notable shifts had occured. Of our sample, only BuzzFeed, BuzzFeed News, and HuffPost had remained staunchly committed to Instant Articles. Fox News left, but then returned. CNN remained noncommittal, typically posting 40–60 percent of stories as Instant Articles. The Wall Street Journal, Vice News, and the Tronc titles have steered clear. This period also covers the aforementioned departures by The New York Times, The Washington Post, and Vox.
The only outlet in our sample to have gone in the other direction is the New York Daily News, whose embrace of Instant Articles we first observed in May 2017.
Indeed, in terms of the number and proportion of articles being published as Instant Articles, departures by The New York Times and The Washington Post have been offset to some extent by the steadfastness of the Daily News, a prolific Facebook poster (it made 526 posts in the week beginning on November 13, 2017).
ICYMI: Jonah Peretti: Everything is fine
From August 2016 to November 2017, the overall proportion of posts published as Instant Articles by the publishers in our study hasn't grown, typically hovering around 40 percent.
This further indicates that Facebook has struggled to persuade bigger publishers of the merits of Instant Articles. Of those in our sample, more have either abandoned or significantly scaled back their usage. What's more, the proportion of posts published as Instant Articles has followed a downward trajectory in the two most recent analyses, falling to an all-time low of 37 percent in November 2017, our most recent snapshot.
With the news that Facebook has de-prioritized brand pages with its algorithm change, there is arguably less incentive than ever for publishers to embrace Instant Articles.
ICYMI: The story BuzzFeed, The New York Times and more didn't want to publish
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Pete Brown is a Senior Research Fellow at the Tow Center for Digital Journalism, and runs the Content Analysis Hub for the Publishers and Platforms project.
A vigil will be held Wednesday evening in San Luis Obispo's Mission Plaza to show solidarity with the victims of the white nationalist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Three people died and 35 were injured over the weekend during a series of protests organized by white supremacists and counter-demonstrators that turned violent.
“At this peaceful gathering of nonviolent action, we will hear from leaders in our community, collect donations for Charlottesville, and provide information on taking action beyond this vigil,” read the description of the vigil on Facebook. “Please join us in uniting our community against hate, racism and bigotry.”
The event is scheduled to begin at 6 p.m., and organizers ask anyone attending to bring LED candles; real candles will not be allowed at the event.
Speakers at the event include a member of Congressman Salud Carbajal's office, a rabbi and Dawn Addis, the co-founder of the Women's March in San Luis Obispo.
The vigil is hosted by 14 organizations, including the Women's March SLO, SLO County Progressives, Cal Poly Students for Quality Education and People of Faith for Justice, according to the event page.
So far, 343 people have signed up as planning to attend and 779 are interested in going.
San Luis Obispo Mayor Heidi Harmon released a statement Monday saying she was “deeply saddened and angered by this weekend's showing of rampant racism and violence in Charlottesville.” She said she's proud to be the mayor of a city that's welcoming to “all people regardless of who they are and where they come from.”
“As a mayor, I am dismayed that the leadership of this country has not taken a stronger stance to condemn racism and race-based violence,” Harmon said. “As an activist myself who has attended many such events, I am heartbroken by the death of Heather Heyer and the police officers and hold their family, friends and community in my heart.”
Heather Heyer, 32, died Saturday when a man drove his car into people protesting the white nationalist rally. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., 20, was arrested on suspicion of second-degree murder and other charges.
As well, two Virginia state troopers died in a helicopter crash en route to the protests.
TVC NEWS Last year turned out to be a disappointing one for new drug approvals with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearing just 22 new medicines for sale, the lowest number since 2010 and sharply down on 2015's tally of 45.
Across the Atlantic, the European Medicines Agency recommended 81 new prescription products against a 2015 total of 93. Unlike the FDA, the EMA includes generic drugs in its list.
The slowdown suggests the pharmaceuticals industry may be returning to more normal productivity levels after a spike in approvals in 2014 and 2015, when the haul of new drugs reaching the market hit a 19-year high.
Several factors led to the fall in the approval rate in 2016, John Jenkins, the FDA's director of the office of new drugs, told a conference last month.
Notably, five new drugs that had been scheduled for approval in 2016 ended up winning an early green light at the end of 2015. There was also a decline in drugs being filed for approval and the FDA rejected or delayed more applications in 2016 than in the previous two years.
Some of the delayed drugs may yet go on to win approval in 2017, including Roche's multiple sclerosis treatment Ocrevus and Sanofi and Regeneron's sarilumab for rheumatoid arthritis.
Most industry executives remain upbeat about the hunt for new medicines, given recent advances in fighting cancer and an improved understanding of the genetic basis of other diseases, which has resulted in full development pipelines at many firms.
But it remains challenging to get new drugs through the approval process and to secure a decent financial return once they are launched, given resistance from healthcare insurers and governments to the rising cost of medical treatment.
According to consultancy Deloitte, returns on research and development investment at the top 12 pharmaceutical companies fell to just 3.7 percent in 2016 from a high of 10.1 percent in 2010.
Increasing political pressure over the high prices of many modern medicines is a growing challenge at a time when biotech and pharma companies are developing more drugs targeted at niche patient populations.
The issue is exemplified by the last drug to win FDA approval in 2016. Spinraza, from Biogen and Ionis Pharmaceuticals, is the first medicine to treat patients with spinal muscular atrophy, a rare and often fatal genetic disease. It comes at a huge cost of $ 125,000 per dose.
That price, implying a total cost of $ 625,000 to $ 750,000 for patients in the first year and $ 375,000 in subsequent years, is likely to invite “a storm of criticism, up to and including Presidential tweets”, according to Leerink analysts.
The post New drug approvals fall to six-year low in 2016 appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018 photo, Egyptian director Ahmed El Attar, sits in a room at his office in Cairo, Egypt. State censors have banned a play, that is part of the Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival, the day of its Cairo premiere, saying it could not be shown without the removal of five scenes. As a result El Attar cancelled two showings of Before the Revolution, a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. Nariman El-Mofty AP Photo
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — The Philadelphia 76ers have started an investigation into tweets linked in a report to team president Bryan Colangelo that criticized Sixers players Joel Embiid and Markelle Fultz, among other NBA figures.
The burner accounts also took aim at former Sixers general manager Sam Hinkie, Toronto Raptors executive Masai Ujiri and former Sixers players Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel, according to a report by The Ringer website.
“The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter,” the Sixers said Wednesday in a statement. “We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded.”
The website asked the team about five Twitter accounts it suspected Colangelo was operating. He said in a statement that he used one of the accounts to monitor the NBA industry and other current events, but that he was “not familiar with any of the other accounts” brought to his attention and that he didn't know who was “behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Embiid, the 24-year-old All-Star center, tweeted that he didn't believe the report.
Fun night on Twitter lmao.. All jokes asides I don't believe the story. That would just be insane — Joel Embiid (@JoelEmbiid) May 30, 2018
“I don't believe the story. That would just be insane,” he wrote.
Colangelo was hired as president of basketball operations for Philadelphia in April 2016. He served as Toronto's general manager from 2006-2013.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, stepped in with the Sixers after Hinkie resigned. He lost his GM job in Toronto after the Raptors missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo downplayed Hinkie's role in the franchise's turnaround. It also lamented in another post that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Another account accused Embiid of “playing like a toddler having tantrums,” and one criticized Fultz for his work with his “so-called mentor/father figure.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A few days back, we told you about Varun Dhawan wrapping up the shoot for Shoojit Sircar's October. Well now, all eyes are set towards his next venture. We are talking about 'Dum Laga Ke Haisha' director Sharat Katariya's next titled Sui Dhaaga- Made In India.
This morning, the handsome hunk took to his social media page to reveal his first look and boy, it looks quite interesting. Check it out here...
Varun In A New Avatar While early reports suggested that the actor essays a labourer in the film, this new picture has a different story to tell. We think that he might be playing a tailor in the film as he is seen here with a sewing machine. What do you think folks?
Film To Go On Floors In February Recently, during a Twitter, Varun was asked by one of his fans, "@Varun_dvn when will the shoot for Sui dhaga start? #varunsays"To which he replied, "In feb #varunsays"
Varun Promises It To Be An Entertaining Flick "From Gandhiji to Modiji, our country's leaders have always endorsed the mantra of Made in India. With Sui Dhaaga, I am proud to take their message to millions of movie lovers in a manner that is entertaining and relevant."
Why He Agreed To Come On Board "I really liked the script Sharat had written and I am happy that I am teaming up with YRF on this movie. Anushka and me are teaming up for the first time so I am sure there will be fireworks."
His Mint Fresh Pairing With Anushka Sharma said, "I always get excited with unique ideas that have human interest stories. Sui Dhaaga is a story of self reliance that I believe will connect to the grassroots level with every Indian. And I am really looking forward to work with Varun Dhawan and the team of Maneesh Sharma and Sharat Katariya."
Produced by Yash Raj Films, Sui Dhaaga is slated for a Gandhi Jayanti 2018 release.
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. (AP) — Musicians, actors and fashion icons descended on Miami for a whirlwind week of glamorous parties to celebrate some of the world's best artists during Art Basel.
Drake and Lil Wayne took over the 24/7 ultra-club E11EVEN MIAMI for the Bootsy Bellows pop up on Friday. Lil Wayne took center stage but Drake jumped up with him for an impromptu performance of “Jumpman” and “Fake Love.” The two did a few songs together and Drake, whose hits include “Hotline Bling” and “Passionfruit,” gave a little bow to Lil Wayne while praising the rapper for inspiring him.
Rapper 2 Chainz followed Drake and joined the two on stage. The party went into the early morning hours and NFL star Odell Beckham Jr. even joined in.
Grammy nominated rapper Cardi B performed Thursday at one of the most exclusive parties of the week, TIDAL X: Moschino, hosted by famed fashion designer Jeremy Scott. She was joined by rapper and producer G-Eazy. Diplo, Joan Smalls and Paris Hilton. The following night, Cardi B hit up popular LIV nightclubs for a show.
At the former Versace mansion, HBO's “Insecure” actress Issa Rae hosted a party to announce the finalists of Bombay Sapphire Artisan Series' annual arts competition. Guests included Olivia Culpo, frequent Basel attendee Eva Longoria and Mark Ronson. Partygoers drank gin cocktails from neon glowing light bulb glasses and took 3-D images in a tricked out photo booth.
Over at the exclusive 1 Hotel South Beach's The Beach Club, Barry Sternlicht and Richard LeFrak hosted a poolside party attended by Will and Jaden Smith and Owen Wilson. Guests dined on ceviche jars, poke rolls and mini matcha cakes.
The late night crowd headed to nightclub Rockwell, which teamed up with 1OAK for a three-night pop-up that included performances by hometown rapper Rick Ross, 2 Chainz and a party toast Miguel's new album “War & Leisure.” Ross ended his performance by ordering a bottle of champagne to be delivered to every table in the nightclub. Guests such as Major League Baseball's National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton, actor and former basketball star Rick Fox, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Over at the nightclub ORA, 50 Cent took the stage before a raucous crowd that included boxers Danny Garcia and Jean Pasquale. The rapper performed 12 songs from the DJ booth including hits “Candy Shop” and “In Da Club” and his own rendition of Cardi B's “Bodak Yellow.”
In Wynwood, music producer Swizz Beatz who founded The Dean Collection, hosted a three day event with Bacardi giving artists free space to exhibit their work, along with a rare deal that gives 100 percent of sales directly to the artists as part of his No Commission theme. The art aficionado, who is married to Alicia Keys, has talked about the plight of struggling artists and his desire to promote them. His wife has said art brought them closer when they first started dating.
“It's a good time to be on the fighting side of creative freedom. Fearless voices linking together to create a movement. It takes courage, risk and a view of the future others cannot see. This is what new frontiers are made of, this is why No Commission was born,” said Swizz Beatz, whose real name is Kasseem Dean.
The three-day party was one of the most popular of the week with hundreds lined up outside to hear Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, Busta Rhymes, Maxwell and Chronixx.
Leikeli47 performed her hit “Money,” and Swizz performed a special DJ set. Celeb attendees included Michael B. Jordan, Amar'e Stoudemire, and Major Lazer's Jillionaire.
Also in Wynwood, actor Gerard Butler checked out artist's Peter Tunney's Gallery and took a tour of the iconic muraled Wynwood Walls. He was also spotted riding around town with Tunney in his Lady Bug golf cart.
On Tuesday, the Wynwood Walls hosted an exclusive dinner and after party to unveil 12 new art installations created for Art Basel while Jermaine Dupri performed.
Art Basel Miami Beach, the prestigious extension of the annual contemporary art fair in Basel, Switzerland, didn't officially open until Thursday, but the fair has become so popular that it's spawned dozens of others around Miami along with star-studded parties days in advance. The lavish festivities even brought out members of the royal family on Wednesday.
Sarah, Duchess of York, and daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie celebrated the opening of Art Basel at a party hosted by art powerhouse Hauser & Wirth at 1 Hotel South Beach to honor acclaimed American artist Mark Bradford, whose works include `Pickett's Charge' at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington DC. Princess Eugenie is a director at Hauser & Wirth.
Guests included singer Ellie Goulding, Owen Wilson, Wendi Murdoch, Ricky Martin and Diplo. The evening began with drinks on the private beach of the newly launched Beach Club with music by Bad Apples Brass Band and ended in a rooftop dance party where Ronson took to the decks for a late night DJ set.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – A Broward County man accused of killing his pregnant wife and her father is now facing an additional charge in the death of his unborn baby.
Cassandritz Blanc was arrested last month and charged with the premeditated murder of Martine Bernard, 20, and her father Roosevelt Bernard, 68.
Investigators say he confessed to their killings and mutilating their bodies afterward.
Blanc has pleaded guilty to all the charges against him.
He's being held in the Broward County jail without bond.
He's due back in court next Tuesday.
Your browser does not support playing this file but you can still download the MP3 file to play locally.
FT Money reporter Kate Beioley hosts a Millennial Money takeover this week, talking to FT reporters Rianna Croxford, Nicholas Megaw and Camilla Hodgson about the new savings and investing apps that let Millennials manage money from their smart phones. After road-testing the apps, are they helpful hacks or phone-based fads?
Bank of England ‘not fully transparent' during financial crisis
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
NFL wild-card capsules
hello
MIAMI (10-6) at PITTSBURGH (11-5)
REGULAR-SEASON SERIES RECORD: Steelers lead 12-11, but Dolphins won in October.
POSTSEASON SERIES RECORD: Dolphins lead 2-1
OPENING LINE: Pittsburgh by 10.
MOST IMPRESSIVE WIN
Dolphins: Fittingly, they beat Pittsburgh 30-15 after opening 1-4. Win began six-game string.
Steelers: They dominated the Giants 24-14 in November, snapping New York's six-game winning streak.
WORST LOSS
Dolphins: Routed 38-6 at Baltimore on Dec. 4, ending win streak.
Steelers: To Dolphins.
NOTES: Miami is in playoffs for first time since 2008. ... Dolphins were outgained by 798 yards and outscored by 17 points this season. They allowed franchise-record 6,122 yards. ... Steelers will head into playoffs relatively healthy. Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, running back Le'Veon Bell and wide receiver Antonio Brown will be in lineup together in postseason for first time when Dolphins visit Heinz Field. Bell missed Pittsburgh's past two playoff appearances with knee injuries. ... Pittsburgh's defense finished with 38 sacks and offense allowed 21.
OAKLAND (12-4) at HOUSTON (9-7)
REGULAR-SEASON SERIES RECORD: Texans lead 6-4, Raiders won 27-20 in November.
POSTSEASON SERIES RECORD: First meeting
OPENING LINE: Houston by 3.
MOST IMPRESSIVE WIN
Raiders: Beat Denver 30-20 as part of six-game win streak.
Texans: A 19-12 win over Kansas City back in Week 2.
WORST LOSS
Raiders: Being swept by Chiefs cost them division title.
Texans: Managed to lose to Chargers at home in Week 12, San Diego's last win.
NOTES: Teams met in Mexico City in November. ... Oakland will have backup QB after MVP candidate Derek Carr broke his right leg in Game 16. Rarely used Matt McGloin or rookie Connor Cook will go. ... Raiders last made playoffs in 2002 season, lost in Super Bowl. ... Texans went 7-1 at home. ... Houston also could have backup QB if Tom Savage recovers from concussion. Otherwise, high-priced free agent signing Brock Osweiler will start.
NEW YORK GIANTS (11-5) at GREEN BAY (10-6)
REGULAR-SEASON SERIES RECORD: Packers lead 28-23-2, beat Giants 23-16 in October.
POSTSEASON SERIES RECORD: Packers lead 4-3
OPENING LINE: Packers by 4.
MOST IMPRESSIVE WIN
Giants: Beat NFC top seed Dallas twice, in season opener and in Game 13.
Packers: Swept Detroit to win NFC North, including Sunday night at Lions in showdown for division crown.
WORST LOSS
Giants: Game 4 loss at Minnesota 24-10 in which line couldn't protect Eli Manning.
Packers: Routed by Titans 47-25 in midst of four-game slide.
NOTES: Previous time Giants made playoffs was 2011 season, when they won Super Bowl. ... Defense has come on, especially pass rush, in second half of schedule. ... One of great all-time playoff series. ... Packers won final six games, as QB Aaron Rodgers surmised they would. ... Green Bay's defense, like New York's, has improved significantly of late.
DETROIT (9-7) at SEATTLE (10-5-1)
REGULAR-SEASON SERIES RECORD: Seahawks lead 8-5
POSTSEASON SERIES RECORD: First meeting
OPENING LINE: Seattle by 8.
MOST IMPRESSIVE WIN
Lions: A 20-16 decision at Minnesota in early November, sparking a run to top of division.
Seahawks: Held on with goal-line stand to win 31-24 at Patriots in Game 9.
WORST LOSS
Lions: Falling to Packers twice, especially in season finale to lose NFC North title.
Seahawks: Somehow they stunk it up against Rams in Week 2, though it was LA debut for Rams.
NOTES: Detroit lost three in a row to blow division. ... QB Matthew Stafford had strong season, but struggled with finger injury down stretch. ... Seattle had up-and-down season, even losing once at home (to Arizona). ... Missing star safety Earl Thomas and running game has been spotty.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Festive fun was had by young and old as residents braved the cold to celebrate the season.
Snowy scenes helped bring festive spirit in Llay on Friday evening as villagers gathered for the annual Christmas lights switch-on ceremony.
About 40 hardy souls turned out to embrace the festive season arriving.
Carols rang out as singers were accompanied by the Llay Welfare Band at St Martin's Church in Llay, while the tree lights were later turned on at the nearby Central Gardens.
Attendees were encouraged to write Christmas messages on CDs, which were then decorated on the tree.
The Rev Huw Butler said the event went well and the turnout was a good one, considering the weather conditions.
He said everyone enjoyed themselves.
Former community councillor Maldwyn Davies, who was instrumental in organising the event, gave a speech at the start to thank everyone for attending.
The event is in its second year, and Mr Butler said he hoped to run activities in the
lead-up to the event next year, such as lantern-making workshops with children.
David Gilmour, pastor at the Llay Community Church of the Nazarene, attended the event and the churches are due to hold a Celtic Praise service at St Martin's at 6pm on Sunday, January 21 – with a selection of traditional Welsh and Irish hymns.
Please note that although the UK cinema release date schedule on Film Dates.co.uk is updated regularly, a release date can change at very short notice. Usually the closer a film is to its release date, the less likely its release date (and any other information) will change.
Film Dates.co.uk is also not responsible for the content of any external website. The links are provided "as is" with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them.
Last update was at 09:34 2nd January 2017
—
A row has broken out over an online article in Pink News in which four-year-old Prince George was discussed as a “gay icon”.
“Prince George has become a gay icon overnight—at least, that's what some people—sorry, his subjects—are saying on Twitter,” the article reads.
Fred Nile of the Christian Democratic Party has condemned the article, saying, “The article is an underhanded attempt at promoting a divisive agenda of radical social reform by abusing the symbolism of the Royal Family.
“No child, especially a potential future Monarch, should be exploited for ideological purposes in this way.
“Using the image of the young prince—in what is obviously a sexualised context—is deeply offensive to anyone who values decency in public discourse.”
Pink News has hit back against criticism, saying, “At no point did Pink News state that Prince George is a ‘gay icon'—the article merely reported on a large volume of social media posts saying that he was.”
#PrinceGeorge is the most unlikely gay icon of the year.. 🤔 pic.twitter.com/IxUZ7PO6Po — Nicky Starlett' △ (@NickyStarlett) July 25, 2017
Has Prince George became a bigger gay icon from one photo than Ariana Grande and her whole career? — Hasa (@Hasa81) July 26, 2017
Unpopular opinion: why's it so bad to say Prince George is a gay icon when people make jokes about four year olds having fake girlfriends — Sophia 🌐 (@sophianash_) August 11, 2017
Pls stop discussing Prince George being gay or not. Let's not sexualize a child. It's sooo unnecessary. — Ryan Morgana (@AKnittedWizard) July 26, 2017
stop fucking saying prince george is gay or whatever he's 4 for fuck's sakes it's wrong on so many levels — Beef (@largepapabeef) July 27, 2017
Omar Reygadas and 32 other miners were digging in northern Chile when the mine suddenly caved in, trapping them about 2,300 feet below ground. Rescue efforts to reach the miners were arduous, and when all 33 finally emerged alive 69 days later, their survival made headlines around the world.
One of the Chilean miners who miraculously survived 10 weeks underground in 2010 has advice for the Thai soccer team currently trapped in a waterlogged cave : Don't give up hope.
In northern Thailand, rescuers are working around-the-clock to prepare for a complex mission to shuttle the 12 boys and a 25-year-old assistant soccer coach, who have been trapped in the flooded cave for 11 days now, to safety.
All are in good health and are getting food and medicine delivered to the cave thanks to Thai navy SEALS, medics and divers. But those working to save them cannot say yet when or how, exactly, the boys and their coach will be extracted.
Having lived through a similar ordeal, Reygadas had a message for the boys.
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families."
"They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families," Reygadas told the Associated Press on Tuesday, adding that their coach will be key to keeping them motivated.
The boys, who are ages 11 through 16, have to help each other, he said.
"It's terrible for them — they're little — but I believe that boys with a lot of strength are going to manage to be whole when they get out," Reygadas said.
He recalled times when he and his fellow miners doubted they would be rescued. Faith, prayer and humor kept them sane, he said.
News
"They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared," he said of the boys. "Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried."
The miners, who were trapped below Chile's Atacama desert, eventually were saved when a specially built capsule was lowered down a drilled shaft and raised them to the surface one by one.
In the case of the Thai soccer team, a rescue is a race against time.
Thai SEALS posted on Wednesday morning photos on Facebook of rescuers working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that they are pumping water as "fast as possible" as they prep to bring out the stranded group, Reuters reported.
And monsoon rains, due to hit in the coming days, could push water levels dangerously higher.
The boys do not know how to swim. Thai officials, while eager to pull them out, say they do not want to risk further endangering the team by rushing an evacuation.
"We need to be 100 percent confident," Narongsak Osatanakorn, the province's governor, said. "If there is a risk, we will not move them out."
Despite their ordeal, the boys seem to be in good spirits.
In the videos released on Wednesday morning by the navy SEALS, the boys, may wrap in foil blankets, introduce themselves by name and say that they are in good health. A SEAL is seen treating minor cuts on the boys' feet in them. Several boys are laughing as the SEALs joke around with them.
The boys and their coach disappeared after they went exploring the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game on June 23. Heavy rains flooded the cave, trapping them. They were found by rescue divers Monday night.
Home invaders tied up a retired minister and left him alone in his Shelter Island home for several days, according to an official.
Gary Gerth, the supervisor of the island nestled between Long Island's north and south forks, said a friend found the minister while checking in on him Monday.
When the friend, who went in through the open garage door, found the minister, the man was bound in a chair, Gerth said. He added that friends typically check in on the man every 3 to 4 days.
The minister, who is in his late 80s or early 90s, was airlifted to Stony Brook University Hospital with serious injuries, according to Gerth.
It's not clear exactly how long the minister had been left bound in his home, near Shell Beach, or why he was targeted by home invaders.
The minister served in the Episcopal Diocese of Long Island and said the man was a former priest and archdeacon, according to Newsday, which first reported the home invasion.
No arrests have been announced in the case.
Arlington Heights trustees have concerns with downtown apartment proposal
hello
A proposed five-story apartment building on Sigwalt Street would be situated on the south side of a vacant block near downtown Arlington Heights. Courtesy of Village of Arlington Heights
CA Ventures is proposing a 5-story, 86-unit apartment building on Sigwalt Street between Highland and Chestnut avenues. Courtesy of Village of Arlington Heights
Arlington Heights trustees on Monday said a proposed 5-story apartment building on a portion of long-vacant land near the downtown should have more parking.
CA Ventures is proposing an 86-unit, 41,987-square-foot building on Sigwalt Street between Highland and Chestnut avenues on the south side of the empty block that is west of the Vail Avenue parking garage.
Called Sigwalt Street Apartments, the building would include 94 parking spaces in an underground garage and on the first and second floors.
Under village code, 31 more spaces would be required in the neighboring garage, for which the village would charge the developer a one-time fee.
During the village board's early review of the project Monday night, some trustees raised concerns about having off-site parking in the Vail garage because it would take away parking from downtown businesses.
"As downtown continues to fill up, we should really be evaluating our parking during the summer and make sure we have enough of what we need," Trustee John Scaletta said. "We're not adding on to that garage."
Trustees Bert Rosenberg and Jim Tinaglia suggested the apartment building go a story taller to make room for more cars inside.
The village's comprehensive plan recommends a building of 4 to 6 stories for that site.
But a sixth floor might make the project cost-prohibitive, said Matt Katsaros, vice president of acquisitions for CA Ventures.
However, project architect Mark Hopkins said he would develop contingency plans on self-contained parking.
The developer wants to rezone the property from single-family residential to multifamily residential, which is also consistent with the comprehensive plan.
A number of variations would be needed, including those for building setbacks and density. Current zoning allows only 55 units to be constructed -- 31 fewer than proposed.
The building would include a mix of one- and two-bedroom units, with monthly rents ranging from about $1,800 to $3,000.
CA Ventures has committed to giving $325,000 to the village's affordable housing trust fund, in lieu of providing units at discounted prices.
The proposed development site, which is about one-third of the entire empty block, once contained single-family homes and a parking lot for AT&T.
A previous developer proposed condominiums for the site, but those plans never came to fruition.
The 3-acre northern portion of the empty block was once home of Paddock Publications, publisher of the Daily Herald. Katsaros said the current owner, Norwood Builders, is interested in potentially working with CA Ventures on redevelopment of the entire block, but they haven't discussed specifics.
CA Ventures has yet to make a formal submission of plans to the village, as only conceptual plans were reviewed by the board Monday.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
Is Featherstone the real deal?
The majority of the off-season focus has been on Leigh and Toronto, but just behind those two are Featherstone, who have been causing waves themselves with some high-profile signings of their own.
Their credentials will be given a thorough examination by the old enemy, Halifax, on Sunday in a fixture that very rarely fails to deliver.
Fax have aspirations of their own to make the top four, so this game will undoubtedly be one of the ties to look out for.
Is Barrow ready for the top flight?
The Raiders are back in the second tier and are determined to make sure it isn't a short-term stay.
First up are London, who will provide solid competition for Paul Crarey's side on their return.
The Broncos are one of the big-hitters in this league and in truth, Barrow couldn't have asked for a tougher test. But it takes pressure off them to get a result, and that works in their favour. Their performance will be the first indicator of their hopes for the year.
Toronto and Leigh – will mayhem ensue?
It's perhaps the most eagerly anticipated game of the entire round.
There is no on-field history between the two clubs, but off it, there's a bitterness that neither party will be able to talk down despite their recent efforts.
Paul Rowley's first return to Leigh provides a fascinating subplot off the field. On it, it's a battle of the two pre-season favourites, and it promises to be a fine advert for the competition.
The World Health Organization supports the consideration of Government of South Africa of introduction of a tax on sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB) to help reduce excessive sugar intake. This is one of interventions proposed in the Strategy for the prevention and control of obesity in South Africa 2015-2020.
WHO has supported introduction of such taxes since it was proposed by the National Treasury in August 2016.WHO's Representative to South Africa, Dr. Rufaro Chatora, took part in a parliamentary hearing held on January 31, 2017, to discuss the proposed SSB tax. During his presentation, Dr. Chatora highlighted the evidence and the impact of SSB tax. Experience from other countries which implemented the same tax demonstrates its potential to reduce consumption of sugar and raise revenues that can be used to prevent and control diabetes, obesity and other noncommunicable diseases (NCDs).
In recent days, the WHO Executive Board was held, during which Board members asked the WHO Secretariat for more information on a range of policy options and cost-effective interventions proposed by WHO to prevent and control NCDs, including the use of taxation on SSBs, before the next World Health Assembly (22-31 May).
There has been no “veto” of such interventions proposed by WHO or its Executive Board, including SSBs, despite industry statements and media reporting based on such statements. WHO Member States have asked for more information on these interventions ahead of the upcoming World Health Assembly.
“WHO stands ready to support the Republic of South Africa, and as well as other countries, in protecting and improving the health their citizens and offering effective, technically sound and feasible measures to promote health for all people, no matter age, gender or background,” says Chatora.
Taxation on SSB is just one of a range of cost-effective measures proposed by WHO to curb the threat of NCDs, responsible for the deaths of 16 million people every year before the age of 70. Other interventions targeting obesity include nutrition labelling; marketing restrictions of unhealthy foods and beverages to kids; fruit and vegetable subsidies; physical activity policies and social marketing campaigns. WHO member states around the world, including South Africa, have committed to halt the rise of obesity and diabetes, reduce premature deaths from NCDs by 25 per cent by 2025 and one-third by 2030, the latter target in line with the Sustainable Development Goals.
William Vavrek Photography(EDMONTON, Alberta) — Fire crews were able to save five horses from a frozen pond in northern Alberta, Canada, this weekend during a dramatic rescue that was caught on video.
When fire crews from three nearby towns arrived on the scene on Sunday, they found seven horses trapped in the ice, CTV News Edmonton reported.
The crews were able to use chainsaws to help free five of the horses, but it was too late for two others.
The rescue operation happened just west of Grande Prairie.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
NAPLES, FL--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - FTE Networks, Inc. ( OTCQX : FTNW), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider to the technology and communications industries, today announced the expansion of its leadership team with the appointment of industry veteran J.T. Archer as Vice President of Sales, Western Region. Archer will play a key role on the Global Sales team managed by Mark King. He will help FTE expand its presence on the West Coast in the Company's Inside Plant, Outside Plant, and Network Service Provider verticals. In addition, Archer will help FTE improve and expand customer relations, as well as target and capitalize on strategic market opportunities, and service new and existing customers.
Archer joins FTE Networks with an outstanding record of establishing and building customer relationships in the telecom sector, and expanding new markets. Previously, Archer was Chief Operating Officer at BodeTree, where he was responsible for sales and marketing, including marketing efforts for partner and small business engagement. He was a key member of the company fundraising team and was accountable for building scalable customer service solutions. Before joining BodeTree, Archer held positions as SVP Operations at PSO Global, Co-Founder & VP of Sales at IDAPTIC, and VP of Customer Operations at Level 3 Communications.
"We are excited to welcome J.T. Archer to the Company, and look forward to his strategic leadership guidance as we expand on the West Coast and Pacific Northwest," said Michael Palleschi, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FTE Networks. "J.T. is a talented industry veteran and his extensive experience in sales, business development, and managing relationships with major telecom companies will provide valuable support for our growth strategy."
About FTE Networks, Inc.
FTE Networks is on the leading edge of network transformation helping communications service providers, government and enterprise customers evolve their networks to meet advancing technology requirements via network infrastructure, and edge computing solutions to quickly enhance service innovation and deliver new revenue streams. With a focus on smart design, open architectures, and consistent standards, along with expertise in building, operating, and maintaining networks, FTE solves complex network and system challenges that reduce costs and deployment time to accelerate delivery and optimize performance of network infrastructure. Operating five (5) industry segments; Data Center Infrastructure, Fiber Optics, Wireless Integration, Network Engineering, and Compute to the Edge, FTE Networks is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. For more information, please visit: www.ftenet.com.
Forward Looking Statements
This release may contain forward-looking statements relating to the business of FTE. All statements other than historical facts are forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believes," "expects" or similar expressions. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. These risks and uncertainties are described in detail in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are based on FTE's current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on FTE. There is no assurance that future developments affecting FTE will be those anticipated by FTE. FTE undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required under applicable securities laws.
WAUKESHA COUNTY - A man accused of causing a woman's death by operating a boat while drunk was in court for the first time Monday.
53-year-old Anthony Drewes is charged in the death of 61-year-old Jill Ladwig.
According to police and investigators, Drewes crashed his boat into another on Lake Nagawicka in the city of Delafield Friday. Witnesses said Drewes was driving a deck boat and clipped the back end of a pontoon boat. Ladwig was thrown from the pontoon boat into the lake and rushed to a hospital where she later died.
According to the criminal complaint, Drewes initially denied operating the boat and tried to hide from police. The complaint goes on to read, "the defendant was staggering and nearly fell over several times."
Drewes told officers “I drank a lot” and indicated he and two others had been driving the boat, he later admitted to police he was “super drunk”.
The judge ordered a $10,000 cash bond Monday. If convicted Drewes could spend up to 25 years in prison, he's due back in court Friday, September 1, 2017.
The taxman cometh tomorrow . Tuesday is the deadline for filing income tax. If you are not ready to file just yet, the IRS has provided an automatcic 6-month extension upon request. The IRS says nearly 40 million taxpayers have yet to file their returns.
Share This Post
No Madam, Please Let's Not Go There -By Alex Otti
“A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the voters discover that they can vote themselves largesse from the public treasury. From that moment on, the majority always votes for the candidates promising the most benefits from the public treasury with the result that a democracy always collapses over loose fiscal policy, always followed by a dictatorship. The average age of the world's greatest civilizations has been 200 years. These nations have progressed through this sequence: From bondage to spiritual faith; from spiritual faith to great courage; from courage to liberty; from liberty to abundance; from abundance to selfishness; from selfishness to apathy; from apathy to dependence; from dependence back into bondage.” ― Alexander Fraser Tytler (1747-1813)
The concept of democracy is hinged on two fundamental principles. These are first, separation of powers and second checks and balances. Separation of powers requires that each organ of government is independent of the rest, to avoid abuse of power. The doctrine of checks and balances, on the other hand, makes it possible for each arm of government to limit the powers of others to ensure against excessive power appropriation. A classic example is that while the executive branch of government can veto bills from the legislature, the legislature can also override the veto, subject to laid down rules. Over time, as democracy continued to take root, countries started granting some form of independence to other important agencies of government. These include the military, the press and the Central Bank also known as the reserve bank in some climes. Despite the independence of these agencies, there is still some influence exerted on them by the government. Narrowing down to the Central Bank, it is reasoned that the autonomy of the institution is critical to insulate the lender of last resort from interference from politicians whose interests are normally short-term in nature. While politicians may want to pursue populist agenda to win votes, an independent Central Bank should be more interested in pursuing policies that may not be popular but would lead to long- term stability of the economy. Thus, a political party may want to pursue a fiscal deficit policy to put more money in the system and make people happy, but a professionally-run Central Bank with eyes on the inflationary implications of fiscal deficit, would roll out a contractionary monetary policy to contain inflation and stabilize the economy.
The major mandates of the Central Bank include:
Managing the nation's currency
Managing money supplies
Managing interest rates
Setting cash reserve requirements
Acting as lender of last resort.
Supervision of the banking system
Ensuring financial systems stability.
Recently, the Honourable Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, was quoted to have asked a legislative team that paid her a visit, to consider cutting down the “monstrous” powers of the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria. According to the report, she had said that it was the erstwhile Governor of Central Bank, Professor Chukwuma Soludo that had gone to the National Assembly in 2007 to seek and obtain legislative approval that resulted in the overbearing powers of the Governor of Central Bank.
While one sympathizes with the Honourable Minister, it is instructive to avoid the kind of situation highlighted above by Professor Alex Tytler who paints a very worrisome picture. Though some commentators have described it as being “hyperbolic” the import of his assertion cannot be lost on any student of history. The fiscal deficit has been the bane of most governments and when it is not controlled, the tendency for the economy to be plunged into a crisis is almost axiomatic. Beyond the certainty of inflation, is the burden of debt service on the economy. A cursory look at our economy shows that beyond the 18% inflation rate in the last few quarters, a whopping 35% of our revenue budget goes into debt service. This is a huge number as it leaves the country with just 65% of the budget to work with. If you consider that a large part of the remaining 65% goes into salaries, then you will agree that what is left for infrastructure is infinitesimal and this is in spite of huge infrastructure deficit facing the nation. Now, if we go ahead with the proposed $30billion loan, (I hope we don't, anyway), we don't need a soothsayer to tell us that virtually all our revenue would go into debt servicing.
I am aware that sometime in September last year, the Honourable Minister had advised the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of the CBN to consider reducing interest rates by lowering the Monetary Policy Rate (MPR) from the present 14% to encourage investment and reflate the economy. Recall that in the MPC meeting of July 2016, the committee had raised MPR from 12% to 14%, a decision many analysts disagreed with, given that the economy had just been pronounced as being technically in recession. However, members of the MPC in a unanimous vote on Tuesday September 20 retained MPR at 14%. The minister was not alone in the disappointment of the MPC's decision as yours truly, shares the minister's view that in a period of recession, interest rates should be lowered to encourage consumption. The MPC had its own arguments which included that given the level of inflation at almost 18%, lower rates would lead to negative real interest rates and is capable of discouraging savings and investments, both local and foreign. MPC also contended that lowering interest rates would encourage speculators to borrow and launch further attacks on foreign exchange which was rising very rapidly against the Naira. I have checked the literature and I am unable to lay my hands on other areas of sharp divergence between the CBN and the ministry, even though I concede that there may be other issues that may not be in the public domain. It is, however, curious that the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Finance is a member of the MPC. At least one should have expected one descent at that meeting in question, but the vote was unanimous. My understanding is that this is a useful platform to attain monetary and fiscal policy harmony.
It is important to note that this is not the first time an attempt is being made to whittle down the powers of the CBN Governor. Under Soludo, in 2007, against the understanding of the independence of the CBN, the Presidency, directly intervened by stopping the redenomination of the Naira, full current account liberalization and currency convertibility policies that the then Governor was set to implement. President Yaradua was said not to have been properly briefed and therefore not convinced. The CBN had briefed the Presidency just a day before the public announcement as it believed it did not require the President's approval as per the CBN Act 2007. Of course, that was the end of those policies.
Under Sanusi, legislators championed the CBN amendment Act 2012 that sought to bring the annual budget of the CBN under the approval authority of the Senate. This generated a lot of opposition from the polity leading to strong representations at the public hearing. If I remember correctly, the amendment was stillborn. National Assembly proponents of the amendment were irked by a statement made by Sanusi to the effect that the National Assembly was responsible for 25% of the recurrent expenditure of the Federal government. Senators descended heavily on him summoning him to come and not only withdraw the statement but apologize. Sanusi stood his grounds and refused to apologize. The battle line was drawn and in what looked like a vendetta mission, the Senators went after the CBN act to cut Sanusi's powers. He was also accused of bailing out 9 banks in 2009 with some N620b ($4.2b) without appropriation by the National Assembly. CBN explained that the funds didn't need to be appropriated as they were loans to the banks in the discharge of its role as lender of last resort. The CBN was further accused of issuing some N5.6trillion ($36.6b) government backed zero coupon bonds to purchase toxic assets and recapitalize some ailing banks between 2010 and 2011. All these are now history, Sanusi has since moved on to become the Emir of Kano but the institution remains. This points to the truism in the local proverb of “soldier come, soldier go, but barrack remains”. It also speaks to the fact that rules should neither be made nor changed because of disagreements with incumbent occupants of an office as those occupants will leave sooner or later.
A cursory look at the CBN Act 2007 shows that the activities of the CBN are supposed to be regulated and directed by a board of directors like every other institution. The board is made up of the Governor who is also the Chairman, 4 Deputy Governors, Permanent Secretary, Ministry Of Finance, 5 Directors appointed by the President, and the Accountant General of the Federation. In practice, external board members are in the majority making it difficult for the internal members to have their way without the consent of the external members, most of them appointed by the President. I believe that this is a great governance standard adopted by the act. Unfortunately, since the advent of the present administration, the board of CBN has not been constituted and therefore, the control envisaged by the Act has been put in abeyance.
While all the aforementioned roles are important, monetary policy seems to be one of the most important. Simply put, monetary policy refers to the process by which the central bank controls the supply of money in a bid to contain inflation rate or interest rate to ensure price stability and confidence in the local currency. On the other hand, fiscal policy deals with taxation, government spending, and government borrowing. Fiscal policy is usually under the control of the Ministry of Finance. Under normal circumstances, there is a need for complementarity between the two policies. In practice, however, both of them work at cross-purposes with each other, particularly, when the two institutions have different targets. Best practices require that the roles are entrusted in different hands without one reporting to the other. It must be noted though, that both the Minister of Finance and the CBN Governor report to the President and both serve at his pleasure, even though for a CBN governor to be relieved of his position before the expiration of his tenure, the President would need to secure the nod of the National Assembly with two-thirds majority vote. We are, however, aware that President Jonathan found a way around the National Assembly vote when he decided to remove Sanusi in 2014.
It is only in Zimbabwe out of all the countries I researched that the Central Bank is not independent. Given the experiences of that country, I am not sure there is anything to learn from it. Foreign investors and the international community look out for how independent the Central Bank is as a condition for making a decision to invest in that country or not. So, independence gives the investing community a lot of confidence. The truth is that foreign investors and international multilateral agencies feel that our CBN as currently constituted is not independent enough as they have been clamoring for a full- fledged deregulation of the Naira which the CBN has refused to implement. They don't believe it is the CBN acting without some influence from the executive.
An independent Central Bank is usually very prompt in taking decisions which can save the economy huge losses rather than waiting for approvals from either a minister or parliament. Because an independent Central Bank is supposed to have a long-term view of the economy as against the short-term interest of the politician, there is bound to be disagreements and tension between the Minister and the Governor. That tension is productive as the economy stands to benefit from it.
I will, therefore, make some recommendations for the minister which I believe would help her get round the frustration. One, both the minister and the governor should be members of the economic team which I'm told is now in place. The direction the economy should go should be thoroughly discussed and agreed at that committee. This would ensure more congruence, once everyone is convinced on the right way to go.
Thankfully, the President has nominated 5 members of the CBN board a few days ago, awaiting Senate confirmation. Even though this is coming almost 2 years late, the minister will benefit from a functional board with appointees of the President in the majority. The minister's position and opinion would hopefully be well represented at the CBN board.
Finally, the minister will do well to engage productively, with not only the CBN but other arms of government. Engagement is very useful given that it helps to sell superior positions and opinions and bring otherwise opposing sides to the desired side, subject to the superiority of argument and debate. Within the fiscal policy framework are major changes that will help stabilize the economy. The minister must insist on zero-rising ways and means, aggressively work to rebalance recurrent expenditure with capital expenditure, reign in the debt service baggage, and move towards increasing tax to GDP ratio from our current lowly 6% to at least the sub-Saharan African average of about 13% , just to mention but a few. If we can wrap our heads around these issues, then monetary policy will just become a sweetener.
The walk to CBN independence is a very long one that started in 1958. The progress that has been made so far is very commendable. Any attempt to reverse it is like setting us on a reverse journey to the Stone Age. It is not a trip that anyone should contemplate.
Email: [email protected]
Comments
comments
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Illinois congressional alumni 'never felt unsafe,' but expect talks of more security
hello
Former Illinois congressman Bob Dold said he never felt unsafe as a member of Congress and he certainly never felt unsafe during early-morning baseball practices with his Republican colleagues.
"Because practice was so early, the only people we ever saw who weren't playing were folks from the neighborhood walking their dogs or out jogging," Dold said by phone Wednesday, hours after a gunman shot House Majority Whip Steve Scalise during the GOP team's morning baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
The gunman was killed by Scalise's security detail, but not before he shot and injured several others at the field. Scalise is one of only nine House members who receive full-time security details because of his leadership post, according to media reports.
"Had they not been there and had that response not been so immediate, that would have been a much more dire event," said Dold, of Kenilworth, who left office in January.
The team was practicing ahead of a charity game against Democratic counterparts scheduled for Thursday at Nationals Park in Washington, D.C.
Despite a growing ideological chasm between political parties, Dold doesn't believe Wednesday's shooting will cause a massive shift in the way members of Congress are protected. He is not alone.
Fellow former Republican U.S. Rep. Joe Walsh, who also played on the GOP baseball team, said the biggest change will probably come to the way the baseball team practices.
"They probably won't have open practices anymore, and that's probably as it should be," Walsh said. "I know there's an impulse to increase security, but you've got 535 members and I just don't think it's tenable and I would hate to see it. I know I'd hate to spend my time walking around with a security detail."
The U.S. Capitol Police, a force of roughly 1,800 sworn officers, is assigned the job of providing security for members of the House and Senate, mainly on the grounds and inside the buildings of the Capitol. Former members of the Illinois congressional delegation all had nothing but praise for the police force that once protected them.
"I didn't ever really feel unsafe in Congress," said former U.S. Rep. Judy Biggert of Hinsdale, who left office in 2013. "Even that time they evacuated the Capitol building. I remember all the leadership was getting into the black cars and driving off and the rest of us were told to take off our shoes and run for your life. The police did a good job of getting everyone out. I remember my chief of staff ran all the way to the river."
The 2004 evacuation was prompted by a small plane carrying the governor of Kentucky to the funeral of former President Ronald Reagan. The plane had permission to fly into airspace near the Capitol, but aviation officials became concerned by the plane's transmitter signals and the military scrambled jets to intercept the plane and accompanied its landing at a nearby airport without incident, according to media reports from that time.
"The Capitol police, without getting too much into procedures, have many precautions that keep everyone inside the buildings safe and even help make sure the district offices are secure," Dold said.
Biggert said discussions are likely to happen about increasing security for the rank-and-file members of Congress, but she can't imagine the cost to do so.
"I hate to see that happen that you can't just go where you want and have someone come with you, but I think that's something they'll be talking about," she said.
The gunman who shot Scalise and four others -- James Hodgkinson of downstate Belleville -- had a lengthy history of anti-Republican tirades online and within the pages of his local newspaper. Dold said this attack wasn't just targeting a member of a political party.
"Any attack on a member of Congress is an attack on all members of Congress," he said. "What is really important is we need to focus on civility and how we as a community come together to solve this problem."
Little Rock Police Lt. Steve McClanahan speaks Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, near an interstate highway in Little Rock, Ark., about the city's increasing number of homicides. The city on Monday matched its homicide total from 2016 and is on a pace to approach the pace from 1993, when gang warfare led to a spike in the city's murder rate. Kelly P. Kissel AP Photo
ELLIOT LAKE, Ont. — Provincial police say three people are facing charges after an argument over a dog that got off its leash in a park ended with three women being assaulted.
It's alleged the women were walking their dog in an Elliot Lake, Ont., park late Monday afternoon when it got off its leash.
Investigators say this upset another group of people in the park, each group taking pictures of the other group's actions — and a verbal altercation ensued.
Police say the altercation ended when the women were allegedly assaulted by three people in the other group.
South Bay/Peninsula
Simon Heck, Los Altos
Sport: Baseball
Position: Left field
Class: Senior
The 6-foot-7, Pomona College-bound standout had one heck of a Central Coast Section Division I championship game, going 3 for 3 with two doubles and three RBIs as 11th-seeded Los Altos completed its improbable run to the title with a 5-3 victory over top seed Bellarmine College Prep at Municipal Stadium in San Jose. Heck's two-run double to left tied the score 2-2 in the second, and his run-scoring double well over the left fielder in the sixth padded the advantage to 5-3. Had a .455 batting average in the playoffs.
Jazlynn Shearer, Silver Creek
Sport: Track and field
Events: Jumps, hurdles
Class: Junior
Sprained her ankle in the long jump at the Central Coast Section championships and still finished second in 18 feet, 8 inches. Then won the 100 hurdles in 13.94 seconds, finished third in the triple jump in 40-3 1/4 and ran the lead leg on her school's 4×100 relay team, which took second in 48.16. Qualified for state in all four events while helping Silver Creek win its first CCS girls team title since 1977.
East Bay
Cameron Reynolds, Clayton Valley Charter
Sport: Track and field
Events: 200, 400, 4×400 relay
Class: Junior
State leader in the 400 finished second in that event at the North Coast Section Meet of Champions in Berkeley, edged by Marin Catholic's Max Glasser, but came back to win the 200 and anchor Clayton Valley's victory in the 4×400 relay in 3 minutes, 15.87 seconds, a time that ranks fourth in the state. Won the 200 in in 21.58. In the 400, Reynolds ran in 47.56 — not quite as fast as his state-leading 47.09 — and Glasser won in 47.41.
Tierra Robinson-Jones, Bishop O'Dowd
Sport: Track and field
Events: 200, 400, 4×100 relay
Class: Senior
Broke an eight-year-old North Coast Section Meet of Champions record in the 400 with a personal-best time of 52.69 seconds, which ranks first in the state and fourth in the nation this season. Later, she won a third consecutive section title in the 200, breaking a meet record in that event as well, running in 23.56. That time that ranks second in the state. Also ran the second leg on O'Dowd's winning 4×100 relay team, which ran in 47.17.
Related Articles Movin' On Up: Keeping track of former prep athletes
Highlight reel: Week's high school standouts
NCS softball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS baseball: Tuesday's scores, updated schedule
NCS baseball: De La Salle closing in on another title How to nominate
To nominate candidates for Athlete of the Week, Highlight Reel and Movin' On Up, email highschools@bayareanewsgroup.com by noon Monday.
Jerry Kramer, center, is flanked by safety Brian Dawkins, left, and linebacker Ray Lewis at a news conference for the Hall of Fame on Saturday in Minneapolis. AJ Mast Invision for NFL
FILE - In this March 2, 2017, file photo, Attorney General Jeff Sessions speaks during a news conference at the Justice Department in Washington, where he said he will recuse himself from a federal investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 White House election. President Donald Trump, still nursing resentment against Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation, says he wishes he'd picked a different leader of the Justice Department. Susan Walsh, File AP Photo
Mariah Carey has announced she will be returning to The Colosseum at Caesars Palace for her new residency, The Butterfly Returns.
After a 6 month hiatus, Carey is returning to the Vegas stage. Her previous residency, Mariah #1 to Infinity, ran for two years at The Colosseum.
Carey new show will spotlight a more intimate performance on The Colosseum's stage, showcasing her world-famous vocals with an all-new show that highlights her extensive catalogue of music.
Carey, remains the best-selling female artist of all time with over 200 million records sold. This year, her album "Butterfly" celebrated its 20th anniversary.
Below are the scheduled performances for The Butterfly Returns.
July 2018: 5, 7, 8, 10, 14, 15
Aug. 2018: 31
Sept. 2018: 1, 2, 5, 9, 10
General ticket prices begin at $55, plus applicable tax and fees, and Meet & Greets will also be available. Tickets may be purchased online here or in-person at The Colosseum box office. All shows begin at 8 p.m.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
EAST SETAUKET, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Lixte Biotechnology Holdings, Inc. ( OTCQB : LIXT) presented a late-breaking abstract entitled "Protein phosphatase 2A inhibition with a novel small molecule inhibitor, LB-100, achieves durable immune-mediated antitumor activity when combined with PD-1 blockade in a preclinical model" as a poster (abstract number LB-193) at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting 2017 in Washington, DC on April 4th. This research was done in collaboration with scientists at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS), NIH.
Dr. John S. Kovach, CEO of Lixte, said, "The study shows that in an animal model Lixte's lead clinical compound, LB-100 has synergistic potential in conjunction with immune checkpoint blockade supporting investigation of its ability to enhance immunotherapy in the clinic. LB-100, a novel, first-in-class, small molecule inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2A (PP2A), recently completed a Phase 1 trial in patients with advanced cancer (Chung 2016). In that trial, LB-100, was well tolerated at doses associated with stabilization of progressive solid tumors in 10 of 21 patients with receiving 2 or more courses of treatment. One patient with previously refractory pancreatic cancer had a partial regression for 11 months."
Dr. Kovach continued, "Based on a number of published preclinical studies, we had expected that LB-100 will be therapeutically useful primarily as a potentiator of cytotoxic anti-cancer drugs and x-ray. The present study, however, raises the possibility that, in addition, LB-100 may have a role in enhancing the efficacy of so-called 'immune checkpoint blockers' -- agents that allow patients' own immune system to attack their own cancers."
About Lixte Biotechnology Holdings, Inc.
Lixte is a drug discovery company that uses biomarker technology to identify enzyme targets associated with serious common diseases and then design novel compounds to attack those targets. Lixte's product pipeline encompasses two major categories of compounds at various stages of pre-clinical and clinical development that the Company believes have broad therapeutic potential not only for cancer but also for other debilitating and life-threatening diseases.
Forward-Looking Statements
This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. For example, statements regarding the Company's financial position, business strategy and other plans and objectives for future operations, and assumptions and predictions about future product demand, supply, manufacturing, costs, marketing and pricing factors are all forward-looking statements. These statements are generally accompanied by words such as "intend," anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "potential(ly)," "continue," "forecast," "predict," "plan," "may," "will," "could," "would," "should," "expect" or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology. The Company believes that the assumptions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, based on information available to it on the date hereof, but the Company cannot provide assurances that these assumptions and expectations will prove to have been correct or that the Company will take any action that the Company may presently be planning. However, these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results or experience may differ materially from those expected or anticipated in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, regulatory policies, available cash, research results, competition from other similar businesses, and market and general economic factors. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission at http://www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml.
Additional information on the Company is available at www.lixte.com.
Process could allow other possible bidders to return
Weinstein Co. may be sold to Dallas-based Lantern Asset Management in a court-supervised bankruptcy sale, according to people familiar with the matter.
Moelis & Co., adviser to the board of the troubled film and TV company, is close to a deal with the fund, which previously backed an unsuccessful out-of-court bid by Maria Contreras-Sweet, the former Small Business Administration chief, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks aren't public. The filing could come as soon as Monday.
An agreement would set off a process that could allow rival bidders to top Lantern's offer, according to the people. Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. and Miramax had previously expressed interest in the company. Plans are to keep the company intact through sale, the people said.
Weinstein owns a film library that includes high profile hits such as “Django Unchained.” The developments were reported earlier by Deadline.com, which said the court filing may take place in Delaware.
The company fell into financial distress after co-founder Harvey Weinstein was driven from his post following allegations of sexual misconduct. He's denied allegations of non-consensual sex.
The college basketball career of former McDonald's All-American Brian Bowen is officially over before it ever began as the South Carolina guard will stay in the 2018 NBA Draft.
According to an official release from the Gamecocks, the NCAA informed the school that Bowen would be ineligible for at least the 2018-19 season based on the alleged benefits the Bowen family received from Louisville. Since Bowen hadn't served a transfer year in residence at South Carolina, he was also potentially facing additional time that he would have to be out as well.
Bowen and his family were tied to the FBI's investigation into college basketball this fall as an Adidas executive is alleged to have been part of a scheme to deliver $100,000 to Bowen's family, according to court documents. Eventually cleared by the FBI on Nov. 2, Bowen was not allowed to play at Louisville.
After leaving Louisville amidst the investigation and enrolling at South Carolina in January, Bowen sat on the bench in the hopes of eventually being able to play for the Gamecocks. But the NCAA never gave the promising 6-foot-6 guard the chance to even begin his college basketball career.
“I am completely devastated by the NCAA's ruling,” Bowen said in the South Carolina release. “All I ever wanted to do was continue my education and play college basketball, however, after learning of the ruling, and discussing it with my family and attorney, I've decided to pursue my professional career. I'm grateful to the University of South Carolina and Frank Martin for believing in me and giving me the opportunity to be a Gamecock.”
This is a really tough break for Bowen, as he was likely never directly at fault for the stuff going on behind the scenes during his recruitment. While the evidence provided in the FBI investigation made it almost impossible for Bowen to be immediately eligible, he would have potentially missed over two years worth of time because of this situation.
For a former top-25 national recruit with a promising future, turning pro is probably the best course of action for Bowen at this point. It's disappointing that we'll never see Bowen play college basketball, but it's likely for the best that he moves on and continues his career away from these investigations.
A double-blast of bad news may have sent technology stocks tumbling Monday, but it wasn't enough to silence the bulls.
Facebook Inc.'s 6.8 percent plunge, triggered by reports that a company linked to President Donald Trump's election campaign may have collected data from user profiles without permission, led the Nasdaq 100 Index to its fifth straight decline, the longest losing streak since the November 2016 vote. The news stoked concern that the social media giant will face increased regulatory scrutiny in Washington.
A draft proposal by the European Commission that says companies such as Alphabet Inc. or Twitter Inc. could face a 3 percent tax on their gross revenue based on where their users are located further soured sentiment.
Monday's gut punch came less than a week after the Nasdaq 100 peaked at a fresh record following a 13 percent rebound from last month's market correction. Following are four charts that might take some of the sting out:
Revenue Growth
While tech stocks are trading lower for now, they're likely to get a boost if companies convince investors that growth remains on track when first-quarter results start rolling in next month. Industry earnings probably grew 23 percent during the period, compared 17 percent growth for the broader S&P 500, according to analysts polled by Bloomberg.
Outgrowing the Rest Tech revenue seen growing 10 percent in 2018, the most in the S&P 500 except energy Source: Credit Suisse
A vibrant pace of revenue growth is one of the main reasons to stay bullish on the sector, according to Jonathan Golub, chief equities strategist at Credit Suisse Group AG. He expects tech stocks to post a 10 percent revenue growth in 2018, compared with 6.7 percent for the S&P 500. Supporting the rally will be strong fundamentals and attractive price-to-cash flow, he said.
“The market goes up and down,” Golub said by phone. “The real question is, do we think the macro backdrop is going to be meaningfully disrupted by concerns from Washington? I don't think so. Is the concern over Facebook serious enough to change our view on the sector? It's not.”
Facebook No Problem for Broader Sector
Facebook's slump on Monday, triggered by a report that political advertising firm Cambridge Analytica retained information on millions of Facebook users without their consent, was the stock's biggest one-day decline in four years.
Matt Maley, chief strategist at Miller Tabak, points out that Facebook has already been under pressure from the lawmakers in the U.S. and Europe, and the latest development doesn't bode poorly for the broader tech sector.
“Facebook has been under scrutiny for months, and investors got used to that,” Maley said. “If we see Netflix rolling over or Amazon rolling over, that would be a much bigger deal.”
Facebook may widen losses short-term, depending on what measures the government might take, according to Maley. In this case, the sector may be buoyed by stocks such as chipmakers Intel Corp. or Micron Technology Corp., which would not be directly affected by such a move.
Above Support Level
Despite recent losses, the tech sector doesn't look too weak from a technical perspective. More than 84 percent of stocks in the S&P 500 Information Technology Index are trading above their 50-day moving average, near the highest level since before the February selloff. This compares with about 51 percent for the S&P 500.
Bears Leave Key Tech ETF
Last but not least, take a look at what short-sellers are doing.
The number of shares borrowed to sell short the PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1 exchange-traded fund short fell to 7 million last week from 22 million in late February, data compiled by IHS Markit show. This comes as investors poured $3.3 billion into the ETF last week, the most since the dot-com bubble.
RACINE, Wisc. - A Wisconsin man is accused of giving a nine-week-old infant vaping liquid.
The product is a mixture of chemicals used in e-cigarettes, which generally contains nicotine.
According to the criminal complaint, when police arrived on the scene, the infant was "foaming at the mouth" and appeared to be having a "seizure."
When asked what happened, 30-year-old Dustin Appenzeller, the father of the infant, said he gave the baby "a couple drops" of vaping liquid and appeared calm and unconcerned.
During the incident, Appenzeller said, he'd "done it before" and that "it was fine."
The infant was transported to the Children's Hospital of Wisconsin and treated.
Appenzeller faces a physical abuse to a child charge, which if convicted, carries a maximum sentence of six years in prison.
Salman Khan is known to be a keeper of relationships. He shares a very warm bond with the people that he works with.
There have been so many people who have become family to the superstar because of the years of knowing and working with him.
Director Ali Abbas Zafar seems to be the new member of that "extended" family of the star Khan. Both Salman and Ali share a very good equation and have had a fruitful association in the past with Sultan.
Their second outing together, TIger Zinda Hai is also up for release this month and has everyone excited to watch their magic on screen yet again.
Bharat will mark to be the third film of the duo together. The film is an official adaptation of 2014 South Korean film, 'Ode to My Father' which depicted modern Korean history from the 1950s to the present day through the life of an ordinary man.
It traces the journey of a man that started in 1947 and ends in 2002. Producer Atul Agnihotri says, "It's the journey of a country and also a person, both of whom go by the name of Bharat."
Speaking about the film, he had informed, "That film is just the starting point for ours but since it was an inspiration, we wanted in all fairness to officially own it and acquired the remake rights before going ahead with Bharat."
'Bharat' will feature Salman Khan as the protagonist.
On Salman being the right choice to play this protagonist, Atul insists it's a decision taken from the heart given his long association with his brother-in-law as an actor, producer, and director. "It's a character that I thought would resonate with him. It's a huge responsibility making a film with Salman as there are big expectations that come with the job," he had added
"I'm very conscious about Salman's fan base and what they want. And once again, I'm convinced that being a family film it's worthy of coming during the festive time. And anyway, an Eid release is always every producer's preferred choice," Atul shared.
Sharing filming details, the producer had said, since the film spans many periods, it will require a lot of travel and elaborate sets. "We will be shooting in Abu Dhabi and Spain, besides Punjab and Delhi in India. Prep in every department will be elaborate and happening even as we speak. Casting will be our main agenda over the next three months and since it's a character-driven story, we will take actors who fit the part. It won't be about getting names together but will be honest in its depiction," Atul promises.
Produced by Atul Agnihotri, the film is slated for an Eid release in 2019. Ali Abbas Zafar and Salman Khan will go on floors with their third film in April 2018.
November heard the news that a Legoland Discovery Centre was set to open in Birmingham
● Birmingham set to get its own Legoland
Birmingham is set to get its own Legoland in the city centre.
It emerged in November that plans were due to be lodged with Birmingham City Council to transform space at the Barclaycard Arena.
Owner NEC Group is seeking planning permission to change the use of some parts of the canalside venue which would allow Merlin Entertainments, the owner of the Legoland brand, to open its second 'Discovery Centre' in the UK.
It will represent a major boost both to Birmingham city centre and, in particular, the west side which is seen as a key regeneration area.
● Birmingham eyesore Monaco House set to be demolished
A derelict city centre eyesore which was once the focal point of a long-running supermarket war is finally set to be razed, it was revealed this month.
Monaco House, in Bristol Street, was long mooted to be the site of a brand-new Tesco but the supermarket giant became embroiled in a legal dispute with rival Asda which wanted to open on the Park Central estate opposite.
A demolition notification was lodged with Birmingham City Council to knock down Monaco House and a series of neighbouring buildings comprising a car park and workshop, Nova Court, Wrentham Street industrial units and fuel station.
However, there was no indication within the application what future uses were in the pipeline for the much-maligned site which was bought from Tesco by Manchester-based MCR Property Group.
● Monarch to create 75 new jobs at Birmingham Airport
The engineering arm of budget airliner Monarch announced plans to create 75 new jobs at its base at Birmingham Airport.
Monarch Aircraft Engineering, which opened at the airport three years ago, said it was planning to expand the team there to 250 staff.
The giant hub, which is big enough to house four football pitches, provides jet maintenance and testing services to Monarch and other companies on a contract basis.
Virtually all of these new positions are for skilled, trained engineers, who carry out maintenance on many different types of aircraft including the latest generation Boeing 787 Dreamliner.
● Edgbaston office block to be razed for £300m garden square project
landowner Calthorpe Estates is planning to knock down a 1970s office block in Edgbaston to make way for its £300 million New Garden Square project.
The family-run firm applied in November for permission to bring down the vacant 18-storey Edgbaston House, in Duchess Road, and a neighbouring multi-storey car park.
Its previous tenants included the Islamic Bank of Britain and it is one of several buildings earmarked for demolition to make way for the new development.
Calthorpe Estates unveiled a masterplan in October which includes new apartments, commercial units and leisure facilities to be built around a garden square on land between the Plough and Harrow pub and Five Ways island.
● HS2 to be run by same company as West Coast franchise
A single train company will run both the InterCity West Coast franchise and HS2 high-speed service between London and Birmingham.
The Government announced this month it planned to create a new franchise called West Coast Partnership which will take over the InterCity West Coast service from 2019.
This franchise, which uses the West Coast Main Line from London to Scotland via the West Midlands, has been operated by Virgin Trains since its formation in 1997 and it expires in March 2018.
West Coast Partnership will be responsible for the InterCity franchisee from April 2019 and designing and running the initial high-speed services from 2026 when HS2 launches.
● Crisis at Birmingham City Council after shock £49m budget overspend
An independent auditor was called in to review Birmingham City Council's next budget following a shock £49 million overspend this year.
The Government-appointed Birmingham Independent Improvement Panel ordered extra budget scrutiny after being alarmed at the failure of the Labour-run council to meet its spending targets this year.
The council had failed to secure major savings through closer working between social services and the NHS.
In addition, the panel of local government and business experts again raised concerns this month at the slow progress of change in Britain's largest local authority in a letter to Local Government Secretary Sajid Javid.
● Summer Row bars collapse blaming Birmingham city centre roadworks
Administrators were appointed to an independent group of Birmingham bars with the owner blaming the ongoing Paradise roadworks for its problems.
Financial services firm Begbies Traynor was appointed to Town and Country Inns which runs Mechu, Après and Fleet Street Kitchen in Summer Row along with sister venues in Cheltenham and Sutton Coldfield.
Then co-owner Mark Jones said the £500 million Paradise project, which had involved major roadworks on Parade parallel to Summer Row, had badly affected trade, causing it to slip into administration.
Mr Jones and co-owner Nigel Owen left the business, which had been trading in Birmingham for almost four decades, with new independent operators taking over.
● New health plan to cut baby deaths and increase GP appointments
A plan to revolutionise infant care and stop a projected 34 baby deaths a year in Birmingham and the Black Country was unveiled.
Measures, such as the life-saving baby boxes pioneered in Finland and recently introduced at City Hospital, will be rolled out to cut the high level of infant mortality in the region.
The proposal was part of a wide-ranging plan to transform health services and save thousands of pounds as demand for health care rises.
Further measures include investing in GP services to make another 25,000 appointments available, many on the same day, to ease the pressures on expensive accident and emergency departments.
Review of 2016 - January
Review of 2016 - February
Review of 2016 - March
Review of 2016 - April
Review of 2016 - May
Review of 2016 - June
Review of 2016 - July
Review of 2016 - August
Review of 2016 - September
That's no moon.
NASA's newly released image of Tethys, Saturn's fifth-largest moon, could easily pass as the planet's very own Death Star.
While NASA compared it to an eyeball, the angle of the Odysseus crater — the circular mark on the left — makes it resemble the Empire's planet-destroying space station of “Star Wars” fame.
The Tethys-as-Death-Star shot was taken in November, about 228,000 miles from the icy moon's surface, which is -305 degrees Fahrenheit.
The image was captured by NASA's Cassini spacecraft, which was launched in 2004 in collaboration with the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency, and has been orbiting Saturn since.
'O Monstro' Thiago Silva back to his best in Russia
hello
Mexico's Raul Jimenez, left, heads the ball over Brazil's Thiago Silva during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018. Associated Press
Brazil goalkeeper Alisson, left, celebrates with teammate Thiago Silva during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018. Brazil defeated Mexico 2-0. Associated Press
Mexico's Javier Hernandez, right, is challenged by Brazil's Miranda, left, and Brazil's Thiago Silva, center,during the round of 16 match between Brazil and Mexico at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Samara Arena, in Samara, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018. Associated Press
KAZAN, Russia -- Four years after Brazil's humiliation at its home World Cup, Thiago Silva is back to his best in Russia, a country where his then-burgeoning career was almost tragically cut short years ago.
The 33-year-old Brazil center back - who is nicknamed "O Monstro" for his exceptional physical abilities - is probably playing in his final World Cup, and he has been enjoying a perfect tournament so far.
While forward Neymar attracted negative comments for his antics on the field, Silva has been irreproachable. The captain arguably has been the best center back of the tournament, alongside Uruguay captain Diego Godin.
Like Uruguay, Brazil has conceded only one goal in Russia so far, from a set piece in its opening 1-1 draw with Switzerland . And the Selecao's rivals have managed only five shots on target in their four matches against the five-time champions.
Silva has been playing a key role in helping Brazil achieve those impressive statistics, anchoring the defense with authority and class. During the 2-0 win against Mexico that guaranteed Brazil advanced to the quarterfinals for the seventh consecutive time, Silva was decisive both in the air and on the ground, blocked several shots and made two clearances.
"It's a huge joy to be doing an excellent cup and to be growing with every game," Silva said. "I'm happy about my performance, and the performance of the team."
Happiness and joy have been hard to come by during some stretches of Silva's career.
The native of Rio de Janeiro went through hard times after Brazil's 7-1 loss to Germany at the last World Cup. Silva did not play in that game because he was suspended, but he was harshly criticized and branded a cry baby for his emotional outbursts as he was pictured in tears before a penalty shootout against Chile in the round of 16.
After the tournament, he was stripped of the team's captaincy by new coach Dunga, then left off the regular roster after the 2015 Copa America. He returned from exile in September 2016 for World Cup qualifiers after being called up by Dunga's successor, Tite.
Those professional ups and downs are nothing compared to the ordeal Silva went through back in 2005, when he spent about six months in a Moscow hospital after he contracted tuberculosis. Regarded at the time as one of the world's most promising defenders, Silva had been sent on loan from Porto to Dynamo Moscow alongside several teammates.
"It was probably the worst episode of my life," Silva said.
It was during a training camp in Portugal that doctor Yuri Vassilkov, who had traveled along with the team, noticed that Silva had a persistent cough.
"He had temperature and we thought it was a simple cold," Vassilkov said in an interview with L'Equipe newspaper this week. "I gave him some medication but he did not improve. I was a bit worried and I sent him for exams at the British hospital in Lisbon. The diagnosis was terrible: tuberculosis. It was a shock."
Vassilkov believes that the diagnosis was so late that Silva was weeks away from dying.
Silva was brought back to Moscow, where he was hospitalized in a center specializing in tuberculosis treatment. At the time, Silva did not speak English or Russian and went through a bout of depression.
"The cold, the lack of natural light, the fact that I could not speak to anybody ... All this was very difficult to handle," Silva remembered in an interview with Belgian Sport/Foot magazine.
After Russian doctors at one point considered removing part of his lungs, Silva survived and fully recovered. He never played a game for Dynamo, and these painful events are just bad memories now.
"That would have ended my career. I needed guardian angels to take me away," Silva said. "I was a bit overwhelmed in a friendly we played against Russia this year. It is different for me to play there. I hope I can erase that by lifting the World Cup trophy."
___
Associated Press writer Luis Andres Henao in Samara contributed to this report.
___
More AP World Cup coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Part of Kansas City's Jazz District is closed down after a section of historic building's wall fell on Thursday.
Now, engineers are deciding whether the remodel of that building at 19th and Vine should continue.
The building owner, Lisa Walker-Yager, said the remodel is going according to plan.The building is privately owned and was in process of undergoing a face-lift to eventually reopen in the near future.
Workers were attempting to take down the wall as part of a rehabilitation project at the Mardi Gras building when it partially collapsed. No debris fell into the street however the scaffolding did get pushed back a bit and into a telephone lines.
"We braced it to accommodate for most safety issues that needed to be accommodated for," engineer Clark Kelly said. "As they were starting to take the brick from the top down, it started to move. The bulge went first and some of the upper interior went with it as well."
No buildings were evacuated, but a section of 19th and Vine will be closed while the building is inspected and some of the debris is cleared.
"It`s not a setback. This is a push forward," Walker-Yager said. "This is what we needed. This is what we needed to get done. Now we`re coming into something new."
Walker-Yager said the rehab project will continue, but city officials said they are awaiting a report from their engineer to determine if the building can be saved or should be demolished.
/ Front page / News
THERE is an urgent need to establish a national helpline to assist the elderly, says Fiji Human Rights and Anti-Discrimination Commission director Ashwin Raj.
In a statement, Mr Raj said there was a need for a policy framework that had legal effect as well as the development of a national plan of action and co-ordination mechanism to materialise the National Council for Older Persons Act 2012.
"The elderly in our society are equal in dignity and rights and deserve to live a life free of abuse," he said.
"Older persons have the right to social and economic rights, to remain integrated in society and participate in national development to access social and legal services."
Mr Raj said older persons should be able to exercise human rights and fundamental freedoms when residing in their home, care facility or shelter, including the right to privacy and the right to make decisions about the quality of their life.
While speaking to stakeholders at the Elderly Abuse Awareness Forum yesterday, Mr Raj stressed there was a need to start pushing for a legal affirmation on the term human dignity.
He said people only appreciated other people if they had an economic purchase, productivity or earned a living.
"The elderly must be treated fairly regardless of their age and other prohibited grounds of discrimination prescribed under section 26 of the Fijian Constitution," he said.
Meanwhile, Australian High Commissioner to Fiji Margaret Twomey said elderly abuse was a bigger problem than most people realised.
"Today's (yesterday's) forum and the march tomorrow (today) will hopefully be the start of educating the wider community about this growing issue, so our most respected citizens can enjoy later life," she said.
The forum was facilitated by Australia-Pacific Technical College and Australian Aid.
Celebrations for World Elderly Abuse Awareness Day will take place today at Albert Park in Suva.
World Elder Abuse Awareness Day (WEAAD) was developed and launched on June 15, 2006 by the International Network for the Prevention of Elder Abuse (INPEA).
WEAAD involves activities to bring greater recognition of mistreatment of older adults wherever they live throughout the world.
Summer is approaching and a lot of people will be making potato salad to bring to cookouts. Rickey Smiley spoke about how he loves mustard in his potato salad. Gary With Da Tea agreed and doesn't like too much mayo. Juicy believes that potato salad should have both, but more so mustard.
Follow @TheRSMS
Gary also talked about how people need to smash the potatoes because he hates chunks. Rickey doesn't like when people put unnecessary items in potato salad like onions. How do you like your potato salad?
Make sure you listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” 6am ET.
RELATED: #WhitePeopleInvitedToTheCookout Generates Funny Tweets
RELATED: Oakland Has Another Message For BBQ Becky
RELATED: Stanford University Reacts To BBQ Becky Calling Cops On Black People
The Latest:
Tasty Summer Drinks & Snacks To Bring To The Cookout 24 photos Launch gallery Tasty Summer Drinks & Snacks To Bring To The Cookout 1. Sip Back & Relax! 1 of 24 2. Angry ElderBerry Mojito 2 of 24 3. Summer Spice 3 of 24 4. Red Berry Sangria 4 of 24 5. Patron Jalapeno Margarita 5 of 24 6. Cayenne Grilled Peaches 6 of 24 7. Low & Slow Beef Brisket 7 of 24 8. Honey & Soy Glazed Ribs 8 of 24 9. Grilled Pork T-Bones With BBQ Butter 9 of 24 10. Grilled Skirt Steak With Horseradish Sauce 10 of 24 11. Cruzan High Tai'd 11 of 24 12. Cruzan Life's A Peach 12 of 24 13. Basil Daiquiri On The Rocks 13 of 24 14. Cruzan Weekender's Punch 14 of 24 15. Watermelon Margarita 15 of 24 16. 2 GINGERS® Charger 16 of 24 17. Spring Lemonaide 17 of 24 18. Honey White & Blue 18 of 24 19. Voga Star Spangled Spritzer 19 of 24 20. Succelent BBQ Sauce 20 of 24 21. American Dream 21 of 24 22. ICE Pop Sparklers 22 of 24 23. AmericaThe Blue-tiful 23 of 24 24. BIG GINGER® 24 of 24 Skip ad Continue reading Tasty Summer Drinks & Snacks To Bring To The Cookout Tasty Summer Drinks & Snacks To Bring To The Cookout
The Ingredients That Should And Should NOT Go In Potato Salad [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO] was originally published on rickeysmileymorningshow.com
SALEM, Ore. (AP) – A man authorities say kidnapped a woman and her child and held them at their home has been arrested after he took her to a store and she mouthed the words “help me” to several people.
Christopher Hahn-Collins, 25, of Salem, is scheduled for a hearing Monday afternoon at Marion County Circuit Court. It wasn't immediately clear if he had an attorney.
The sheriff's office said Saturday Hahn-Collins had broken into the woman's home on Friday, and when she and her child returned there, he held them at knifepoint overnight and into Saturday. The unidentified woman convinced Hahn-Collins to take her to the store, where she was rescued by deputies who had been called to the scene.
Detectives say Hahn-Collins and the victims didn't know each other previously. He's charged with kidnapping and other crimes.
My recent column, “When should kids get their first smartphone?,” generated lots of discussion.
One woman even told me, “I'm going to cut it out and save it for my son to use when his children are older.”
But cellphones aren't the only child-rearing challenge. Parents are continually bombarded with tough decisions and must often create policies from scratch without relying on past experience, generational input or bodies of research.
Below are nine guidelines to assist parents in making those uncomfortable calls.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
A few suggestions: Gather data. Read books. Listen to experts. And learn what people in the know have to say about each problem. (One of my go-to resources is the American Academy of Pediatrics. https://www.aap.org/en-us/Pages/Default.aspx)
Talk with other parents. Find moms and dads whose values and behaviors match your own and hear what they've done about similar situations. You don't have to follow all recommendations exactly. Pick and choose which are the best fit.
Understand your child. Each boy or girl is unique and requires varying measures of oversight and discipline. While it's sometimes possible to have a household-wide policy, it's okay to tighten or loosen the reigns as individual situations warrant.
Involve kids in the decision. You want them to be invested in the process. Explain what you're trying to accomplish (i.e. monitor children's online accounts) then ask for their opinions. Of course, the ultimate decision is in your hands.
Make rules crystal clear. Keep them brief and consider posting them in a place for all to see. Vague rules indicate a lack of clarity and adult conviction and decrease the likelihood of compliance.
Your child may not agree with your decision. On some issues, kids get a voice. At other times, Mom and Dad call the shots. Remember you're the leader of the household; it's your job to do what you think is best.
Only enact rules you can enforce. Lack of oversight encourages deceit and sets kids on a quest to outsmart their folks. Make sure you have the time and ability to do it right.
Never tolerate deception or lying. If you suspect that youngsters are being untruthful, remove privileges and/or access to devices. Gradually allow them to rebuild trust via appropriate attitude and behavior and ultimately regain privileges that were suspended.
Change rules as needed along the way. Nothing's cast in concrete. If you identify areas that need finetuning, go ahead and make adjustments.
Campaigners want the legal right to pay with notes and coins
A defense of cash is now being mounted in the U.K.
With about 5 percent of the adult population of Britain still reliant on notes and coins for almost all their day-to-day payments, campaign group Positive Money is calling on the government to enshrine consumers right to pay with cash and protect ATMs from closure.
It argues that it is discriminatory to limit customers' choice, since some groups – such as the elderly, people without bank accounts and those with low or irregular incomes – may not be able to access other forms of payment.
Cash Reliant Lower income Britons are far more like to rely on notes and coins for day-to-day spending Source: UK Finance
“As is already the case in countries like Sweden, shops and restaurants will increasingly refuse to accept cash, putting products and services out of reach for potentially millions of people,” a Positive Money report said Tuesday. “Government should update the legal definition of legal tender, to require retailers to accept cash as a means of payment.”
Age Gap Older people in the U.K. are more reliant on using cash than younger generations Source: UK Finance
It's not only about fair access though. The group -- which is known for holding protests against the Bank of England's quantitative-easing program -- also says people should be able to hold cash as a “risk-free form of money.”
Their concerns echo those of lawmakers in Sweden, where “no cash accepted” signs are becoming an increasingly common sight in shops and eateries. Swedish central bank Governor Stefan Ingves has said it too should consider forcing banks to provide cash to customers and is mulling the development of an official form of digital currency to work as a complement to it.
That's an idea the U.K. campaigners are also keen to emulate:
“If people want to store their money and make payments electronically, they should have the opportunity to do so without facing hidden costs or unnecessary risk. The government should work with the Bank of England to introduce a digital version of cash, and set up a public payments provider with the specific job of reaching those who are currently excluded.”
Although BOE Governor Mark Carney has lauded the potential value of the underlying technology of cryptocurrencies, he has ruled out a central bank-issued digital currency for now. Looks like “Britcoin” may still be some way off.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — A 30-year-old woman is recovering after being shot on the northeast side of Indianapolis Monday morning.
Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department officers were called to the 3700 block of 37th Place, near 38th Street and Mitthoefer Road, just after 4:15 a.m.
The woman was taken to Sidney and Lois Eskenazi Hospital. Her condition was not released, but police said she was awake and breathing.
Officers say the shooting stemmed from a fight.
Stay with WISHTV.com for updates.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
July 2, 2018
Mary Fauncein McLarry is seen at her 2007 retirement from the Office of Worship. (NTC file photo/Kathy Hamer)
Mary Fauncein McLarry, 85, the first Director of the Office of Worship in the Fort Worth Diocese, died June 21. The Sisters of St. Mary of Namur (SSMN) led a vigil service July 1 at Thompson's Harveson & Cole Funeral Home in Fort Worth.
Father Kyle Walterscheid, pastor of St. John Paul II University Parish in Denton, will celebrate a Mass of Christian Burial for McLarry at 10 a.m. July 3 at St. Peter the Apostle Parish in Fort Worth.
Interment will be at a later date in the Riverside Cemetery, Wichita Falls, Texas.
McLarry was born Sept. 13, 1932 in Wichita Falls to Jess and Alice McLarry. Though her family was Baptist, McLarry discovered the Catholic faith at age 12 when, after her mother's death, she was sent to Our Lady of Victory (OLV) boarding school in Fort Worth.
In the spring of 1950, she was received into the Catholic Church at Immaculate Conception Parish in Denton. On Sept. 1 of the same year, she entered religious life with the SSMNs who had been her teachers at OLV.
McLarry earned a bachelor's degree in music with a concentration in piano from the American Conservatory of Music in Chicago in 1960. In 1969, she earned a master's in liturgy from the University of Notre Dame. She did graduate work during the summers, and during the school year taught religion, piano lessons, and directed choirs at Nolan Catholic High School.
In 1970, McLarry became Music and Liturgy Director at St. Peter, where she worked until 1986, when then Bishop Joseph Delaney appointed her Director of the Office of Worship. In that position, she helped parishes develop inclusive, multicultural liturgies and collaborated with diocesan committees to develop sacramental guidelines, including liturgical changes that came out of the Second Vatican Council.
“Unless you lived in that time — the time of the Second Vatican Council — there's no way to begin to understand what it was like,” McLarry said in a 2007 interview with the NTC. “It was a time of so many changes in the Church, and it was exciting to be a part of that, and to be serving in ministry with the sisters, because they were and are so forward-looking, so aware of the needs of the people.”
Ruth Elsken, former organist for St. Peter, remembered McLarry's encouraging demeanor with the choir there.
“She was welcoming to everyone and encouraged people who didn't think they could sing or play an instrument,” Elsken said. “We all wanted to do our best for her.”
McLarry also created LitNet, a “liturgy network” of people involved in parish liturgy or music. Joanne Werner, Director of Music and Liturgy at St. Michael Parish in Bedford, explained that under McLarry's guidance, this group of professionals and non-professionals worked collaboratively and creatively, despite their varied levels of knowledge and experience.
“It was a really rich experience,” Werner remembered. “It was liturgical formation for those of us who were learning as we went along and her teaching style was gentle, pastoral, and very open. We all felt very supported.”
McLarry's gentle spirit and collaborative nature reached beyond liturgy and worship to the permanent deacon formation program where she was often seen supporting deacon candidates and their wives on formation weekends.
Though she decided, after much discernment, to leave religious life in 1985, she stayed in contact with the SSMN sisters and continued working in the Office of Worship until her retirement in 2007.
McLarry is survived by her niece, Jenepher Woods, and husband Brian. In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to SSMNs, ssmnwestern.com/donate
By Eric Stock
KAPPA – The Woodford County Coroner's office is investigating a death from a house fire New Year's Eve.
At 6 a.m Saturday, the El Paso Fire Department was dispatched to a vacant house in Kappa near the Kappa Kabanna. Coroner Tim Ruestman said a man was found dead inside the home.
The identity of the victim has not been confirmed. No other information is available.
The Woodford County Coroner, Woodford County Sheriff's Office and the El Paso Fire Department are investigating along with Illinois State Police and the Illinois State Fire Marshal's office.
Eric Stock can be reached at eric.stock@cumulus.com.
Paul McCartney made a surprise appearance alongside the Killers to perform the Beatles' “Helter Skelter” during the band's performance at a private New Year's Eve party in St. Barts.
The Killers posted video of the
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: See Paul McCartney Join Killers for ‘Helter Skelter' at New Year's Bash
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: ‘Zero evidence' Moscow influenced US poll, says Trump press chief
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Leilah Day and Hana Baba are the co-hosts of the new podcast The Stoop. Both Day and Baba are journalists at KALW based in San Francisco. They say they wanted to "start conversations and provide sound-rich stories about what it means to be black, and how we talk about blackness" — and so, The Stoop was born.
The World's Marco Werman sat down with Baba and Day to chat about some of the topics discussed in their recent podcast episodes.
Episode 5 droppin this week! Subscribe!! A post shared by The Stoop (@thestooppodcast) on Sep 11, 2017 at 10:25pm PDT
Marco Werman: So Leilah, you're African American. And Hana, you're African and American. You grew up here and in Sudan. And this is kind of the point of The Stoop, right? You call it, "frank, funny conversations about black identity."
Leilah Day: Yeah. That's what we're doing we're basically talking about things that we feel we talk about amongst each other, but maybe not in public. And so Me and Hana, both work together at a radio station in San Francisco and we were having these conversations, and we thought, 'We need to make something out of this.' So we started The Stoop.
MW: It is a really great listen. It's informative and it's entertaining — which is a great combination. There is one episode that really jumped out at me. It's called, "You called me African what?" and it's about what African Americans think about Africans and what Africans think about African Americans. Did that come out of your own experiences?
Hana Baba: Yes it did. You know growing up in Houston, Texas in the 80s we were the only Sudanese family ... ever. In my school, definitely. In that neighborhood. And I had African American friends at school and, you know, some of them were starting to be mean to me and I didn't understand why. We looked the same. We had the same little braids with the beads at the end. These are the girls that I would naturally bond with, right? The black girls. I'm black, you're black, we're all black.
But that's when I understood that they don't see me as one of them. And they made it very clear. There was teasing and taunting.
LD: Why this came up with me and Hana was because we both heard this term which is "African booty scratcher" and it was a very derogatory term. Hana was called that in school. And I heard the other little black kids say it. They'd be taunting each other on the playground and they would call each other this, and all the kids start laughing. But it stuck with us. We remember hearing it. Hana remembers ... it pained her. So we were like, "Let's deconstruct this. Let's try to figure out where this came from. Why were calling each other this?" And and it was painful. It was super painful.
MW: Do you remember how you felt about this phrase when you first heard it as a kid?
LD: I was super young. I mean when Hana and I were talking about this, we were like in elementary school. So I just knew it was derogatory. I knew it was hurtful.
HB: But you could tell when people are being mean. Right? Like the tone. It's not like, "Oh. You are an African booty scratcher." You know? It's, "Oooo African booty scratcher!"
LD: There's no nice way to put it.
MW: So in The Stoop, both of you take on stereotypes and preconceptions of what kids say to each other but also what adults think too.
LD: I mean, it kind of reminds me of this conversation that me and Hana have about "the nod." Right, Hana?
HB: Mhm.
LD: So it's this thing that happens within black culture, where if you see someone black and you're in a very white space you make them a little head nod. Like, "Hey, Marco. What's up." Like a little, "I acknowledge you." And I would ask Hana, "Do you do that? Do Africans do that?" She's like, "No, Africans don't do that."
HB: No, we do not.
LD: So, it's like these little subtle things that happen within our communities that we're trying to understand a little bit better.
MW: In The Stoop, you guys dive into some touchy subjects. I mean, some sensitive areas. But I've got to say, in this really relaxed, easygoing way. I mean, this is really painful stuff and it's personal and intimate and I almost feel like I shouldn't be listening to it. You're letting us in and exposing things a lot of people are unaware of. Like, as I said, like me — like white people. Do you ever get criticism from people saying, "Hey, these are our secrets. Why are you letting them out?"
A post shared by The Stoop (@thestooppodcast) on Sep 14, 2017 at 8:30am PDT
HB: You know the overall reaction to the episodes is from people who say, "You know, I remember this. You know I remember 'African booty scratcher' from when I was little. I remember when my mom came to school with a scarf on her head and people teased me." But we've also gotten some people saying, especially in this current climate, that when they hear a conversation like this, that it's not the time for it. And that people are supposed to be unified at this point in time and that this brings division. For us it's like, we can't heal if we don't have the conversation and if we don't hear these harsh words — that I still hear in my community, here in the Bay Area, Sudanese, in 2017.
And so, I think that's been our approach and our response to this kind of criticism also in terms of "the secret." Like, "Why are you letting out these these these secrets from our community?" Because we think they should be talked about.
LD: The reality is, there's ever going to be a perfect time for us to talk about this stuff. We started developing this podcast like a year ago. So I I feel like there's no time like the present to be doing this. And we're trying to do it the best way we can.
MW: It's a great way. I actually have a question, because we interviewed a plus-size model from South Africa on the show last week. And I started following her on Twitter and I noticed that she used the N-word at one point. I'm just curious, how do you as an African-American feel when Africans use that word?
LD: You know Marco, that could be a Stoop episode.
HB: That sounds like a Stoop episode.
MW: Feel free to run with it. I am honestly curious how you feel about it.
LD: It's something that I thought about and I actually brought this up to Hana. I said we should do an episode on when Africans use the N-word. One, because I think it sounds a little different sometimes and so it doesn't carry the weight as it does when people use it — for me specifically. But basically, the idea of how the term is used when we hear words that are derogatory, what is the differentiation when using that word. Like that's definitely something we really want to get into.
MW: As you two have been producing this podcast, was there ever a time when you both realized that you really were not coming from the same place?
HB: Many times!
LD: Yeah!
LD: I can think of a moment where we were both like, "Wait a minute, let's Stoop this out."
There was an episode we did called "Nice tribal wear. Now take it off." It was about African Americans wearing tribal, African clothing, like the dashiki or a bubu. Or the head wraps and not knowing where the fabric is from. And I wear head wraps.
MW: You're wearing one right now!
LD: I am! I don't know where it's from but I know it looks cute. So we were talking about this and there was an article that came out where this girl was saying, "I'm having an issue with African Americans wearing African clothing and not knowing the meaning behind it." And I said, "Well Hana, do you have an issue with this?"
And she was kind of like, "I can't say that I do but I do wonder why people would not know the meaning behind some of these things." And that's where this conversation started going. And that was a Stoop episode right there.
MW: You know I had a friend from Ghana in college — and I'm going to date myself here this is like 1980, '81 — and there were far fewer Africans in US colleges and universities than there are now. And some of what you describe, I witnessed then. But it's also interesting as I listen to this episode of The Stoop, to feel like not that much has changed. In fact, it kind of feels like this culture of not getting the other side has settled on both sides maybe. Am I wrong?
HB: I think it's gotten better. I am more optimistic and I think that shows in The Stoop talk that had, in the episode where we had Schadden, who is a young, Sudanese American lady and her two African American friends — these are millennials — they are talking about this stuff. We never talked about it. I was telling Leilah, I don't remember kind of exploring and unpacking any of this and it feels like this generation of young people in universities are doing that. You know, the word "intersectionality" — we never went there and they are now.
Listen to full episodes of The Stoop here.
This interview was edited and condensed for clarity.
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The Latest: Real Madrid says it has no deal to sign Mbappe
hello
Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson dives during the group D match between Iceland and Croatia, at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the Rostov Arena in Rostov-on-Don, Russia, Tuesday, June 26, 2018. Associated Press
Sweden, left, and Switzerland players listen for the national anthems prior to the start of the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Associated Press
Security agents stand guard outside Spartak Stadium ahead of the group E match between Serbia and Brazil, at the 2018 soccer World Cup in Moscow, Russia, Wednesday, June 27, 2018. Associated Press
A girl cools off in a public fountain during the 2018 soccer World Cup in Krasnodar, Russia, Wednesday, July 4, 2018. Associated Press
France's Kylian Mbappe controls the ball ahead of Stve Nzonzi during a training session at the 2018 soccer World Cup in Glebovets, Russia, Monday, July 2, 2018. Associated Press
MOSCOW -- The Latest at the World Cup (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
Real Madrid is back in the thick of intrigue at the World Cup even with Spain having been eliminated.
The Champions League titleholder issued a statement Wednesday rejecting reports that it has reached an agreement to sign France forward Kylian Mbappe from Paris Saint-Germain. This comes two days after Madrid dismissed a report that it had offered to buy Neymar from PSG for a world-record transfer of 310 million euros ($360 million).
Madrid made waves at the start of the tournament when it hired Spain coach Julen Lopetegui to take over after the World Cup. Spain's federation summarily fired Lopetegui days before Spain's first match, saying the coach and club hadn't given it proper notice.
___
5:08 p.m.
A Moscow court has fined a British fan for vandalizing a statue of a revered Russian soccer player outside a World Cup stadium.
The Tushinsky District Court handed a 3,000-ruble ($47) fine Wednesday to 20-year-old Rufus Hall for inscribing the statue of former Spartak Moscow player Fyodor Cherenkov with the word "England." Hall was detained by police just before England defeated Colombia on Tuesday.
The vandalism prompted an outpouring of criticism of English fans on Russian social networks, with users calling them poor guests. Hall apologized in a video posted online by Sport24.ru.
Cherenkov is not well known outside Russia but remains a hero to Spartak fans after winning three Soviet titles and one Russian title with the club. Thousands of fans attended his funeral in 2014.
___
3:03 p.m.
Russian police have briefly detained several activists protesting political repressions outside a World Cup arena.
Police moved quickly to round up four teenagers outside the stadium where Sweden knocked out Switzerland on Tuesday. The four were released a few hours later.
Lika Petrovskaya, a 16-year-old who wore a bloodied white dress at the protest, said their goal was "to attract attention to the political repressions," including the imprisonment of Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov. Another five activists were also detained Tuesday while they were distributing leaflets calling for Sentsov's release.
Sentsov, a vocal opponent of Russia's annexation of Crimea, was sentenced in 2015 to 20 years for conspiracy to commit terror acts. He denied the charges and has been on a hunger strike since mid-May.
___
2:43 p.m.
After impressing at the World Cup, Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson has been sold by Danish team FC Randers to Azerbaijan champion Qarabag.
Iceland exited the tournament at the group stage but Randers' sporting director Soeren Pedersen says the performance of the 34-year Icelander "hasn't gone unnoticed." Halldorsson's tournament was highlighted by saving a penalty kick from Lionel Messi in a 1-1 draw with Argentina.
Pedersen said Wednesday that the club got "a concrete bid from Qarabag, which we have accepted." Details of the deal were not released.
Halldorsson, who played 69 games for the team, said "it is time for me to try something else and embark on a new adventure."
/ Front page / News
MINISTER for Agriculture Inia Seruiratu has urged farmers to look after the soil in their farms, saying they were the medium of development.
Responding to questions from this newspaper regarding the issue of soil infertility, Mr Seruiratu said depleting soil fertility was a problem faced by farmers around the country.
Mr Seruiratu said soil productivity could only be increased if they were tended to properly by farmers.
"Depleting soil fertility issues in Taveuni is because of the way they do their husbandry practices and unfortunately, land has not been able to heal naturally," he said.
"The use of excessive chemical fertilisers is a major contributing factor to the problem.
"Farm lands are not given enough time to recuperate and improve as they continued to be farmed with excessive use of chemical fertilisers or weedicides."
Mr Seruiratu said the ministry was seriously looking into the problem with partners and stakeholders to find solutions to the issue.
"What we have done through non-governmental organisations such as Teitei Taveuni and Pacific Community is look at ways and strategies to find solutions to address the issue," he said.
"Two members of the Teitei Taveuni movement were sent to Cuba to look into how to manage the soil better.
"The ministry has been introducing leguminous plant like the Mucuna beans which are rich in nitrogen."
Mr Seruiratu said these were some of the current remedies they were working on to address the problem of fertility depletion in soils around the country.
By Abraham Gutierrez
Looking to snap a dreadful two-game losing skid, the Miami Dolphins return to South Florida to host a banged-up Tennessee Titans side. With question marks surrounding the health and (game-time) status of Tennessee's starting quarterback Marcus Mariota, Miami will look to capitalize with a much-needed “W” Sunday at Hard Rock Stadium.
In total, head coach Adam Gase and his staff listed a total of seven hobbled players in their NFL Week 5 injury report. Luckily, no one has been ruled out, as there are five players listed as questionable and the pair whose statuses will be a game-time decision are expected to start.
Rey Maualuga set for Fins debut
For the first time all season, linebacker Rey Maualuga is absent from Miami's weekly injury report. The best part is that, not only is he healthy enough to make his long-awaited Dolphins debut, but he is also expected to start.
“My feeling, the way I've been practicing all week with the first group, I would hope that I'm ready to go and they've got all the trust in me to go in there and line up and get the job done,” Maualuga said.
As a result, outside linebacker Mike Hull (shoulder injury—full participation in practice) will be coming off the bench after starting every game this season.
Meanwhile, the former Cincinnati Bengal will be asked to try ad contain Tennessee's double-headed rushing attack consisting of DeMarco Murray and Derrick Henry – who have combined to average almost five yards per carry.
“I think it'll be a good first game to come back to,” Maualuga said. “As long as they keep running the ball, I think the more you'll see me on the field. We'll see what happens.”
Dolphins' cornerback issues
After suffering a shoulder injury in last week's loss to New Orleans, all indications are that starting cornerback Xavien Howard (shoulder injury—full participation in practice) will start in Sunday's home opener. That is particularly good news given the fact that Adam Gase has expressed very little faith in Byron Maxwell (hamstring injury—full participation in practice) as a starter.
“You'll have to ask him that specific question,” said the Fins head coach when asked why he'd decided to demote the seventh-year-an out of Clemson. “[Maxwell] hasn't shown me any signs as far as doing anything different than what he's always done as far as working at practice and trying to find ways to get better. I know last week when we practiced, he came out and every day he battled. He did scout team. He did stuff with the regular defense. That's more of a question for him. But as far as what I've seen. I haven't really seen a change in his practice habits.”
Dolphins' offense will have all hands on deck
Coming in ranked last in the National Football League in points scored (8.3 ppg) and total yards per game (249 typg), Fins fans would be glad to know that Gase and his staff all hands will be on deck on the offensive side of the rock.
The only offensive players listed in the team's NFL Week 5 injury report were starting center Mike Pouncey (hip injury—did not practice all week) and first-string running back Jay Ajayi (knee injury—did not practice in Thursday's).
However, all indications are that the purpose of their absence was described as a “customary Thursday off,” and they are both expected to start when the team finally plays in South Florida.
“I can't wait to go out there and play in front of our home crowd,” Pouncey said. “Obviously we can never use that as an excuse. We got dealt this schedule and we've just had to deal with it, but it feels good to finally be able to play in a home game.”
Miami Dolphins NFL Week 5 Injury Report & Game Statuses
Questionable:
(CB) Byron Maxwell (Hamstring) –Full Participation in Practice
(CB) Xavien Howard (Shoulder) –Full Participation in Practice
(DE) Terrence Fede (Shoulder) –Full Participation in Practice
(DT) Jordan Phillips (Ankle) –Limited Participation in Practice
(LB) Mike Hull (Shoulder) –Full Participation in Practice
Undisclosed:
By Josh Brown
jbrown@aimmediamidwest.com
and Rob Kiser
rkiser@aimmediamidwest.com
MIAMI COUNTY — Troy tennis coach Mark Goldner has heard the talk.
But he knows his job is to make sure that's not all it is.
“The word around is that we're supposed to be good,” he said. “But we'll see.”
The Trojans return six players with varsity experience from last year's team, including a trio of four-year starters that made up the three singles spots last year on a team that went 17-5 — including 16 5-0 victories — and won its second consecutive Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division championship. And with all of that firepower coming back, as well as a host of new talent to develop, Troy will enter this season as one of the top teams in the Dayton area and with lofty goals — and expectations.
Leading the way for the Trojans will be seniors Shane Essick, Elijah Sadler and Andrew Magoteaux. Essick played first singles last season, Sadler played second and Magoteaux third, and the trio dominated their way through league play last year, helping the Trojans sweep all 10 GWOC American North matches.
“Really, our top three will all be four-year lettermen,” Goldner said. “They all played as freshmen, so that's good.”
Also back for Troy are senior Anoop Patel and sophomores Nathan Kleptz and Jackson Goodall, all who saw playing time at doubles last season. Troy graduated its first doubles team of Nick Prus and Jack Johnston, leaving Patel, Kleptz and Goodall to join up with one newcomer in the lineup.
But the Trojans have five players fighting over that final spot. Senior John Wehrkamp is out for tennis for the first time, and senior Austin Glover, sophomore Sean Dippold and freshmen Genki Masunaga and Noah George will also be looking to break into the lineup. Unfortunately, the preseason weather has not been kind to the Trojans — or anyone, for that matter — as they look to solidify their opening-day lineup.
“It's great from my perspective,” Goldner said of having an experienced and deep roster to choose from this season. “From theirs, though, there's going to be some disappointments. We're going to have some kids that may not get to play every day, may have to be in some JV matches.
“Unfortunately, with the lack of practicing outside, it's a tossup as to who is even going to be where right now. I could say Shane and Elijah look like one or two and Andrew three, but Nathan Kleptz is close to maybe being in for singles, and I'll take a look at Goodall soon. If the weather doesn't start cooperating, I don't know what's going to happen. And I understand that everybody is in the same boat, but right now it's been very frustrating when you've got 11 people and you want to get a good look at them and the weather's kind of putting a limit on that.”
And Goldner knows he has to have his Trojans ready because of what they'll be facing as they look to repeat again in the GWOC American North.
“Our schedule is going to be tough,” Goldner said. “We're going to play all the good teams in the Dayton area, we're going to be in the team tournament, and if they're not prepared — which, I think we are prepared except for being outside — but if we're not, they're going to be surprised because there are quite a few good teams around the Dayton area.
“Sidney's going to be very good at three singles spots,” Goldner said. “Greenville lost its first two players, but I think it'll be decent, and Vandalia (Butler) has its No. 1 back, who was only a freshman last year, and it's got a couple other kids back. I think that's going to be the competition in the league. Don't expect us to win all those matches 5-0 again, but we should fare pretty well.”
And faring well in the division is the goal, as always, as well as getting someone to the state tournament once the postseason begins.
“Our goal is always to win the GWOC American North,” Goldner said. “We're going for three this year. And we want to get as many people to the district tournament as possible and hopefully get someone through that to state — but as everybody finds out when they get to Cincinnati, it's a whole different world.”
* Tippecanoe
A young Tippecanoe squad may have struggled in its first season as a member of the Greater Western Ohio Conference American North Division last season, going 8-9 overall and finishing 6-4 and fifth place in league play, but the Red Devils return every one of those players as well as welcoming a host of new potentials.
The first doubles team of Ian Stewart and Noah Blake — which was first team All-GWOC American League last year — returns, as does Colin Achterberg at first singles, who was second team all-league. Evan Hill returns at second singles, David Shinninger is back at third singles and the second doubles team of Christian Blake and Levi Berning returns for the Devils.
“We have all seven varsity tennis players coming back this season, so we will be bringing back experience at all five positions,” Tippecanoe coach Kaci Matthews said. “With a roster of 24 boys and new talent coming into our program, the coaching staff is looking forward to watching the boys improve, compete and get a lot more wins underneath their belts this upcoming season.”
* Milton-Union
Milton-Union said goodbye to two-time state qualifier and graduate Philip Brumbaugh in the offseason, but the Bulldogs return five players with varsity experience and are taking aim at winning a seventh straight Southwestern Buckeye League Buckeye Division championship.
Key returners include Nathan Brumbaugh, who played second singles behind Philip Brumbaugh last season, and Nick Brumbaugh, who played third singles and first doubles at different times in the year last season. Also back are Jake Swafford and Peyton and Matt Brown, who will make up third singles and first doubles this year.
“We are looking to be competitive in all of our matches this year,” Milton-Union coach Roger Davidson said. “We are looking to keep our streak going with a seventh consecutive league title this year. Our league teams have gotten stronger this year, so that is going to be a tougher task to accomplish.
“We are also looking at growing our younger players for upcoming years. And as for the postseason, we are looking to make another strong showing at the sectional and advance to district and state play again this year.”
* Piqua
Dave Williams returns for his 32nd year as Piqua coach.
The Indians were 5-13 overall last year and 0-5 in the GWOC North.
Returning letterwinners include seniors Sean Hatke and Isaiah Smith.
Williams hopes to finish the season over .500 and place a player in the district tournament.
* Lehman
Tim Ungericht returns for his third season as coach.
The Cavaliers finished 10-7 last year and didn't lose anyone to graduation.
Returning letterwinners include seniors Griffin West, Sam Ritze, Ryan Goettemoeller and Michael Wesner; juniors Sean Toner, Elias Bezy and Cole Kramer; and sophomores Danny Lins and Elijah Jock.
“We have been building for this season for two years ,” Ungericht said. “My first year as coach with the core of this team, they were sophomores and freshman and we only had eight players. Only one had varsity experience, and we were 5-10 with no district qualifiers. Last season we grew to nine kids, were 10-7 with a district qualifier Griffin West who also was a second team -All-Miami valley area selection. We also ended the season as the sixth-ranked team in the Miami Valley area.
“We had a fourth-place finish in the eight-school Schroeder Invitational. We took a big step forward last year. We have everyone back and our first two JV players will have lots of varsity experience so we have good depth and lots of experienced players. Our kids got a taste of success last year and that has motivated them to work hard with clinics at both the Troy Country Club and Schroeder Tennis Center.”
The team has some new goals this year.
“Our goals are to beat Sidney (Lehman lost a pair of 3-2 matches to them last year), win the Schroeder Invitational, get more than the 10 wins we had last year, win some rounds in the coaches team state tournament, send multiple players to districts and end the season ranked in the top five in the Miami Valley area Division II.
“We are a good team blessed with the return of assistant coach Mike Ritze who had a huge impact on our program last year. I told the kids in our preseason team meeting we can be great but in order to get there we have to work hard and stay together as a team. We have 11 kids out this spring. It is our biggest team since 2015.”
Contact Josh Brown at (937) 552-2132, or follow @TroyDailySports on Twitter.
Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Elijah Sadler is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_troy_sadler-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Elijah Sadler is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Troy's Andrew Magoteaux is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Troy_Magoteaux-1.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Troy's Andrew Magoteaux is one of three returning seniors for the Trojans this year. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's David Shinninger returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Tipp_Shininger-1.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's David Shinninger returns this season. Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Levi Berning returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_170427aw_Tipp_Berning-1.jpg Anthony Weber/Troy Daily News file Tippecanoe's Levi Berning returns this season. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nick Brumbaugh returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_mu_nickbrumbaugh-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Milton-Union's Nick Brumbaugh returns this season. Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Nathan Kleptz returns this season. http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/03/web1_051317jb_troy_kleptz-1.jpg Josh Brown/Troy Daily News file Troy's Nathan Kleptz returns this season.
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – The Alaska man accused of killing five people at a Florida airport is scheduled for a Wednesday court hearing in Anchorage to be sentenced in an earlier domestic violence case.
Esteban Santiago had agreed to take part in a deferred sentence program that included completing an anger management course following the 2016 incident.
The 27-year-old was charged with assault and criminal mischief after police say he broke through a bathroom door and struck his girlfriend in the head.
Prosecutors say Santiago will not attend the hearing. His Anchorage lawyer's office won't say if he'll phone in from Florida, where he's been in federal custody since the Jan. 6 deadly shooting at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood airport.
He's accused of retrieving his gun from checked baggage after landing, killing five and wounding six.
The Godfather of Go Go Music, Chuck Brown is photographed for the cover of the Washington Post Sunday Magazine.
Photo by The Godfather of Go Go Music, Chuck Brown is photographed for the cover of the Washington Post Sunday Magazine.
Village manager out in Vernon Hills shake-up
hello
Vernon Hills Village Manager John Kalmar speaking at the 2014 GLMV "Ask the Mayors" luncheon at White Deer Run Golf Course in Vernon Hills. Daily Herald file photo, 2014
An unexpected shake-up in Vernon Hills is underway with veteran Village Manager John Kalmar being replaced.
Kalmar has been asked to resign, but details have not been made public. He reportedly left in the middle of the work day Friday after meeting with Mayor Roger Byrne at village hall. Byrne could not be reached for comment Monday.
Former Police Chief Mark Fleischhauer, who retired last June after more than 17 years in that position, is identified as interim village manager on the village website. He was not immediately available for comment.
An employment agreement with Fleischhauer is listed under new business on the Wednesday village board meeting agenda, but it hasn't been finalized. The agreement will be discussed in a closed session immediately after the meeting starts.
"He's (Kalmar) been asked to resign," Trustee Michael Marquardt said. "Wednesday, we'll know more." He declined further comment as did other trustees who were contacted.
Kalmar served 14 years as assistant village manager and director of community development before ascending to the top spot in early 2014 to replace retiring Village Manager Mike Allison.
After Allison announced his retirement, village officials talked about a replacement but didn't conduct a search.
"During these discussions, the board and I felt that we had the best candidate for the position on our staff," Byrne said in information provided at the board meeting in late 2013, where Kalmar was announced as Allison's replacement.
The most recent actions followed a cryptic exchange between Byrne and Kalmar last week during a special committee of the whole session on the village budget. While discussing the judiciary portion of the budget, Kalmar listed five lawyers or law firms under contract.
"Do we have any money allocated for recently retained special counsel? John, do we have any money budgeted for that?" Byrne asked. He did not specify the purpose but continued after Kalmar replied there wasn't.
"No? You're sure?" Byrne said.
"Yes, I am," Kalmar said.
"Nobody else? You're not consulting with anybody else on anything?" Byrne continued. At that point he asked Finance Director Nikki Larson if she knew what he was talking about.
"Don't look at me like I don't know," Byrne said to Larson.
One trustee suggested Byrne give them a "bigger hint."
"No. They don't need a bigger hint," Byrne said. "Do you want to go into closed session on that one?" he asked Kalmar.
"It's up to you," he replied.
"Tell me what you know for sure," Byrne said.
"I'm not sure what you're talking about," Kalmar responded.
Byrne said he would meet with Kalmar and Larson at village hall.
"OK. All right. That's fine with me," Byrne said. "You shouldn't look so pensive, John. You really shouldn't," he concluded. The matter was not mentioned again during the meeting.
"It seems like Nazism and white supremacy have been rising in America, culminating with the events in Charlottesville. We here to protest [fascism] in America," said Kevin Millar, former Mayor of Owego.
Within several hours of publicizing the 'No Nazism in America Rally', dozens of people met with American flags, banners and signs; as they stood in the Courtyard Square of the Village of Owego; protesting the recent Unite the Right: white supremacists rally that left one woman killed and multiple people injured in Virginia. Rally attendees say they're protesting in Owego to urge people to make a strong stand against racism, Nazism and fascism. Calling all Americans to stand up for other U.S. citizens and no longer remain silent against hate.
"There really is just one side here. There is not two sides...and the side is what's right, the side of love, caring for others and doing what's right as U.S. citizens," said Diane Lechner, Chair of the Tioga County Democratic Committee.
"In this rural county we take a stand and we take a stand against this issue of racism," said Dorothy Stevens, First Chair of the Tioga County Democratic Committee.
Although many groups feel the white-supremacy movement should not be allowed to spread their views by public forums, the Bill of Rights' First Amendment does state that; Congress shall make no law prohibiting the free exercise of abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble. Giving hate-groups the right to peaceably assemble. But some of the protesters in Owego believe by allowing Nazi-radicalists and other forms of supremacists to express high-levels of hatred, bigotry and racism against other Americans is "dangerous" and should not be tolerated silently.
"I'm a veteran in the Marine Corps. My father and his generations before him fought against our enemies. We had people that fought against Nazism and for it to be re-surging here in America is scary. To see those enemies creeping into America is just appalling and the answers that Nazism presents are not what this country stands for," said Kevin Millar.
"I hope the public will see that the white community is speaking to the radicals in our community, just as we call for other communities to do. We're here, we're allies and we won't stand for it," said Irena Horvatt, Owego resident.
As vehicles drove by the protesters, Monday, the rally-goers were met by honks, hoots and the occasional shout of a different opinion. But protesters still feel that the majority of U.S. citizens feel as strong as they do in regards to hate-filled rhetoric.
"I believe there is enough decent people in the world who would stand up against hate. Humanity is better than this," said Nick Conti, Owego resident.
Standing up and saying "fascism has no place in America," said one rally attendee, is the truest way to make America great again.
"I had a good feeling right there and then they made a great play on Nick's ball," Atlanta manager Brian Snitker said. "That thing was two inches from being a base hit and here we go."
Vargas (2-3) pitched five scoreless innings, allowing just two hits and one intentional walk with two strikeouts.
The Mets got what they needed from Vargas, who was pitching on three days' rest and began the game 1-3 with a 10.62 ERA in five starts in his first season with New York.
New York made it 2-0 in the seventh off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran (4-3) when Rosario tripled with two outs and scored on Nimmo's single.
The Mets went up 3-1 in the eighth on Gonzalez's single off Sam Freeman and took a 4-1 lead in the ninth when Rosario doubled off Miguel Socolovich and scored on Nimmo's double.
New York led 1-0 in the fourth when Jay Bruce doubled and scored on Gonzalez's double.
Teheran gave up five hits, two runs and three walks in seven innings. He struck out three.
New York moved Vargas up in the rotation after Noah Syndergaard went on the disabled list with a strained ligament in his right index finger. Vargas had given up 34 hits, including six homers, with 10 walks in 20 1/3 innings in his first season with the Mets.
But he kept Atlanta off-balance, allowing just a first-inning single to Freddie Freeman and a second-inning double to Charlie Culberson.
Tim Peterson, making his major league debut, retired the first four batters he faced before Johan Camargo hit his fourth homer in the seventh to cut the lead to 2-1.
DROP IN THE STANDINGS
The Braves had been in first place since May 2, but never by more than 1 1/2 games.
PERFECT CONDITIONS
After the first three games had over four combined hours of delays caused by rain or the threat of a storm, Wednesday's games breezed through in 2 hours, 42 minutes. The temperature stayed in the high 70s on a clear night.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: LHP Steven Matz is listed day to day, and the team hopes he won't miss a turn in the rotation with a mild strain in his middle left finger. Manager Mickey Callaway said Matz isn't expected to go on the disabled list.
Braves: RHP Mike Soroka, on the disabled list the past two weeks with a right shoulder strain, will make his first rehab appearance Friday at Class A Rome.
UP NEXT
Mets: RHP Seth Lugo (1-1, 2.48 ERA) will make his first start of the season as the Mets open a four-game home series against the Chicago Cubs. In 26 starts, he's 12-6 with a 4.09 ERA. He's 0-1 with a 9.00 ERA in one start and two relief appearances when facing the Cubs.
Braves: LHP Sean Newcomb (5-1, 2.75 ERA) is coming off no-decision last Saturday at Boston in which he lasted just three innings and gave up six hits and three runs. Before that, Newcomb had won four starts this month and allowed just one run and nine hits in 25 innings. Newcomb is 0-2 with a 9.72 ERA in two career starts against Washington.
___
For more AP baseball coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By George Henry, The Associated Press
JACKSONVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — A Jacksonville woman died in an accident Friday afternoon.
Troopers said 39-year-old Angela Golden was turning left out of East Coast Imports on Gum Branch Road near Northwest Bridge Road when she pulled in front of a Dodge Dakota.
Her 1996 Volvo was hit on the driver's side, and Golden did not survive.
The driver of the Dodge, Elaine Jones, 65, of Richlands was taken to the hospital and is expected to recover.
Troopers said neither speed nor alcohol was a factor in the crash, and said Golden likely just didn't see the truck coming.
Troopers were called to the scene around 1:30 p.m., and the road was closed for several hours.
DAVIE, FLA. (WSVN) - An adult has gone missing in Davie, and detectives believe foul play is involved.
According to police, 38-year-old Valentino Malloggi was last seen on Sunday, near 2705 Burris Road in Davie. Officials added that Malloggi told his family that he was going to do a job for the tow truck company where he is employed.
Detectives said Malloggi's tow truck was located at 3501 Burris Road and noted it was left running. Malloggi's personal items were reportedly removed, however a GPS tracker on the vehicle did not indicate that the tow truck drove anywhere other than the location where it was found.
A BOLO alert has been issued.
If you have any information on this missing person, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Getting your head around cryptocurrencies was hard enough before governments got involved. But now that policymakers around the world are drawing up fresh regulations on everything from exchanges to initial coin offerings, keeping track of what's legal has become just as daunting as figuring out which newfangled token might turn into the next Bitcoin.
The rules can vary wildly by country, given a lack of global coordination among authorities. And while that may change after finance chiefs discuss digital assets at the Group of 20 meeting in Buenos Aires this week, for the time being there's a wide range of opinions on how best to regulate the space. Below is a rundown of what major countries are doing now.
Asia
Most of the world's cryptocurrency trading takes place in this tech-savvy region, with Japan playing a dominant role after it introduced a licensing system for digital-asset exchanges last year. In Hong Kong, regulators have adopted a more hands-off approach while at the same time warning crypto platforms to refrain from trading anything that qualifies as a security without permission. Singapore's deputy prime minister has called cryptocurrencies an “experiment,” adding that he doesn't see a strong case to ban trading. Taiwan authorities are taking a wait-and-see approach, while the Philippines plans to roll out rules for ICOs by year-end.
China, once a global hub for cryptocurrency trading, now leads the world in cracking down. It has outlawed digital-asset exchanges and ICOs, blocked online access to overseas trading platforms and cut off power to Bitcoin miners. South Korea, which became a hotbed of cryptocurrency activity last year, is also tightening oversight as it works on a comprehensive set of regulations, though it has allowed exchanges to keep operating for now. In India, where crypto-mania has been relatively subdued, the government has said it doesn't consider digital currencies to be legal tender and will take measures to curb their use.
Americas
Most cryptocurrency trading in the U.S. takes place in a legal gray area, a point highlighted by the nation's two top market watchdogs in testimony to Congress in February. Still, the Securities and Exchange Commission has been scrutinizing everything from ICOs to cryptocurrency hedge funds and trading venues. How exactly it plans to crack down on the industry remains to be seen.
In Canada, regulators have said that ICOs may be treated as securities and that products linked to cryptocurrencies should be considered high-risk. At the same time, the country's stock exchanges have become popular destinations for crypto-related stocks and exchange-traded funds. Brazil's market regulator, meanwhile, has barred funds from investing in cryptocurrencies because they aren't classified as financial assets.
Europe, Middle East and Africa
The European Commission is still reviewing the bloc's regulatory framework for cryptocurrencies. The European Securities and Markets Authority, which coordinates standards across member states, has proposed restrictions on derivatives tied to virtual currencies for retail investors, and is also assessing how the EU's new MiFID II rules apply to digital assets. One regulation that's already in the pipeline: platforms that exchange virtual currencies for conventional money will soon have to verify the identity of their customers.
At the national level, Germany has cracked down on trading venues that lack permission to offer brokerage services and French authorities have said that online platforms for crypto-derivatives should face tough reporting and business conduct standards. In the U.K., a parliamentary committee is looking at how to police digital currencies.
Russia's finance ministry unveiled draft legislation in January that would ban cryptocurrency payments while allowing ICOs and the exchange of virtual currencies into the traditional sort. To make the rules permanent, the ministry may have to overcome opposition from the nation's central bank.
It's mostly a gray area for cryptocurrency regulation in major African economies. South Africa's markets regulator doesn't oversee virtual currencies or digital-asset exchanges, though the central bank has said it will investigate an “appropriate policy framework and regulatory regime.” In Zimbabwe, where digital currencies are traded on exchanges and used for remittance payments, the monetary authority has warned about the risk of “money laundering, terrorism financing, tax evasion and fraud.”
It's a similar story in Kenya, one of Africa's most tech-savvy nations. There, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have grown in popularity even as officials have warned against trading them. In Nigeria, cryptocurrency markets aren't regulated, but the central bank, which likens Bitcoin trading to gambling, has said that will probably change.
— With assistance by Sam Mamudi, Adrian Leung, Andrea Tan, Silla Brush, Benjamin Robertson, Paul Wallace, Benjamin Bain, Yuji Nakamura, Stepan Kravchenko, Kristine Owram, Godfrey Marawanyika, Julia Leite, Colleen Goko, Santanu Chakraborty, Emily Cadman, Cindy Wang, Anuchit Nguyen, and Aline Oyamada
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m. in a Home Depot parking lot, the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
Why it matters to you The original Mitsubishi Evo is gone, but this could be the next best thing.
The Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution was one of the greatest performance cars of its time. A rally-inspired turbocharged pocket rocket based on the humble Lancer sedan, it has been sorely missed since production ended in 2015. But the “Evo” may return — in an unexpected form.
Debuting at the 2017 Tokyo Motor Show, the Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept aims to rekindle the spirit of the Lancer Evolution. But the concept is a completely different kind of vehicle. Instead of a small sedan with a turbocharged gasoline engine, it's an SUV with an all-electric powertrain.
Because the e-Evolution concept isn't ready for its big moment, Mitsubishi only released a couple of teaser photos and the vaguest of technical details. The SUV has three electric motors, including one that powers the front wheels and two that power the rear wheels, giving the vehicle all-wheel drive.
The three-motor setup is similar to the Audi e-tron quattro electric SUV concept, with the two rear motors providing torque vectoring. That means power gets shunted side to side, helping to turn the vehicle into corners and making for sharper handling.
The Mitsubishi e-Evolution concept also features an artificial intelligence system. It monitors both road conditions and the driver's actions, and interjects to assist the driver. Instead of fully autonomous driving, the A.I. is meant to augment a human driver. It even includes a coaching function to improve the driver's skills. Keep in mind that it's unclear if any of this technology will make it to production.
In fact, it's hard to say whether the e-Evolution itself will ever evolve beyond the concept-car stage. Mitsubishi says the SUV concept indicates the direction its products will take in the near future. But Mitsubishi has shown many dazzling concept cars over the past few years, and none of them have made it to production.
Its health has improved somewhat recently, but Mitsubishi is still a relatively small player. A high-performance electric SUV would be a major coup for the automaker, if it could pull that off. Tesla has shown that electric cars can be sporty, but so far that idea hasn't trickled down to more mainstream brands. It's about time that changed.
(DANDO GOA-VELHA)
Wife of Pascoal Braganca. Daughter of late Domingo Gonsalves/ late Ruzaria Pires. Loving Mother and Mother-in-law of Shalom Braganca & Amira Rodrigues. Sister of Monica Gonsalves/ late Xavier Dias, Conceicao Gonsalves/ late Caetan Jose D' Costa.
The Roots. (Ben Watts for Def Jam Records)
Listen to WPGC all week for your chance to win a pair of tickets to check out The Roots
The show is December 28 at The Fillmore Silver Spring.
Tickets are On-Sale Now.
For Tickets & More Event Info Click Here
Courtesy of Live Nation
EDUMARK urges corporate organisations to support education
Foremost education consulting firm, EDUMARK, has called on corporate organisations to lend more support to the education sector by going beyond donating blocks of classrooms and libraries to schools and get more involved in the sector.
Addressing journalists recently in Lagos in preparation for the 10th annual Total School Support Seminar/Exhibition (TOSSE) slated for June 7 & 8, 2018, Chief Executive of EDUMARK, Mrs. Yinka Ogunde, said there are various problems plaguing the education sector on a daily basis.
“We see the range of challenges that confronts both public and private schools. We also come across numerous organisations and individuals with creative ideas that have the capacity to transform the sector, so we decided to create a platform that will bring together all key stakeholders in the education community”, she said.
Ogunde said such stakeholders include school owners for them to acquire better entrepreneurship/leadership skills, principals and school administrators to become better managers of human and material resources as well as teachers to take them through various sessions that will inspire and encourage them to become exceptional teachers.
Also parents and school support staff to provide them a unique learning experience, stressing that TOSSE has continued to add value to a sector that holds the key to the development of the nation.
The CEO added that some of the topics that would be examined at the seminar include Wealth Building and Management for Education Entrepreneurs, Developing a Positive School Climate, Create an Ownership Mindset in your Team, Teaching with Joy: A Personal Experience and Rich Teacher, Poor Teacher: What Exceptional Educators Know but do not Tell among others.
She said educators are expected from various parts of the world such as UK, Togo, South Africa and Finland.
Some of the speakers at the event include Bisi Soji-Oyawoye; Executive Director, John Maxwell Team; Taiwo Akinlami, Child Right advocate; Funmi Tells, Educational Consultant; Funke Fowler-Amba, Director, Vivian Fowler Memorial College for Girls and Joachim Atunwa, Rector, Advertising Academy of Nigeria.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NEW YORK — A woman's son allegedly choked his mother's ex-boyfriend to death Monday after spotting the man beating her inside their New York City apartment, police said.
The 43-year-old ex-boyfriend showed up at the University Avenue unit in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. to talk to the mother, police told WPIX. The two argued in the hallway, then he followed her into the apartment.
The man, who police didn't immediately identify Monday, then began beating the 37-year-old woman, officers said. Her 18-year-old son heard what was happening and rushed out of his bedroom.
The teen allegedly fought with his mom's ex-boyfriend, pulling him off of his mother before choking the man to death, police said.
Police sources said the mother, who had briefly passed out, woke up to the sight of her son standing over her ex-boyfriend.
The dead man has 26 prior arrests, two for domestic violence against the teenager's mother, sources told WPIX.
Police took the teen into custody. No charges have been filed as of Monday evening.
Cellphone video shows Nikolas Cruz planning Douglas school shooting Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Cellphone video released by the Broward State Attorney's Office shows Nikolas Cruz talking of his impending attack on Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Broward State Attorney's Office
1. NO. 25 ARIZONA STATE LOSES ANOTHER ONE
College basketball's last remaining unbeaten team will drop out of the top 25 come Monday morning.
Arizona State, at one point in the season, was No. 3 in the country with wins over Xavier on a neutral floor and Kansas in Lawrence. They still have those wins, but as of today, Arizona State is now just 4-6 in the Pac-12, sitting in eighth place in the league standings, after falling at Washington, 68-64.
The fall that we all knew was inevitable happened.
The truth is this: Arizona State is a team that doesn't really defend with a roster full of talented-but-little guards that love to shooting tough shots. When those tough shots go in, they look great. When they don't, they look … well, they look the way they've looked over the course of the last month.
Perhaps the better story here is actually Washington. A team that lost the No. 1 pick in the draft and was so dead in the water that they fired the guy that was going to bring in Michael Porter Jr. is now sitting at 16-6 on the season with a 6-3 record in the league. The Huskies, as of today, are an NCAA tournament team.
Who saw that coming?
2. TEMPLE TOPPLES THE SHOCKERS
The Owls forced 16 turnovers, held Wichita State to 41.2 percent shooting and pulled off an 81-79 upset at home.
A win is a big deal for Temple, which began AAC play with four-straight losses to negate a nice non-con that featured wins over Clemson, Auburn and Wisconsin, but the biggest news is that the 16th-ranked Shockers already have three conference losses in their inaugural AAC season.
Basically, Wichita State's loss to the Owl handed Cincinnati, which is 9-0 in AAC play, the regular season crown with about 5 weeks still on the schedule and robbed college basketball of two really juicy matchups in the season's last month, as is explained here.
The other big news is game provided us with this GIF of a Temple player getting laid out while celebrating, which is very important.
3. WISCONSIN'S SLIDE CONTINUES
The list of programs that have been as consistently good as Wisconsin in the 21st is a very short one. The Badgers have been in every NCAA tournament since 1999, never finish worse than fourth in the Big Ten and went to back-to-back Final Fours in 2014 and 2015.
It's been the steady achiever plugging along for nearly two decades.
The wheels have fallen off this season, though.
Wisconsin fell to 10-14 overall and 3-8 in the Big Ten with 60-52 loss to Northwestern at the Kohl Center in Madison.
It was clear the Badgers were due for drawback this season with the roster looking very much like Ethan Happ and everybody else, but just how bad things have gotten for Wisconsin are rather startling. They've already lost five games at home and have looked thoroughly overmatched against so-so competition like Northwestern, Nebraska and Iowa. Against the league's best, they've been throttled, losing to Michigan State by 15 and Purdue by 38.
Greg Gard took Wisconsin to back-to-back Sweet 16s after taking over for Bo Ryan, but he and the Badger faithful are experiencing a season like one they are wholly unaccustomed to. To put it into perspective, most underclassmen on campus in Madison right now have never known a year without Wisconsin in their lifetimes.
Subscribe Let our news meet your inbox. SIGN UP
SpaceX's new megarocket, the massive Falcon Heavy, will make its launch debut in November, according to the company's founder and CEO Elon Musk.
In Twitter and Instagram statements late Thursday (July 27), Musk announced the fall target for the Falcon Heavy's maiden flight.
"Falcon Heavy maiden launch this November," Musk wrote on Twitter. He did not reveal a specific target date for the launch, though it is expected to fly from Pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. SpaceX leases the pad from NASA and has been using it for Falcon 9 rocket launches.
Related: SpaceX's Falcon Heavy Rocket in Pictures
SpaceX's Falcon Heavy is a heavy-lift rocket that will stand 230 feet tall (70 meters) and be capable of lofting payloads of up to 60 tons (54 metric tons) into low-Earth orbit, and up to 24 tons (22 metric tons) into a geostationary transfer orbit. The rocket will be the most powerful U.S.-built rocket since NASA's Apollo-era Saturn V moon rocket, SpaceX representatives have said.
The Falcon Heavy is based on SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket and uses two Falcon 9 first stages strapped to a central core (itself a modified Falcon 9 booster). Like the Falcon 9, which can launch into orbit and land its first stage back on Earth for later reflight, the Falcon Heavy is designed to be reusable.
Earlier this month, Musk dampened expectations for the Falcon Heavy's first launch. Speaking July 19 at the International Space Station Research and Development conference in Washington, D.C., Musk said there was a "real good chance" the Falcon Heavy wouldn't make it to orbit.
"I hope it makes it far enough away from the pad that it does not cause pad damage. I would consider even that a win, to be honest," Musk said during the conference.
Related: So You Want to Be a Space Tourist? Here Are Your Options
Earlier this year on March 30, Musk said the first Falcon Heavy will use two previously flown Falcon 9 first stages. SpaceX test fired the first Falcon Heavy core stage in May.
Musk added on July 19 that designing the rocket was much more difficult than he expected, but he is confident that it will eventually prove to be "a great vehicle," despite any early hurdles with the first test flight. And the first test flight should be something to see, he said.
"I encourage people to come down to the Cape to see the first Falcon Heavy mission," Musk said, referring to Cape Canaveral. "It's guaranteed to be exciting."
Email Tariq Malik at tmalik@space.com or follow him @tariqjmalik. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
FOLLOW NBC MACH ON TWITTER, FACEBOOK, AND INSTAGRAM.
Your Video Begins in: 00:00 00:23 00:00 / 00:00 Space Launches: Who's Getting off the Planet These Days and Why? 00:04:06
SALT LAKE CITY — A Mormon church leader was removed from his post and kicked out of the religion Tuesday for the first time in nearly three decades.
James J. Hamula was released from a mid-level leadership council based on disciplinary action by the religion's highest leaders, said Eric Hawkins, a spokesman for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Hawkins didn't say why Hamula was ousted, but the Utah-based church said it was not for apostasy, which refers to teaching inaccurate doctrine or publicly defying guidance from church leaders.
Efforts to reach Hamula at listed phone numbers were not successful.
The last leader to be excommunicated was the late George P. Lee in 1989 after Lee, an American Indian, called Mormon leaders racist. The church said then that Lee was removed for “apostasy and other conduct unbecoming a member of the church.”
The last church leader removed before Lee was Richard R. Lyman, who was excommunicated in 1943 for adultery but baptized again 11 years later.
Hamula became a member of a group called the “General Authority Seventy” in 2008. It is a group of nearly 90 leaders that sit below the church president, his two counselors and two other levels of leaders.
They help run church operations by serving as a bridge between local lay leaders in Mormon congregations around the world and the top leaders working at church headquarters in Salt Lake City.
Hamula's removal is surprising because he was well-regarded and was even considered by some outside Mormon scholars as a possible candidate to join the high-level Quorum of the Twelve Apostles when the church was filling three vacancies in 2015, said Matthew Bowman, a Mormon scholar and history professor at Henderson State University.
Hamula was not chosen, but he was still considered an up-and-comer destined for more important assignments, Bowman said. In recent years, Hamula served in important roles as assistant executive director of church history and executive director of a department that reviews all documents published by the church.
“He had a promising future,” Bowman said.
His removal will likely be talked about among some of the nearly 16 million worldwide members of the Mormon religion, but it may not cause a huge stir because it may be the first time many have heard of Hamula, Bowman said.
Hamula was born in Long Beach, California, and is married with six children, according to his church biography. He was a lawyer until joining the leadership council in 2008.
Political opponents and the main trade union group are critical of the Nigerian president's economic policies. A Burundi government minister is assassinated. And the authorities in Bujumbura say they'll take action against the African Union over the non-payment of salaries to peacekeepers serving in Somalia.
In Nigeria the main story in the daily paper Punch has the opposition Peoples Democratic Party and the Trade Union Congress calling on President Muhammadu Buhari to change his economic policies in order to bring the country out of economic stagnation.
Opposition figures want the government to take on competent experts to fix the economy. There have also been calls for an increase in the money supply and an end to high taxation.
It is claimed that Nigeria's economy, once the largest and fastest growing national economy in Africa, is now rated in the lower t30s.
Bad year for Nigerian investors
The main story over at the Guardian would seem to support the gloomy view, with a report that the Nigerian stock exchange lost 26 percent in the course of last year.
Embittered by the outrageous losses suffered by stock market investors, stakeholders blamed the development on government's unfavourable policies and neglect of the market.
Burundi back in the headlines
Burundi is on quite a few front pages this morning.
BusinessDay in South Africa reports the shooting dead yesterday morning of Environment Minister Emmanuel Niyonkuru.
According to the Johannesburg-based paper, the murder, the first of a serving government minister since Burundi sank into turmoil over President Pierre Nkurunziza's controversial bid for a third term in 2015, comes after months of relative calm.
A police statement says that a woman has been arrested following the "assassination".
No salaries for Somalia peacekeepers
Burundi has threatened to sue the African Union over failure to pay peacekeeping troops serving in Somalia, according to the front page of regional paper the East African.
Nkurunziza said the Burundian forces serving under the African Union Mission in Somalia (Amisom) have gone for more than a year without salaries.
With 5,432 soldiers in Somalia, Burundi is the second contributor of troops to the Somali mission after Uganda. Kenya, Ethiopia and Djibouti also have peacekeepers in Somalia.
Amisom has struggled to pay its 22,000-strong peacekeepers fighting the Al-Shebab terrorist group after the main financier, the European Union, cut its funding by 20 percent last year.
Tanzanians charged with trespass in Malawi
Eight Tanzanians recently arrested for alleged spying in Malawi have been charged, the East African tells us.
Tanzanian diplomats confirmed the arrests near the Kayelekera uranium mine but denied that those arrested were spies, saying they were a team from the Catholic relief organisation Caritas.
The Tanzanians were charged with criminal trespass and are currently being held at Mzuzu Prison pending a mention of their case later this week.
Kenyan election reform legislation enters final stages
The Kenyan legal affairs committee this week embarks on the final phase of collecting views over contentious election laws.
Opposition senators are reported by the Nairobi-based Daily Nation to be holding to hardline positions over the bill, which saw the opposition threaten mass action if it becomes law.
If endorsed by the Senate, the Bill will be sent to the president for assent. The legislation provides for the use of manual backup in the identification of voters and transmission of election results in the event the electronic system fails.
Names to watch out for as Kenya prepares to vote
Over at sister paper the Standard, the main story looks at the crucial political players as the country faces an election year.
President Uhuru Kenyatta and his deputy William Ruto are clearly key players, says the Standard, since they have the power to influence legislation which will determine how this year's polls are conducted.
Raila Odinga, leader of the opposition Colaition for Reforms and Democracy is another crucial figure, even if he has yet to confirm his status as a candidate.
Fast food is delicious.
There we said it. It had to be said. Is it the most healthy? No? Is it cheap and quick and comforting? All three definitely.
There's an unwritten code of conduct between the fast food employee and the customer pulling up in their car at the drive-thru window; a mutual understanding treating each other with respect, because a small part of both of them would rather be somewhere completely different at that moment.
As a former drive-thru worker, Kelsey Stiegman revealed some of those unwritten rules that customers should always follow, in order to make the drive-thru experience quick and painless for all. For all of us driving through, we should never:
Sit there and dig through our to-go bag
It's rude to do this because the assumption is your order is automatically incorrect, plus it causes a line of cars to stack behind you. Also, employees are often timed and graded on how long they turn cars in and out of the window.
Say “You messed up my order”
The employee working the window didn't mess up your order, someone in the kitchen did. Total shooting the messenger-type thing.
Bang on the window to get the employee's attention
It's rude, not to mention unsanitary, and if you're still sitting at the window after receiving your food the employee probably knows something is wrong, and will check with you immediately.
Try to order something at the second drive-thru window
The second window often does not have a cash register. The person manning that window has to walk to the first window, wait for that current customer to finish their order to put in whatever you wanted after the fact. It's easier to walk into the store to order that second Coke, or just pull around to the speaker a second time.
Asking the employee to throw away your garbage for you
There's no telling what is in the garbage, and accepting anything of the sort could potentially bring a huge health code violation on the restaurant.
Asking for a refill
Kind of the same logic as trying to pawn off your garbage. The employee has no idea what was done with the cup in the time they handed it to you to the time you're trying to hand it back.
Talk quietly
The speaker boxes are not of the highest quality. Everyone has trouble hearing them, apparently.
Ask for a straw or napkin when the employee just said “straws and napkins are in the bag”
This is just a plea to listen carefully. Nobody likes repeating themselves.
Via Seventeen
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident, the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure, the medical examiner said.
Alcohol and topiramate, a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in her system, were "significant contributing factors" in her death. Her blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive.
"When combined, the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced. Topiramate, like alcohol, can cause dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment," the medical examiner said in the statement.
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont, Ill., about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9, video surveillance shows. Her body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later, investigators said.
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to her death, the ME said. The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and "no other evidence of external or internal trauma."
PORTLAND, Ore. – So I recently ordered an item from the Internet. Not a Christmas gift, just something for me. This isn't a complaint, since shipping was free and I didn't need it right away. It's just an observation that I found interesting.
The item originated Monday, Dec. 4th in Houston, TX. By the following Thursday, it was in Troutdale, Oregon. That's about a forty minute drive from my home in Battle Ground, WA. The expected delivery date was still a week later, which seemed odd. But, again, not an urgent matter.
Today I checked again, just to see if the expected delivery date had changed. It had, actually upgraded to this Tuesday. Cool. But imagine my surprise when I noticed the package was now sitting in a FedEx SmartPost facility in Kent, WA. That's nearly 2 1/2 hours from my home. So FedEx sent my package from a place a mere 40 minutes from me, to a place two hours further away, and then will apparently drive it down to Battle Ground tomorrow. Does that make any sense to you?
I'm sure these shipping companies have their reasons for the circuitous route packages seem to often take. Maybe it has to do with which hubs deliver where, and how their routs run. But it may also explain why when you ship something it often costs a lot more than you think it should. After all, if you routinely drove to Castle Rock before coming back to Portland for work, your gas bill would probably go up a bit.
Anyone out there work for FedEx or UPS who wants to explain this to me?
Las Vegas Metro police said they located a man who was visiting the Valley from outside of the country after he was initially reported missing.
Yoshito Kamimori, 36, was last seen Wednesday at 8 p.m. near the 3800 block of Las Vegas Boulevard, near Tropicana Avenue, police said. He was with family members when they became separated. He was safely located Thursday evening.
Police said he may have been in severe emotional distress and in need of medical assistance.
Kamimori was described as an Asian male, standing 5'6" tall, weighing 160 pounds, with fair complexion, brown eyes, and black hair. He was last seen wearing a black t-shirt with a Pokémon design, black shorts, and a black hat.
Anyone with information on his whereabouts is urged to contact police at 702-828-3111, the Missing Persons Detail during business hours by phone at 702-828-2907 or by email.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Stack Rock's peak is just under 5,900 feet, and the out and back hike is a little more than 8 miles. Going higher is not for the inexperienced. Getting to the top takes moderate climbing skills, a good head for heights and a good partner.
It's the long-running quiz show that has traditionally been dominated by students from Oxford and Cambridge.
But an undergraduate from Motherwell has won praise for almost single-handedly leading his team to victory on University Challenge in a dramatic episode broadcast this week.
Alasdair Logan, a mechanical engineering student at the University of Strathclyde, answered 16 questions correctly on a range of subjects including literature, botany and art criticism.
The 110-point haul was enough for the Scots team to defeat Imperial College by 145-125, despite the team from London leading by more than 60 points at one stage.
READ MORE: Quiz: Can you math Alasdair Logan?
The victory was rounded off by Logan correctly answering three bonus questions on the 2016 football European Championships.
The thrilling comeback led host Jeremy Paxman to joke: “Strathclyde, you left it pretty late I thought. You seemed to be asleep in the first half.”
Social media was quick to react to the student's performance, with one viewer claiming Logan had produced the best individual performance they had ever witnessed.
Another Twitter user said: “Logan, wherever you are, you are an absolute machine. Well done tonight to both teams.”
The student is the latest University Challenge contestant to prove a hit on social media. The last series of the quiz made brief stars of Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull, two fiercely intelligent contestants with memorable names from opposing Oxbridge teams who propelled their teams through the series.
Mr Logan and his teammates James Flannigan, Paul Dijkmanm and Ian Brown will return for a second round match against an as yet unnamed opponent in the coming weeks.
If Strathclyde can maintain their winning run all the way to the final they could become only the third Scottish-based institution to win University Challenge, matching the achievements of St Andrews in 1982 and Dundee the following year.
Edinburgh's best finish was a runners-up spot in 1981, while Aberdeen, Strathclyde and Glasgow have never made the final.
The founder of Mountain of Fire Ministries, MFM, Pastor D.K. Olukoya says he and his church members don't celebrate Christmas because it's “demonic.”
Speaking during the New Year service, the General overseer said, “In Mountain of Fire, we don't celebrate Christmas because the root is demonic.”
“It is on scriptural records that Jesus Christ, when winding up his mission of salvation about two thousand years ago, expressed his ambivalence about finding faith in the world when he returns.
“He must have seen with precision the impending decadence awaiting Christendom after his departure.”
“Be careful what you say about a man of God,” he added.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A 23-year-old man who was “out for blood” when attempted to detonate what he believed was an explosives-laden van outside an Oklahoma bank in a plot similar to the deadly 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal building is expected to be formally charged Monday, authorities said.
Federal officials said Jerry Drake Varnell of Sayre, Oklahoma, was arrested early Saturday in connection with a plot to detonate a vehicle bomb in an alley adjacent to BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City. Varnell was scheduled to appear in federal court later Monday on a charge of attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Court records do not indicate whether Varnell is represented by an attorney.
A federal complaint filed on Sunday says a confidential informant told the FBI in December that Varnell wanted to blow up a building and “that Varnell was upset with the government and was seeking retaliation.”
Officials said Varnell initially wanted to blow up the Federal Reserve Building in Washington, D.C., with a device similar to one used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building, killing 168 people and injuring hundreds more.
In a series of text messages with the FBI's informant, Varnell “claimed to have a bunker for when the world (or United States) collapsed” and indicated he was trying to build a team, the complaint states.
“I'm out for blood,” the complaint quotes Varnell's texts. “When militias start getting formed I'm going after government officials when I have a team.”
An undercover FBI agent posed as someone who could help Varnell build a bomb and met face-to-face with him on June 1 to discuss obtaining materials for an ammonium nitrate and fuel oil bomb similar to the one used in the Oklahoma City bombing, the complaint states.
Varnell indicated at the meeting that he had previously made homemade explosives and that he “was of the same mind with people who wanted to use explosives and make a statement,” the complaint says.
“Something needs to be done,” Varnell said, but killing a lot of people was not a good idea, according to the complaint. During text conversations in July, Varnell stated he wanted to conduct the attack after closing hours to prevent casualties but conceded that some bank workers or custodians who were inside the building could be killed or injured in the blast, it says.
The complaint says Varnell helped assemble the device and load it into what he believed was a stolen van. Shortly after midnight on Saturday, Varnell drove the van by himself from a storage unit in El Reno, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from the bank in Oklahoma City, and dialed a number on a cell telephone that he believed would trigger the explosion. The FBI and members of a Joint Terrorism Task Force arrested Varnell shortly before 1 a.m.
The complaint also states that Varnell prepared a statement to be posted on Facebook after the explosion which reads in part that the attack was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people” and “an act done to show the government what the people think of its actions.”
If convicted, Varnall faces between five and 20 years in prison.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Eminem's never been one to bite his tongue especially when it comes to political figures and in his latest version of the Kehlani assisted “Nowhere Fast” takes on the NRA, GOP, and gun owners who “love their guns more than our children.”
What kind of response this will receive from far-right gun loving conservatives is anyone's guess but if they didn't respond to this when Em and Kehlani debuted it during the iHeartRadio Music Awards last week, maybe they won't care now.
Check out the cut below and let us know your thoughts on the verse.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Golf has something of a Royal Wedding on the way, apparently.
Rory McIlroy, who has been engaged to former PGA of America employee Erica Stoll since December 2015, will get married in Ireland's famed Ashford Castle on April 22nd, according to the Belfast Telegraph:
A phone call to the exclusive luxury hotel yesterday about the possibility of booking a room for the weekend after next was greeted with a polite reply: “Sorry but we are fully booked.” There was no confirmation from the reservations clerk, however, that the Castle had been rented out by Rory and Erica, who are regular visitors to Ashford. They've spent two New Year's Eves in the five-star hotel, where they enjoyed candlelit dinners and champagne as the clock counted down.
Some pictures of the five-star resort:
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18Kgn
— A North Carolina Central University graduate was among the people injured in Wednesday's shooting at a park in Alexandria, Virginia.
David Bailey, 32, was one of the U.S. Capitol Police officers who was injured at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park at about 7 a.m. The shooting happened during a congressional baseball practice.
Our thoughts & prayers are w/ all impacted by today's VA attack. We're very proud of our hero, @CapitolPolice & NCCU Alum David J. Bailey. — N.C. Central Univ. (@NCCU) June 14, 2017
Bailey had been a member of the department for nine years, according to a LinkedIn account under his name. He graduated from NCCU in 2007.
Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said during a news conference that the officers wounded are in good condition and had injuries not considered life-threatening. The nature of their injuries was not immediately clear.
In total, five people were injured including Rep. Steve Scalise, a top House Republican.
The assailant has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson.
FILE - In this Wednesday, May 3, 2017, file photo, Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhino, is photographed at the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Laikipia county in Kenya. Researchers say Sudan has died after "age-related complications." A statement from the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in Kenya says the 45-year-old rhino was euthanized Monday, March 19, 2018, after his condition "worsened significantly" and he was no longer able to stand. File AP Photo
A perplexingly odd number of students suspended by a university in Uganda over love affairs. A victory for striking nurses in Zimbabwe. And a big hand for Egypt's Abdel Fatah al-Sisi.
An Islamic University in Uganda has suspended 23 students for "engaging in love affairs".
The story gets a mention in the Kampala-based Daily Monitor and is top of the front page in this morning's regional paper the East African.
The Monitor says 23 students at the Mbale campus have been suspended on allegations of engaging in sexual relationships contrary to the university regulations. Male and female students are separated during lectures at the university, which is run according to sharia law.
Each suspension will last for one year.
My question concerns the odd person out - 23 people caught hugging and kissing in dark corners of the campus means that either one got away, or the morality inspectors missed out on a threesome. I'll bet the sharia punishment for that is spectacular.
Remembering Mandela
Former US president Barack Obama will deliver the annual Nelson Mandela memorial lecture in Johannesburg in July, South African organisers announced yesterday.
Obama, who met Mandela in 2005 and who made an emotional address at the South African former president's funeral, will speak at the lecture marking 100 years since the anti-apartheid hero was born.
The New York Times says that Obama will spend five days in Johannesburg holding meetings, workshops and training sessions for 200 young people in what is being billed as his most significant international project as ex-president.
In his funeral address Obama said Nelson Mandela "makes me want to be a better man", hailing him as "the last great liberator of the 20th century".
Healthy result for Zimbabwe nurses
The South African Sowetan tabloid reports that nurses in Zimbabwe have scored a major victory with the government agreeing to hire a number of their unemployed colleagues and reversing dismissal letters sent to 6‚000 others, fired after downing tools.
A fortnight ago 16‚000 nurses in government institutions went on a strike that effectively crippled the health sector‚ resulting in Vice-President Constantino Chiwenga adopting a hardline stance and deciding to dismiss them.
However‚ members of the Zimbabwe Nurses Association in smaller towns broke ranks with their Harare counterparts and began reporting back for duty by the end of last week. On Monday the government accepted all the nurses back in a return to business as usual‚ despite a pending urgent court application by nurses challenging their dismissal.
Figures from the Zimbabwe Health Services Board suggest that the country needs to hire at least 8,000 full-time nursing staff.
Egypt praised by World Bank, IMF
The World Bank has applauded President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi's efforts to tackle Egypt's economic woes. That's the top headline in today's Cairo-based Egypt Independent.
The report says the president of the World Bank, Jim Yong Kim, praised the “economic success” that he said Egypt has achieved and applauded the legislation that had contributed to improving the investment environment in the country. The statement came on the sidelines of the spring meetings of the World Bank and IMF in Washington.
During a meeting with Egypt's Minister of Investments and International Cooperation Sahar Nasr, Kim said that al-Sisi has courageously managed to overcome the challenges that have been facing Egypt's development.
Kim said that investments in infrastructure are one of the reasons for the success.
Earlier this month Nasr said that the World Bank's Executive Council had unanimously agreed to support the implementation of the comprehensive national strategy for the development of pre-university education in Egypt with funding of 550 million euros.
French visit to Eritrean camp in South Sudan
The Sudan Tribune reports that the French ambassador to Khartoum, Emmanuelle Blatmann, and the French special envoy to Sudan and South Sudan, Stéphane Gruenberg, yesterday paid a visit to Kassala to inspect Eritrean refugees camps in the state.
Kassala state, which borders Eritrea, is a transit point for illegal immigrants from Eritrea who seek to reach Europe through Egypt and Libya.
Eritreans made up the largest group of people from Africa attempting the perilous voyage to Europe last year. The trend continued during the first three months of this year according to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees.
DELAND, Fla. — Authorities have identified a couple whose bodies were found alongside a Florida highway, with their three young sons sitting safely in a nearby SUV.
The Volusia County Sheriff's Office says a Florida Highway Patrol trooper spotted the vehicle with its hazard lights blinking early Saturday along Interstate 4 near DeLand.
Sheriff's Spokesman Andrew Gant told reporters the trooper found 32-year-old Daniel Kelsey and 30-year-old Heather Kelsey unconscious outside the SUV.
Both adults were pronounced dead at the scene. Gant said three boys found alive in the SUV are the Ormond Beach couple's children.
The boys range in age from 8 months to 4 years old. Gant said they were unharmed but taken to a hospital as a precaution.
Gant said investigators didn't immediately find evidence of foul play. Autopsy results are pending.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
2:42 Trump's White House
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch her go.
2:30 Rep. Mick Mulvaney to Epipen CEO: 'You get what you deserve'
SEDGWICK COUNTY — Law enforcement authorities are investigating over a dozen suspects on sex trafficking charges.
On Thursday several Wichita police units worked together to focus on those individuals attempting to purchase sexual relations in the Broadway corridor in Wichita, according to officer Charley Davidson.
Vice Detectives, the Wichita Broadway Corridor Team, Patrol South Community Policing Officers, Patrol North and South officers participated in the investigation. They arrested 13 men attempting to buy sexual relations, according to Davidson.
Police arrested 15 in similar operation in early September.
Davidson said the message is simple, “police will continue to conduct these assignments until no one is arrested. Do not come to the Broadway corridor to engage in this type of behavior or you may end up talking with a police officer.”
Boys golf: St. Viator's Crawford connects for a 68
hello
The Rolling Green Invite has seen its share of inclement weather over the years.
A couple of years ago, as a matter of fact, severe storms chased the boys golfers off the links after only four holes had been played.
Monday was a completely different story.
It was perfect weather with partly sunny skies and there was nary a flutter of the American flag that stood high above the course.
But that didn't make it any less challenging for the competitors from 12 local schools.
"Nice weather, but still very difficult," said Fremd junior Bill Gao, who acquitted himself well by shooting an 84.
"The course was set up hard today," added Schaumburg's Nick Tudor, who fired a 78. "You couldn't really attack because you didn't want to be below the hole."
"It's not long out here (the Arlington Heights layout comes in at 6,411 yards), but it's narrow," Tudor added. "From the tee to the green here it's all about ball placement."
Glenbrook North won the team title with a 292 while St. Viator junior Timmy Crawford shot one of the best-ever tourney scores (68) to take individual medalist honors.
Crawford finishes the front nine at 33, an absolutely amazing mark considered he had a double bogey on one hole and hit the ball out of bounds on another other.
"He realistically could have had a 29," said Lions coach Jack Halpin. "That's how well he was playing."
Crawford started his round birdie-eagle, then birdied 5, 6 and 7.
"I was consistently striking the ball well today," Crawford said. "I tried to stay patient and not make any big mistakes, play steady."
After the invitational, Halpin had high praise for his junior leader.
"The best golfer we've ever had (at Viator) was Danny Stringfellow," Halpin said. "He was in the top 10 at state all four years, won in 2009 and wound up playing at Auburn University.
"Timmy is just as good as Danny and he has the same all-around ability."
Stevenson (299) finished second overall on the day, while Viator (305) was third, Glenbrook South (310) took fourth and Fremd (317) was fifth.
A 74 from Pierce Allord of Fremd (sixth-place individual medal) and a 75 from teammate Colin Robinson led to the Vikings' success.
Nolan Dohery of Viator matched Allord with a 74 and won the eighth-place medal on a tiebreaker while Stevenson's Mark Noonan excelled with 74 (fifth-place medal).
Charlie Busch and John Cantieri had 80s for Prospect. Joey Carlson was best for host Hersey with an 81.
Other outstanding rounds on the day came from Ryan Flynn of Viator (77). Alex Kim and Matt Schawel of Stevenson also carded 77s while Schaumburg's Dan Meister fired a 79.
The most courageous performance of the tournament came from Stevenson's Jackson Russell, who shook off illness to tie for the second-best round of the day (71) taking the third place medal on a tiebreaker.
"I had a bad cold for most of the week," Russell said. "I came out here to basically just keep the ball in the fairway and give it my all."
Russell's ultra-consistent round included 1 eagle and 1 birdie.
"I wasn't even able to take the team bus today," Russell said. "I had to stay an extra period due to all the AP classes I'm taking. So with everything that was going on, I'm pretty happy with a 71."
Box Inc. saw its shares tumble Wednesday as investors got more nervous about its slowing revenue growth.
Earlier, Box reported fiscal first-quarter results, with revenue and a net loss that were within Wall Street's expectations, but its outlook indicated continued slower revenue growth for the rest of the year. Box's full-year outlook called for revenue in the range of $603 million to $608 million, or growth of 20% at the high end of that range, up from fiscal 2018 revenue of $506 million.
While 20% growth is nothing to sneeze at for most companies, last year the cloud-storage company had revenue growth of 27%. Shares of Box BOX, +1.94% , which have had a big run-up in recent weeks, fell 4.6% in after-hours trading, while the S&P 500 SPX, +1.27% closed up 1.27% on Wednesday.
In a brief interview, Box Chief Executive Aaron Levie said the company has moved to a multi-product model and is adding more capabilities, including governance features, more security and artificial intelligence to its offerings. “It will show up in much more into the next fiscal year,” he said.
Read more: Box CEO on Dropbox IPO: We're like Salesforce, they're like Netflix
Some questions on the company's call with analysts were about the pace of getting new customers and whether its new products would contribute much to revenue going forward.
“By now there's a good five, six, seven [new products], not any of them are broadly adopted or priced in a way that can drive massive revenue growth, correct me if I'm wrong,” one analyst said. Box executives cited new deals that had added “many new logos,” including adding the Defense Department's DARPA as a new customer.
Levie urged patience, telling analysts that, as the company had discussed in its fiscal fourth-quarter call, over time a greater percentage of overall sales will be coming from those newer products.
But whether or not Box can get back to its higher growth rates is a big question that investors will keep asking, until they see evidence otherwise.
Project info
Using my "voice" as a photographer I strive to document life with compassion and empathy sans judgement or censorship thus preserving the integrity of the moment.
This series of photographs is part of a larger body of work called 'Get Up, Stand Up' in which I document diverse groups coming together in the name of peace and justice.
"The purpose of the art of photography is to reveal the truth."
-Jeanine Flaton-Buckley
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Esha Gupta
Esha Gupta looks like a Million dollars in this outfit! Doesn't she, folks?
Trollers At Work
She was also slut-shamed by a few people in the comments section and thankfully, Esha Gupta didn't pay attention to their nonsense.
Social Media Queen
Esha Gupta's social media following rose to an all-time high since August 2017, all thanks to her hot pictures.
So Beautiful
Esha Gupta is one among the hottest Bollywood actresses currently, peeps!
Watch Out
The way she poses for pictures shows that she's the woman to watch out for!
Not True
Esha Gupta also slammed the rumours that she had a lip job through a Instagram video.
Stay Tuned
Stay tuned for more pictures from Esha Gupta, folks!
Elite league clubs boost squads as transfer window closes
-Clubs to receive monies owed
The Guyana Football Federation (GFF) Elite league is set to resume next week Sunday (February 11) and in a bid to heighten squads, some clubs have taken full advantage of the just concluded January transfer period.
After the completion of two rounds in the league last December, newcomers Den Amstel are top of the table with two wins, slightly ahead of Victoria Kings and Fruta Conquerors that have also won both their games, on goal difference. Unlike the other clubs, the leaders Den Amstel were quick to bolster their squads early in the Transfer period with the acquisition of 17-year-old Keanu Lawrence, a wide attacking player from 2nd division West Demerara Football Association (WDFA) side, Young Achievers.
In addition, Den Amstel completed moves for, 21-year-old, central midfielder, Marvin Frank to go along with Guyana's National under-20 duo of Chris Macey (central attacking midfielder) and Jurmaine Cumerbatch (goalkeeper). However, 30-year-old Golden Jaguar, Kester Jacobs was the club's most important transfer.
Among the big moves by the Elite League clubs in the market include National Forward, Gregory “Jackie Chan” Richardson, arguably the best frontman Guyana has produced, who has been acquired by Fruta Conquerors Football Club that finished second in last season's elite league.
Former Alpha United FC captain, National midfielder Daniel Wilson has been acquired by newly promoted to the GFF League, Western Tigers FC. The Ruimveldt based club has also signed Quason McAulay, Anthony Sancho and Rafael Edwards.
Another significant acquisition is that of former Alpha United and national player, Dwight Peters. The 31-year-old forward has been snapped up by Ann's Grove Football Club.
Meanwhile, Guyana Football Club's (GFC) Nigerian duo of Benjamin Opara and Oparamateuche has completed moves to national club champions, the Guyana Defence Force football club.
According to a source out of the GFF, clubs are expected to receive monies owed before the Elite League, February 11th resumption.
Outside of the elite league, GFC, a mere second division club in the Georgetown Football Association (GFA), has made the biggest splashes in the transfer market. The club has acquired Golden Jaguar Vurlon Mills who will serve in both playing and coaching capacities.
Mills will be joined by the exciting Kelsey Benjamin that played for the Jaguars in their historic international friendly against Indonesia in Asia along with Ralph Parris who has been loaned from Trinidad and Tobago Pro-league side Morvant Caledonia.
by
Since the press conference on December 27, 2016, Jackson County has continued to receive inquiries regarding the statements made by Sheriff Corey Falls.
As you're probably aware (and tired of hearing), Phil Mickelson isn't at Erin Hills on the eve of the 2017 U.S. Open because he's attending his daughter's high school graduation on Thursday. The five-time major champ hasn't withdrawn from the tournament, however, because he's hoping for a miraculous four-plus-hour delay that could allow him to get to his 2:20 first-round tee time. And just in case that happens, his caddie, Jim "Bones" Mackay is on site scouting the course hosting a U.S. Open for the first time. At least, that's how it appears.
There are plenty of other possible explanations* for Bones being in Wisconsin this week (*not really). Here's a rundown:
-- Phil wants Bones to learn local rain dances to improve his chances of a lengthy delay.
-- Phil wants Bones to bring him back a block of Wisconsin's finest cheddar.
-- Phil wants Bones to scout the Green Bay Packers' spring OTAs, specifically to see if that young defense is going to come together quickly enough for a Super Bowl Run.
-- Phil wants Bones to get to the bottom of the Steven Avery case.
Pinterest Andrew Redington
-- Phil wants Bones to buy a lottery ticket because he has a hunch that the next Powerball jackpot is going to hit in The Badger State. Speaking of the Badgers. . .
-- Phil wants Bones to get a look at Kobe King, an incoming freshman who was named Wisconsin's Mr. Basketball last year.
-- Phil wants Bones to drop off some of his instructional DVDs to "The Greek Freak."
-- Phil wants Bones to retrieve the credit card he left at Chili's on a previous Erin Hills scouting trip.
-- One word: Cheesehead.
Regardless of the real reason (OK, so we know the real reason) for Bones being in Wisconsin, one thing's for sure. He's already earned Employee of the Month Year.
RELATED: Phil Mickelson's close calls at the U.S. Open
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
CURRENT energy cooperation between Australia and Japan is marked by their mutual strengths. Both countries take advantage of domestic energy resources, encourage energy efficiency, and are seeking to introduce energy market reforms.
Japan and Australia have developed integrated policy frameworks for both energy security and market stability, and have spurred fresh investment into international energy assets. The two nations' joint initiatives are also progressing in organisations such as the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum and the G20, which support the globalisation of clean energy technologies and enhance the capabilities of emerging Asian economies to implement best practices.
Australia and Japan are together playing a critical role in achieving global energy security and mitigating climate change with a wide range of new initiatives.
SEE ALSO: South Australia and Tesla team up again for world's largest ‘virtual power plant'
Today, China, India, and the members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) are among the most dynamic parts of the global economic system and are a rising force in international energy affairs. Their primary energy demand grew by over 70 percent in the last three decades and accounted for more than 60 percent of total global energy demand.
These countries are not only the most populous neighbours of Japan and Australia, but also middle-income nations which have already reached an energy-intensive phase of development. As their energy demand has grown, they have become a key part of global energy security and carbon emission mitigation dynamics and efforts.
This development poses a number of opportunities and risks for Australia and Japan. As a result, there are three broad areas where Canberra and Tokyo should seek greater energy cooperation.
The first area for cooperation relates to the supply of low carbon or intermediate energy resources. To cope with increased energy demand in the region, Australia and Japan aim to diversify their energy mix with the expanded use of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG). The 2011 Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan and the commitment to Paris Agreement goals by 2030 provide a strong policy imperative for Japan and its neighbours to boost LNG trade.
For its part, Australia will soon become the world's leading LNG exporter. Its annual export capacity is projected to rise from around 40 billion cubic metres in 2015 to over 100 billion cubic metres in 2030. However, other global suppliers such as Qatar will remain strong contenders for LNG market dominance.
Greater regional trade, increased short-term export potential and greater operational flexibility are leading to a convergence of gas prices at the regional level. The governments of Australia and Japan must jointly make big decisions on LNG pricing, production and distribution infrastructure and export policies.
SEE ALSO: Japan's nuclear dilemma: The search for energy security post-Fukushima
The second area for cooperation is reducing the energy intensity of the transport sector, which will be the cause of most of the global carbon emissions in future. Japan has made hydrogen a symbol of its ability to pioneer new energy carriers, and wants to build an international hydrogen supply chain that extends from production to transportation and consumption. But transporting hydrogen to Japan and other parts of Asia are challenging.
With the advent of new technologies that can refine pure streams of hydrogen from renewables and coalmines, Australia can be the forerunner as a major exporter of hydrogen energy – beyond coal and gas. Australia's government needs to consider how a portfolio of local innovations can complement Japan's vision for a global hydrogen society.
The third area of cooperation is grid connectivity. Australia and Japan should pursue joint strategies to help reduce the impact of power supply disruptions and bring stability to clean energy integration into grids. The Asia Super Grid (ASG) is a multilateral energy trade strategy aiming to integrate the grids of Japan, Korea, China, Mongolia, ASEAN countries and India. Mongolia has major ambitions to mobilise its wind and solar resources to become the ASG's energy hub and export up to 100 GW of renewable energy by 2030.
With the plunging costs of renewable energy production, Australia could become a contributor to the ASG, making it more attractive by mobilising its vast reservoir of desert solar and wind energy via a Subsea High-Voltage Direct Current. Having Australia on board will make an ASG based on 100 per cent renewable energy more attainable.
Across these three areas, Australia and Japan share much in common. The future of their energy cooperation will be characterised not only by their domestic needs and aspirations, but also by the growing energy demand of their Asian neighbours, the need to reduce the cost of supply, and the need to manage carbon emissions.
SEE ALSO: Burma govt's energy projects stalling peace efforts, groups claim
The emerging Asian countries will likely remain the main engine of economic growth and the centre of gravity for energy security in the coming decades. Cooperation between Australia and Japan therefore needs to ensure effective policy frameworks for LNG trade, support timely innovations in hydrogen infrastructure, and enhance the attractiveness of the Asia Super Grid.
China, India and Asean nations also face challenging energy policy choices. There is an imperative for the Asian countries to adjust their energy policies in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement.
In an era of changing energy demands and growing carbon constraints, Australia and Japan must work together effectively to reduce emissions in the region and enhance global energy security.
By Dr Anbumozhi Venkatachalam, Senior Economist at the Economic Research Institute for Asean and East Asia (ERIA), Indonesia. This article originally appeared on PolicyForum.net.
Microsoft Brings Intel's Spectre Fix to Windows PCs
In a fresh move to further shore up security, Microsoft is providing Intel's Spectre fix for PCs with Skylake processors running Windows 10 -- with further patches to be delivered for older generation CPUs in the future.
Of course, Intel is already pushing out Spectre (and Meltdown) patches itself, with numerous processor families seeing microcode updates released in the past few weeks; but Intel doesn't supply these directly to end users.
Rather, they're given to hardware manufacturers, who must subsequently incorporate these fixes into their firmware updates, test them, then release them to the actual consumer. In the case of some smaller manufacturers, that process could take some time, so what Microsoft is effectively doing here is offering another route to protect yourself.
If you haven't got the patch through from your hardware vendor, then you can grab it directly from Microsoft instead. The current caveat is you need to be running the latest version of Windows 10 (Fall Creators Update), in which case you can snag the first patch -- which covers 'some' Skylake devices -- from the Microsoft Update Catalog (it's update KB4090007).
Microsoft doesn't specify exactly which Skylake PCs will be able to apply the update currently, but coverage will broaden in time, and indeed the company will start to offer Intel's patches for other Core processors, too.
In a blog post, Microsoft noted: "We will offer additional microcode updates from Intel as they become available to Microsoft. We will continue to work with chipset and device makers as they offer more vulnerability mitigations."
Getting Your Fix
Following Intel's revamped Skylake fix -- which was overhauled to resolve issues that could potentially cause system instability -- the chip giant pushed out rejigged fixes for Kaby Lake and Coffee Lake CPUs, and then most recently for Broadwell and Haswell processors.
So logically we can expect coverage from Microsoft to come in the same order, going forward.
Meanwhile, Microsoft is still patching its Windows operating system against these vulnerabilities, as this is a two-pronged effort: both software and hardware need to be patched up.
And hopefully all the holes will be covered before Meltdown or Spectre exploits are let loose in the wild (which may not be too long, given that white hat security experts have already formulated a proof-of-concept exploit which was successfully used on a MacBook).
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The team organising the 2018 Birmingham Young Professional of the Year Awards has been unveiled.
The 18th annual awards recognise the city's top professional services employees across six different categories and was won this year by Michael Parker, from property consultancy Gleeds.
Organised by business networking group BPS Birmingham, the 2018 event takes place on May 24 at the ICC.
The 2018 committee will be led by chairman Sophie Carlile, who is an associate solicitor at Squire Patton Boggs, with support from from deputy chairman Kirn Dibra, a risk and control manager at Experian.
New to the committee are Kate Evans, business development manager for the West Midlands Growth Company, and Louise Bennett, marketing and communications officer for RPS Group.
Also on the committee are Mike Raven, creative director at publishing company RileyRaven, Charlie Pette, business development executive at Birmingham Hippodrome, Sarah Groves, communications executive at Gateley, and Matt Walker, PR manager with Colmore Tang Construction.
Completing the line up for 2018 are Natalie Barnes, senior associate at Irwin Mitchell, and Laura Gallagher, project quantity surveyor at RPS Group.
Ms Carlile said: "I'm thrilled to be taking the role of chairman for 2018 and to be supported by such an enthusiastic group of professionals.
"Over half of the team is new to the committee and are already bringing fresh, ambitious ideas.
"BYPY isn't just about one night, it's about the shining talent in the professional services sector that delivers above-and-beyond to make their mark and carve out successful careers here in the region.
"It's about recognising this young talent while providing an ongoing platform and support network to help progress further."
BYPY 2018 will again recognise under 35s across six categories - finance, property and construction, human resources, marketing and communications, legal and technology.
One of the six category winners will then be named overall Birmingham Young Professional of the Year for 2018 and recognise the organisation and city for the following 12 months.
There will also be an aspiring talent winner for individuals aged 16 to 24 who are in full-time education or training and an inspiring leader who has made a significant contribution to the city's business community.
Aston Business School will again offer a fully-funded executive MBA scholarship worth £20,100 after introducing the prize last year.
Image copyright Geograph/Peter Wasp
Rugby fans have been warned to arrive at the Principality Stadium early on Saturday or face missing kick-off.
Wales begin their Six Nations campaign in front of a 74,500 sell-out crowds with 100,000 people expected in the city.
A road closure will start at 10:45 GMT before the 14:15 kick-off.
Great Western Railway will be adding 11 extra mainline trains to and from Cardiff in both directions before and after the game.
Increased security checks will be in place at the stadium because the UK terror threat remains at severe.
The extra security will slow people down entering the ground so the gates of the Principality Stadium will open at 11:15.
Cardiff road closures will be in operation from 10:45 GMT
Image copyright Principality Stadium Image caption Map of road closures in Cardiff on Saturday
Welsh rugby bosses and the police want at least 30,000 supporters in the ground before 12:45 because they do not want a repeat of the queues that marred their autumn game against Australia in November, when many fans missed kick-off.
"It's not something that our rugby supporters will be used to if they didn't come to a game in the autumn," said Insp Phillip Griffiths of South Wales Police.
"We know we can get everyone in safely and securely and ensure they don't miss a minute of the game, but we need supporters to help us."
The Principality Stadium "works closely" with the Wales Extremism and Counterterrorism Unit but police have stressed there is no specific threat to Cardiff.
Getting to Cardiff
Rugby fans are "strongly advised" to leave large bags and people travelling to Cardiff are told to leave early as train companies say services "will be busy all day" although they will add extra capacity.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Six great Wales tries against Scotland
Supporters travelling to the game have been warned that the A465 Heads of the Valleys road between Gilwern and Brynmawr is shut.
The M4 motorway will also be shut westbound at the Brynglas Tunnels in Newport from 19:00 on Saturday until 10:00 on Sunday for upgrade works.
GWR are adding extra trains between Cardiff and Swansea, Port Talbot, Bristol and London.
Cardiff Buses will be diverted out of the central city bus stops and will terminate at either Churchill Way, Greyfriars Road or Tudor Street.
LSEDC Quarterly Report Highlights Efforts to Engage Local Businesses August 12, 2017
By Stephanie Edwards
Tribune Reporter
Rick McDowell, Executive Director of Lee's Summit Economic Development Council, presented the second quarterly report to members of City Council at the August 10 regular Council meeting. Now fully staffed, the LSEDC has been able to switch from reactive to proactive activities. Those proactive activities include business retention and expansion. “We are going out to talk to people, and that is a very good thing for all of us,” he said.
Among the purposes of these conversations is to identify needs for expansion and workforce growth, and barriers for growth.
Data collected from conversations with local business owners is placed in a central databank. “It is really important to know what is going on within the community,” he said. Local jobs grow when local businesses expand, he said. Monitoring local business expansion is important.
LSEDC members met with companies in target industries including advanced manufacturing, warehouse and distribution companies, healthcare, data centers and information technology firms, as well as insurance and real estate companies.
Twenty-two such visits have been made since the beginning of the year. In an effort to assist with those concerns, the LSEDC launched a web page at the end of April to help Lee's Summit companies' list openings for employment. The webpage was shared on social media by LSEDC. Currently, 34 companies have open positions listed on the page. A new billboard advertising the website was also placed on Highway 150.
Outreach on social media platforms, namely Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, has totaled 6,800 individuals reached.
In addition, LSEDC hosted a second Human Resources Roundtable meeting in which 12 attendees representing 10 local companies met and discussed a variety of topics.
Data from a Synchronist report revealed high satisfaction ratings for the Lee's Summit community among 22 businesses. McDowell told the Council that his organization heard positive comments on positive business community, local education system, proximity to the local airport, and community services.
Weaknesses were identified were the lack of a public transportation system and a lack of a technical workforce trained to operate machinery and finding individuals with mechanical aptitude.
Two people were handcuffed after Fort Myers police surrounded an apartment complex Friday morning.
It's a very active scene off of Grand Avenue and Canal Street near US-41– about two blocks east of Lee Memorial Hospital.
When we first arrived on the scene, police were yelling at an apartment asking people to get out.
- Using our app? CLICK HERE to watch video
Emergency services could be seen on the other side of the street blocking that area.
We saw two people in handcuffs as police made their way inside and spoke to several other people.
This story will be updated with new information. Count on NBC2 for more updates.
That X-Men reign just won't let up! The huge Marvel and 20th Century Fox franchise may now have the addition of Jessica Chastain, who is reportedly in talks to play villain Lilandra in X-Men: Dark Phoenix.
Empress Lilandra Neramani is known for her longtime psychic bond with Professor X (the pair were married at one point, and also uses her Shi'ar methods for hand-to-hand combat as well as telepathy. What makes X-Men: Dark Phoenix even more exciting is that it plans to reunite the cast of last May's Apocalypse: Jennifer Lawrence (Mystique), Michael Fassbender (Magneto), James McAvoy (Professor X), Nicholas Hoult (Beast), Sophie Turner (Jean Grey/Phoenix, Alexandra Shipp (Storm), Kodi Smit-McPhee (Nightcrawler) and Tye Sheridan (Cyclops).
St John Ambulance advice on how to treat a fractu
Blind Reading rapper talks about going on tour wi
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Prime Minister Theresa May has called a shock snap election which could be held in just 51 days time.
The Maidenhead MP made the announcement on Tuesday, April 18, saying Parliament will vote tomorrow to officially hold the election on Thursday, June 8.
In a speech outside 10 Downing Street, she told the country she was “reluctantly” calling the vote, saying: “The country is coming together, but Westminster is not” in a shot at opposition over leaving the EU from the Labour, Liberal Democrat and SNP parties.
She added: “So we need a general election and we need one now. We have at this moment a one off chance to get this done.”
What this means is that MPs Rob Wilson (Reading East), Alok Sharma (Reading West), Dr Phillip Lee (Bracknell), John Redwood (Wokingham) and Mrs May herself will all be seeking to be re-elected just over two years since the last election in 2015.
Her opposite number, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, welcomed the move.
He said: "I welcome the Prime Minister's decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a Government that will put the interests of the majority first.
"Labour will be offering the country an effective alternative to a Government that has failed to rebuild the economy, delivered falling living standards and damaging cuts to our schools and NHS.
"In the last couple of weeks, Labour has set out policies that offer a clear and credible choice for the country.
"We look forward to showing how Labour will stand up for the people of Britain."
In response, the Lib Dems have maintained their anti-Brexit stance, with leader Tim Farron saying: “This election is your chance to change the direction of our country.
“If you want to avoid a disastrous hard Brexit.
“If you want to keep Britain in the Single Market.
“If you want a Britain that is open, tolerant and united, this is your chance.
“Only the Liberal Democrats can prevent a Conservative majority.”
Green Party co-leader Caroline Lucas added: "Britain is at a crossroads – and today's announcement means that people are rightly given a say over the direction this country is going to take.
“Only the Green Party offers a bold, positive vision for a different kind of Britain.
“At this election we will stand for an economy that works for everyone, not just the privileged few; a Britain that's open to the world and the protection of our precious environment.
“We will stand up to the politics of hatred and division that is scarring our communities and give people across the country a chance to vote for a better Britain.”
(CNN) — Michael Cohen dropped the reference “personal attorney to President Donald J. Trump” from his Twitter biography on Wednesday, days after he spoke to ABC News about his legal situation.
The change on Twitter was not immediately accompanied by a change on his LinkedIn page, where he is described as “Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump,” and his Twitter account still includes a hyperlink to his LinkedIn page.
Cohen's longtime relationship with Trump has taken on increased importance since the FBI raided him in early April and prosecutors disclosed he had been under criminal investigation for months.
Cohen has admitted to facilitating a hush payment to the porn star Stormy Daniels to keep her silent about her claims of a decade-old affair with Trump, and the President's attorney Rudy Giuliani said in May that Trump had reimbursed Cohen. CNN reported later in May that following Trump's election victory, Cohen pitched himself to major companies as a point man for access to Trump.
Cohen has famously said he would take a bullet for Trump and he has fashioned himself as Trump's “fixer,” willing to help handle situations quietly. But the ABC interview raised new questions about his allegiance to Trump amid his legal troubles and subsequent isolation from the President's inner circle.
CNN previously reported that Cohen has signaled to friends he is “willing to give” information on Trump to prosecutors, and the lawyer told ABC News in the interview published Monday that he puts his “family and country” before his loyalty to Trump.
He likewise broke with Trump's criticism of federal investigators.
“I don't agree with those who demonize or vilify the FBI. I respect the FBI as an institution, as well as their agents,” Cohen said. “When they searched my hotel room and my home, it was obviously upsetting to me and my family. Nonetheless, the agents were respectful, courteous and professional. I thanked them for their service and as they left, we shook hands.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Toronto will finish May without consecutive wins.
"We'll look forward to a day off tomorrow," manager John Gibbons said. "We could use it."
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) gave up two runs and three hits in 6 2/3 innings with seven strikeouts and one walk. Boston is 10-1 in his starts.
Craig Kimbrel allowed two inherited runners to score on Kendrys Morales' double, then got three straight outs for his 18th save in 20 chances.
Making his third start since his May 11 recall from Triple-A, Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings.
Boston opened a 2-0 lead on Bradley's RBI double in the third and Nunez's fifth-inning homer off a tabletop above the Green Monster in left.
Hernandez's homer tied the score in the sixth.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Blue Jays: 3B Josh Donaldson missed his second consecutive game with right calf soreness.
Red Sox: OF Mookie Betts missed his fourth straight because of tightness in his left side that flared up during BP Sunday. "If he's OK, most likely he'll be in the lineup tomorrow," manager Alex Cora said ... 2B Dustin Pedroia also had the day off.
TWO REVERSALS
The Blue Jays challenged two safe calls with the same batter up in the third: one at second on a steal attempt, the other at the home with a runner looking to score when a pitch bounced away. Both were overturned.
FOND MEMORIES
Cora is excited to get his World Series ring before Thursday's series opener in Houston.
"It was an amazing ride," he said.
He plans to bring a jersey he wore last season as the team's bench coach, have it signed by the Astros and hang it "probably at home."
HARD SHOT
Plate umpire Jerry Layne was dazed by a foul ball off his chest but stayed in the game. Boston catcher Christian Vazquez held up Layne when the umpire was wobbly.
UP NEXT
Blue Jays: LHP Jaime Garcia (2-3, 5.52 ERA) is scheduled to start Friday's series opener at Detroit.
Red Sox: LHP Drew Pomeranz (1-2, 6.75) is to be on the mound Thursday for the opener of a four-game series against Houston. He's 0-1 with a 9.53 ERA in his last three starts and hasn't gone past four innings.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Ken Powtak, The Associated Press
/ Front page / News
THE Ministry of Fisheries was not aware of plans by the Fiji Navy to detonate what was assumed to be World War II explosives found in waters off the coast of Dawasamu in Tailevu.
Responding to questions from this newspaper, the Director of Fisheries, George Madden, said they were not aware of the plans nor were any consultations done with them.
Chief of Navy Captain (N) Humphrey Tawake said on Thursday last week that damage to the environment may occur.
However, he assured people that the damage would be minimal.
When contacted for a comment last week, Capt Tawake told this newspaper to "do its research on the distance of the Vatu-i-Ra Passage from the area where the detonations would take place" before calling him for a comment.
Capt Tawake neither responded to further phone calls from this newspaper nor to messages sent to his mobile phone requesting for comments.
Fishermen in the area who spoke to this newspaper on condition of anonymity said the Vatu-i-Ra passage lay approximately eight kilometres adjacent to the site where the chests were.
Waters in which the chests lay and along the Tailevu coast extending to Rakiraki are marked by Wildlife Conservation Society as the Vatu-i-Ra Seascape.
The Government had made a commitment at the United Nations World Ocean Conference (UNWOC) in New York, US last week to gazette two large Marine Managed Areas (MMAs) within Fiji's Vatu-i-Ra Seascape — a highly diverse and productive area vital to both people and wildlife alike.
Trump: Tax reform getting closer
Miami, Dec 10 (EFE).- President Donald Trump said Sunday that the tax reform Congress is working on is getting closer and closer and that its final result will be “special.”
In a pair of Twitter messages on Sunday morning, both dealing with economic issues, the president said that the joint – and reconciled – version of the bill that both chambers of Congress are working on will be “even better” than had been hoped.
“Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill. Shaping up even better than projected. House and Senate working very hard and smart. End result will be not only important, but SPECIAL!” tweeted Trump, who is spending Sunday at his exclusive Mar-a-Lago country club and resort in South Florida.
The Senate on Dec. 2 approved the tax reform proposed by the Trump administration, the next-to-last step in ensuring its definitive approval, with the remaining step being to reconcile the House and Senate versions into a joint bill that the president can sign.
In another Twitter message, Trump emphasized the historic gains on Wall Street during its Friday session, which came on the heels of the positive employment figures from November, and he criticized the media for devoting little attention to that news.
“Things are going really well for our economy, a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing! Stock Market hit another RECORD HIGH, unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the USA. Really good news, and much more to come!” wrote the president.
On the weekend, Trump traveled to Mississippi to participate in the inauguration of the Civil Rights Museum, thus foregoing his habitual Saturday round of golf at one of the golf courses he owns, but on Sunday he resumed his traditional leisure activity at the Trump International Golf Club amid unusually low temperatures in South Florida of some 10 C (50 F).
Lessons learned in the oil and gas industry can be used in the renewables sector to help with the development of the offshore wind industry, according to GE Renewable Energy chief executive Jerome Pecresse.
"Sharing of technology and best practices between the two industries; especially as more renewables move offshore and into more challenging environments, is where the oil and gas companies' expertise and capabilities can be harnessed," he said.
Related Stories GE musters Merkur troops
30 Jan 2018
Hornsea 1 plants first root
26 Jan 2018 Sharing knowledge between the oil and gas and renewables sectors will help to "shorten the development span for new concepts", the CEO said.
The oil and gas industry has also developed expertise on compliance and safety standards on product design, manufacturing and installation that could be transferred to offshore wind.
Using good practices from the oil and gas industry can also help better inform stakeholder engagement and community relations, and "consequently facilitate accelerated business development" .
Pecresse also predicted that renewable energy is set to become the baseload power source in the next 10 to 20 years,
He said clean power is already "mainstream" and is likely to provide between 50% and 66% of new energy coming online in the future.
Innovation, hybrid technology and auction-based systems are helping to drive growth, as well as corporate demand for electricity from 100% renewable sources, he said.
Image: reNEWS
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health (DOH) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset...
In honor of former Pittsburgh columnist Myron Cope, we clean off the desk with our first “shirt-pocket notes,” sharing news, comments and perspective from the early weeks of summer 2017.
NEMPA's recent Ragtop Ramble, the annual sortie by New England's auto scribes, media members, as well as the industry's public relations staffers, produced a stellar collection of new products to blister around the six-state region's backroads.
Premium rides included an Aston Martin DB11 — delivered by none other than Maine native and Popular Mechanics and Car & Driver auto editor Ezra Dyer — a brilliant blue Acura NSX hybrid supercar, the latest Porsche Carrera Targa/4 with its complex folding top, a stunningly handsome Lexus LC500, plus a fire-engine red BMW 4-series cabriolet. Also attending were the usual suspects from Mazda, Nissan, Jaguar, Ford (two Mustangs) plus a Beetle convertible and a rather outsized collection of crossovers/SUVs, including Land Rover's take on the sporty ragtop in the new Range Rover convertible.
Absent was GM. Not a single vehicle from General Motors was in attendance. No Camaros, no Corvettes, no Cadillac CTS-Vs/ATS-Vs — not a single vehicle that would represent America's largest-selling car company. There's something very wrong with that scenario.
Drawing keys from a hat, my sports car turned out to be the Alfa Romeo Stelvio — the newest vehicle on sale in the States, with a grand total of 13 sold so far since its early July arrival. A luxury/sporty crossover in the same mode (and size) as Jaguar's very popular F-Pace, the Stelvio is supposed to help resurrect the brand in America. While a very nice five-passenger crossover, with a polished interior and surprising power from the turbocharged 2.0-liter engine, the Stelvio will need all of FCA/Chrysler's marketing muscle to make significant inroads in most major markets.
Key grab number two led to the BMW 4-series convertible for the second leg of the march into Maine. Equipped with the over-boosted output of the 3.0-liter six-cylinder engine, the 4-series can break the rear tires loose with little provocation at low speeds, a characteristic that seems unholy in this too-serene sporty car. BMW has done such a fine job filing the rough edges off of its performance cars that they are actually becoming all too easy to drive — almost sterile comes to mind. Consumer disdain for BMW drivers is partially warranted; these cars drive so well that all too many pilots take risks and execute maneuvers that they never should, could or would in another vehicle.
GM's Chevy Bolt will soon be available in practically every state, as production ramps up on this groundbreaking all-electric every-man's car. The Bolt promises almost 240 miles of electric vehicle operation before charging is necessary — the most of any car available that costs around $35,000.
That is until Tesla's latest Model 3 debuts about the time you read this. The Model 3 is also targeting the $35,000 entry price, however, Tesla targets lots of production goals that are never met, so forgive the trepidation about this fledgling automaker's ability to meet sales goals, the stated price point, or any other quantitative statements relating to automotive production. But hey, the stock price — after a huge beating in July — is still higher than Elon Musk's imagination, so a lot of someone's have placed their faith in success.
At GM, we may not know about how good, or not, the Bolt is because they don't share any cars for us to drive.
And just as we thought that diesel-gate would kill VW, it rolls out an all-new Tiguan that is now a midsized crossover that looks pretty darn good, plus a new full-size Atlas crossover that looks remarkably similar. Initial sales indicate that the two crossovers are making VW fans forget (at least for a minute) about their depreciated diesel wagons and sedans.
And for all of you tourists who are visiting Downeast Maine and enjoying our fresh air, glorious coastal scenery and relatively traffic-free roads (compared to Boston, New York, Hartford and Philadelphia) all of that long-distance driving surely made you all lust for the autonomous car. You know, the robotic, self-driving car that loads the luggage, entertains the kids, walks the dog at rest areas, packs the snacks, and finds the last hotel room when you arrive at 9:10 on a Sunday night and find that all of the local sidewalks roll up at 8 p.m. sharp. Yeah, that car.
Ain't gonna happen for a while. But the industry is working on it — very hard. Many automotive parts suppliers are so rapidly shifting their R&D departments to supplying autonomous driving hardware, software and legal recourse staff, that the parts that they make now are probably going to start failing from premature obsolescence, they are so distracted. Like too many drivers.
The sensitive metals required for batteries and computer chips will consume vast sums of the earth as the battle for these strategic metals will shift economies more swiftly than oil. Once the “greens” realize how destructive this capitalism will become, we will only travel by artificial intelligence, which is how half the population thinks of the other half now, so it will be a real treat seeing how we visit Acadia and Maine in the future.
Probably won't be in Aston Martins or BMWs, unfortunately.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
MARTINEZ — Contra Costa County prosecutors Tuesday filed nine felony charges — including human trafficking, rape and kidnapping — against an Oakland man accused of forcing a teen girl into the sex trade and giving her drugs.
Jerome Monroe, 26, was charged with human trafficking of a minor, pimping, forcible rape, furnishing drugs on a minor, kidnapping, criminal threats and additional sexual assault charges. He was arrested Thursday after a Pittsburg police investigation, authorities said.
“Human trafficking is a very real and serious issue in Contra Costa County and the Pittsburg Police Department will do what it takes to combat it,” Pittsburg police Capt. Steve Albanese said in a written statement. “The department continues to work with allied agencies and community resources to assist victims and bring those responsible to justice.”
Monroe was arrested Thursday after police received information that the alleged victim, a teen girl referred to only as “Jane Doe” in court records, was being forced to prostitute. Investigators interviewed the girl, who told them Monroe had used “manipulation and intimidation” to traffic her around the Bay Area, police said.
Later that day, officers located Monroe — driving a car the girl had described — and took him into custody, police said. He remains in Contra Costa County jail in lieu of $875,000 bail.
In legal terms, human trafficking generally refers to the act of forcing an adult to sell sex, or soliciting a minor to prostitute, even if he or she agrees to it. In 2012, California voters passed Proposition 35, which increased the penalties for human trafficking convictions, and opened the possibility of life sentences in certain circumstances. Pimping, by contrast, refers to the act of prostituting an adult who agrees to it.
Over the past year, the county has seen numerous human trafficking busts, including a nationwide ring based in Danville and a Bay Point-based operation led by a man who had a sex worker scalped during an argument about a debt.
“Trafficking is a real issue in our county,” deputy District Attorney Jay Melaas said in a written statement. “We must continue to look out for the signs of those suffering under forced labor or sex and the public should report suspicious behavior to authorities.”
Pittsburg police say anyone with information about suspected human trafficking can call their tip line at 925-252-4040 or dispatch at 925-646-2441.
"Unilateral responses and threats over trade war will solve nothing of the serious imbalances in the world trade. Nothing," French President Emmanuel Macron said in an impassioned speech at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development in Paris.
In a clear reference to Trump, Macron added: "These solutions might bring symbolic satisfaction in the short term. ... One can think about making voters happy by saying, 'I have a victory, I'll change the rules, you'll see.'"
But Macron said those "who waged bilateral trade wars ... saw an increase in prices and an increase in unemployment."
Tariffs on steel imports to the U.S. can help local producers of the metal by making foreign products more expensive. But they can also increase costs more broadly for U.S. manufacturers who cannot source all their steel locally and need to import the raw material. That hurts the companies and can lead to more expensive consumer prices, economists say.
Ross criticized the EU for its tough negotiating position.
"There can be negotiations with or without tariffs in place. There are plenty of tariffs the EU has on us. It's not that we can't talk just because there are tariffs," he said. He noted that "China has not used that as an excuse not to negotiate."
But German Economy Minister Peter Altmaier insisted the Europeans were being "constructive" and were ready to negotiate special trade arrangements, notably for liquefied natural gas and industrial goods, including cars.
Macron also proposed to start negotiations between the U.S., the EU, China and Japan to reshape the World Trade Organization to better regulate trade. Discussions could then be expanded to include other countries to agree on changes by the end of the year.
Ross expressed concern that the Geneva-based World Trade Organization and other organizations are too rigid and slow to adapt to changes in global business.
"We would operate within (multilateral) frameworks if we were convinced that people would move quickly," he said.
Ross and Lighthizer seemed like the odd men out at this week's gathering at the OECD, an international economic agency that includes the U.S. as a prominent member.
The agency issued a report Wednesday saying "the threat of trade restrictions has begun to adversely affect confidence" and tariffs "would negatively influence investment and jobs."
___
Charlton and Corbet reported from Paris. Masha Macpherson and Oleg Cetinic in Paris and Paul Wiseman and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report.
By Ken Thomas, Sylvie Corbet And Angela Charlton, The Associated Press
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump has come under fire for not explicitly denouncing white supremacists in the aftermath of violent clashes in Virginia, with the president being urged to take a public stand against groups that espouse racism and hate.
Mr Trump, while on a working holiday at his New Jersey golf club, addressed the nation on Saturday soon after a car ploughed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters in Charlottesville, where neo-Nazis and white nationalists had assembled for a march.
The president did not single out any group, instead blaming "many sides" for the violence.
"Hate and the division must stop, and must stop right now," he said. "We have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and... true affection for each other."
He condemned "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides".
He added: "It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time."
On Sunday, the White House issued a statement seeking to expand on the president's remarks. It said: "The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.
"He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
During his address on Saturday, Mr Trump did not answer questions from reporters about whether he rejects the support of white nationalists or whether he believes the car crash was an example of domestic terrorism.
Aides who appeared on the Sunday news shows said the White House does believe those things, but many fellow Republicans have demanded Mr Trump personally denounces the white supremacists.
Senator Cory Gardner tweeted: "Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism."
Senator Marco Rubio added: "Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists. It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be."
Republican Chris Christie, a staunch Trump supporter, wrote: "We reject the racism and violence of white nationalists like the ones acting out in Charlottesville. Everyone in leadership must speak out."
On the Democrat side, Senate minority leader Charles Schumer said: "Of course we condemn ALL that hate stands for. Until @POTUS specifically condemns alt-right action in Charlottesville, he hasn't done his job."
Democrat Governor Terry McAuliffe, who spoke to Mr Trump in the hours after the clashes, said he twice "said to him we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric", and he urged the president to "come out stronger" against the actions of white supremacists.
Mr Trump's national security adviser HR McMaster said on Sunday that he considered the attack in Charlottesville to be terrorism:
"I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism," he told ABC's This Week.
"It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans."
The president's homeland security adviser Tom Bossert defended the president's statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent too.
When pressed, he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide Ivanka Trump tweeted on Sunday morning: "There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis."
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal general Robert E Lee.
Counter-protesters massed in opposition. A few hours after violent encounters between the two groups, a car drove into a crowd of people peacefully protesting against the rally, and the driver was later taken into custody.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations, and Mr Duke told reporters the white nationalists were working to "fulfil the promises of Donald Trump".
With currently over 100 million people suffering from allergic rhinitis and 70 million from asthma in Europe, it is crucial, particularly during the peak pollen season of May and June, which is also prone to ozone and fine particle episodes, to warn respiratory disease sufferers in time to enable them to take measures such as preventive medication and evasive actions. Today, around one in four people in Europe is severely affected by hay fever symptoms, and this could increase greatly in the coming years as the combination of higher temperatures, high levels of carbon dioxide and other air pollutants will not only induce higher production of pollen, but will also interact with them, making some pollen more aggressive towards allergy sensitive people.
With a daily production of near-real-time European air quality analyses and forecasts, The Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) is a key partner for the developers of a new generation of innovative apps designed to alert and inform users about air pollutants and pollen. By sending accurate, timely and personalized information to their mobile phones, these new dedicated apps will allow users to take the necessary preventive actions.
The Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) currently provides four-day forecasts for the most common types of pollen in northern and southern Europe (birch, olive and grass pollen), thus allowing allergy sufferers to be warned in time to protect themselves by taking action and, if necessary, preventative medication. CAMS also plans to add ragweed pollen to its portfolio of forecasting products for the start of the season later this year (August to November) to warn European allergy sufferers of this invasive species.
Plume Labs Air Report - a successful app prompting users to adapt their behavior to pollution levels
Air report by Plume Labs (Copyright Plum Labs)
At the end of last year, the Plume Air Report app was downloaded close to a half million times, and the company developers continued to improve the services offered on mobile phones and online, adding new languages and functionality to make the reports accessible to as many people as possible. The Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) helped to expand the coverage to every city in the world by providing global air quality pollutants monitoring.
Plume Labs enables individuals to lower their exposure to pollution through making small changes to their daily routine based on air quality forecasts and analyses of pollutants. Depending on the current air quality reading in your city, the Plume Air Report provides some dos and don'ts represented by the icons at the bottom of the main screen. The app lists 4 main activities: going for a run, riding your bike, heading outdoors if you have sensitivities, and dining outside. According to a survey, 73% of Air Report users said it has helped them make changes to avoid smog spikes in their city.
airTEXT UK & Latvia - a multi-channel service directly alerting the population of various air quality indicators
First launched for the Greater London area, this free air quality forecasting service was extended to the South East of England and more recently to Riga, the capital city of Latvia. airTEXT is a free and independent public service that provides 3-day air quality alerts twice daily and forecasts by SMS text message, e-mail, voice message, or directly on your mobile device if you download the app. Through the collaboration between the Estonian, Latvian & Lithuanian Environmental companies (ELLE), the British company Cambridge Environmental Research Consultants (CERC), using their urban air quality dispersion modelling system and the data feed from the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS), enabled the creation of air quality maps with street-level resolution. Those forecasts include air pollutants such as Nitrogen dioxide (NO2), Particulates or Particulate Matter (PM10), (PM2.5) and Ozone (O3). Alongside those air quality indicators, ultraviolet (UV) radiation is also forecasted by CAMS, as well as birch and grass pollen.
Météo Pollen - with this new app, allergic people in France can now anticipate pollen spikes around them
Riga airTEXT maps show forecasts of expected air quality over the next three days
Météo Pollen is a new app developed in April 2018 by Weather Force, a start-up in Toulouse, in partnership with the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS). With this free app, French people's mobile phones will give them access to pollen forecasts, city by city and over the next three days.
CERC's airTEXT online for London (Copyright CERC)
Thanks to the CAMS data feed, they will not only have access to the pollen concentration levels but also to the air quality index which can impact people sensitive to allergies. This very easy-to-use application provides forecasts for birch, grass and olive pollen, and dedicated tabs give access to complementary information about pollen and specific advice developed in collaboration with an allergist from the French pollen survey network RNSA. With more than 10,000 downloads just one month after its launch, this new app proves its usefulness for allergy sufferers and is complementary to the actual observations of pollen that are disseminated by the RNSA.
DiscovAir – an app aiming to keep residents and visitors in Greece and Cyprus healthy
Météo Pollen (Copyright Météo Pollen)
DiscovAir is powered by the Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) data including, besides weather aspects (e.g. temperature and humidity), environmental parameters such as pollutants, UV radiation and pollen, which can have a strong impact on the comfort and health of citizens. These parameters can also influence the choices of the tourists when travelling. In combination with personal health information, DiscovAir recommends an optimal time to visit any given location, based on its air quality, UV index, pollen, and temperature. The App is currently being evaluated by beta-testers and will soon be released to the public.
PASYFO: from pollen monitoring to allergy symptoms forecasts
Informing and forecasting the concentrations of main allergenic pollens in the air is essential, but it is only the first step because different people respond differently to different varieties of pollen. To make a real difference, companies and organisations are striving to provide personalised forecasts to individuals.
The medical university in Vienna ran a test in which volunteers provided their day-to-day symptoms over several years. These were correlated with the day-to-day amount and type of pollen in the air. If the symptoms are provided for two years, it becomes possible to predict an individual's symptoms using a pollen forecast in the third year, as demonstrated by the scientific team of Aristotle University of Thessaloniki.
To move this technology towards practical applications, the PASYFO (Personalised Pollen Allergy Symptom Forecasting System) and application was developed in collaboration between the University of Šiaulai (Lithuania), the University of Latvia and the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Users are asked to input their eyes, nose and/or lungs allergy symptoms on a daily basis through the app's simple interface. Information is processed securely and correlated with the CAMS forecasts of pollen and of concentrations of key atmospheric pollutants. This progressively refines the profile for each user so that the individual can eventually be provided with highly reliable and tailored symptom forecasts.
Visualisation of the system in PASYFO App
PASYFO is already very successful with hundreds of patients already registered in Lithuania and Latvia. It was distinguished in particular at the recent Congress of the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI), which took place from May 26th to 30th in Munich, Germany. EAACI is Europe's largest medical association in the field of allergy and clinical immunology, and its annual Congress offers a unique opportunity to learn about the latest discoveries. With healthcare professionals and key opinion leaders joining from around the world, this meeting offers an excellent platform for knowledge exchange, learning and networking. It was said that PASYFO effectively paves the way to the future of "personalised medicine".
For more related information, go to CAMS website:
https://atmosphere.copernicus.eu/news-and-media/news/cams-helping-allergy-sufferers
https://atmosphere.copernicus.eu/news-and-media/news/pasyfo-distinguished-eaaci-congress-2018
Still getting your Christmas shopping done? Don't worry! Some of this years the hottest toys for boys and girls of all ages are still available. Luckily, a lot of them are also on sale for steep discounts right now, so it could actually be to your advantage that you waited until the last minute to shop. With fast and free shipping on Amazon Prime items, you still have time to get all of your gifts this week without even having to leave the house. In this list I have gathered the best deals on toys that ship in time for Christmas. Everything you see here will arrive by the end of this week with Prime shipping – But make sure to order soon, because Friday the 22nd is the very last day that you can order with guaranteed delivery before Christmas. If you wait until the 22nd you will have to pay fr one day shipping, so it is a good idea to go ahead and order today while these deals last. All of the toys in this article are discounted at 45% or more, and they are some of the most popular toys for boys and girls of all ages in 2017.
To see more gift guides for everyone on your Christmas list, click here for all of our thoughtfully curated gift guides.
1. Yeti in My Spaghetti
This silly and fun game won the TOTY Game of the Year award for 2017. This game is easy to play for younger kids, but fun and challenging for older kids as well. You spread the spaghetti over the bowl, put the yeti on top and try to remove the spaghetti without letting the yeti fall into the bowl. This game is like pick up sticks with a twist, and kids love it!
Price: $9.49 (47 percent off MSRP)
2. Scientific Explorer Magic Science for Wizards Only Kit
Magic and science are one and the same to children, and this science kit is perfet for all children. Kids are full of wonder and amazement, and with this kit they can create “magical” color changing potions “for Wizards only.” This kit also teaches the science behind the magic, using kids' natural creativity and curiosity to teach them educational lessons they will remember their whole lives.
Price: $10.49 (56 percent off MSRP)
3. Play-Doh Fun Factory Set
Play Doh is one of the most popular toys, and has been for decades. Little kids and big kids alike love to flex their creative muscles by sculpting and squishing this colorful dough. The Play Doh Fun Factory features a simple machine that kids can use to squeeze out fun shapes with the push of a lever. It also comes with two cans of play dough.
Price: $4 (60 percent off MSRP)
4. Bloxels Build Your Own Video Game
Bloxels is an awesome game for older kids who love video games. This toy allows kids to easily build their own video games using a physical block board, which they can go play inside of an app on a tablet or phone. This is STEM 10 winner from Toy Insider and is incredibly popular. The set comes with a 13″x13″ game board, 320 colored coding blocks, and access to an app.
Price: $30.69 (57 percent off MSRP)
5. Melissa & Doug Mine to Love Time to Eat Doll Accessories Feeding Set (8 pcs)
This set from Melissa & Doug is perfect for any girl who loves to play with dolls. It goes with their Mine To Love baby doll, but can be used for any other doll as well. This set contains everything needed to feed baby, including two bottles (milk and juice), two canned foods (peas and carrots, applesauce), a plate, a fork an spoon, and a bib.
Price: $13.99 (74 percent off MSRP)
6. Paw Patrol – Rocky's Recycling Truck
Paw Patrol is one of the hottest shows for kids, and any kid will love this Rocky's Recycling Truck set. This set includes Rocky himself, and his recycling truck with real working wheels and forklift.
Price: $13.75 (66 percent off MSRP)
7. Beyblade Burst Beystadium
Beyblades fans need to have a place to battle, and this Beystadium is perfect. This stadium is built for use with Beyblade Burst tops. You can even scan the code on the stadium to get access to the digital Beystadium inside of the Beyblade Burst app.
Price: $6.99 (72 percent off MSRP)
8. Jenga
Jenga is a classic, family friendly game that kids have been enjoying for generations. This stacking game challenges you to remove wood blocks from the stack without causing it to tumble over. Right now it is on sale for half off, so get in on this deal fast!
Price: $7.47 (50 percent off MSRP)
9. Play-Doh Touch Shape to Life Studio
Here is another great play set from Play Doh. This set combines the classic molding dough with modern technology to allow kids to create characters, scan them in to an app, and then make digital animations with them! This lets them bring their creations to life in a digital world for the first time ever. This set comes with a digital studio, five character stampers, five action stampers, four tools, fifteen cutters, and seven cans of Play Doh.
Price: $12.59 (55 percent off MSRP)
10. Uno Card Game
Last but not least, here is one more classic game from Mattel. Uno is a game where you match colors and numbers and it can be enjoyed by the whole family, including kids of all ages. This game never gets old, and it is great for travel or home use.
Price: $4.97 (60 percent off MSRP)
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Bavaria waits on Alaba for Real semi-final
Jupp Heynckes says Bayern Munich are waiting on the fitness of left-back David Alaba for Wednesday's crunch Champions League semi-final, first-leg, at home to Real Madrid.
Alaba, a free-kick expert, sat out Bayern's final training on Tuesday with a thigh strain, but Heynckes hopes the left-back will be fit.
Corentin Tolisso also needs to shake off a bruised shin to compete for a midfield place.
“We'll make a decision about them both early tomorrow (Wednesday) as to whether they will be in the squad,” said Bayern head coach Heynckes.
If Alaba drops out, Brazilian defender Rafinha will start.
Tolisso is expected to start on the bench, if he is fit, with Javi Martinez in the defensive midfield.
James Rodriguez and Thiago Alcantara are competing for a central midfield berth.
Heynckes says Bayern are relishing a home semi-final against a Real team bidding to lift the Champions League trophy for the third straight season.
The Bavarians main task is subduing Cristiano Ronaldo who has scored 15 Champions League games and netted in each of Real's ten European matches this season.
Real's goal-scoring superstar has hit the net 42 times in all competitions.
He scored five goals over two legs in Madrid's 6-3 aggregate win over Bayern in the 2017 quarter-finals.
“Of course, he's a big topic for us in the game analysis,” said Heynckes when asked about Ronaldo.
“But don't forget we have Robert Lewandowski, who has scored 39 goals.
“So you have to ask, how can you stop Lewandowski?”
Heynckes says there is no clear favourite for the Allianz Arena clash, but Real have won five of their last six matches against Bayern.
The Spaniards inflicted the Bavarians' heaviest European home defeat when Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos both scored twice in a 4-0 thrashing in Munich in 2014.
“The duel against Real has a great tradition,” said Heynckes who has coached both clubs to the Champions League title, Real in 1998 and Bayern in 2013.
“Of course, the semi-final offers a great stage.
“There are world-class players on both sides.”
Defender Jerome Boateng said defeats in the knock-out stages to Real in both 2017 and 2014 will play no role.
“It's not an issue for me, it may have been a bit unfair, but you should not quarrel too much with the past,” said Boateng.
Bayern failed to finish either of last year's quarter-final defeats to Real with 10 men.
Javi Martinez was sent off in the home leg, which Bayern lost 2-1, and Arturo Vidal saw red when the Germans went down 4-2 in Madrid after-extra time.
Both were for double yellow cards.
The Germany defender can expect a busy night marking Ronaldo.
“He is an unbelievable athlete, you can see that when he scores goals and pulls off his shirt,” said Boateng.
“He is a top player who has almost no weaknesses.
“Real are especially dangerous on the counter attack, especially up front. We can only stop him as a team.”
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Raw news helicopter video of the end of a police pursuit in Pacific Beach on Friday. The suspect, accused of burglary, led SDPD officers on a high-speed pursuit along southbound I-5 from Carmel Valley, tossing a bag out the window on the freeway. (Published 19 minutes ago)
A suspected burglar seen running from a home in Del Mar Friday hopped into a car and led police on a high-speed chase down Interstate 5, throwing a bag out the window on the freeway as officers zeroed in on him.
A housekeeper saw the man running from a home in Del Mar just after 10:30 a.m. and called police. Undercover and patrol units with the San Diego Police Department (SDPD) saw the suspect's car and, at around 10:40 a.m., tried to stop him on southbound I-5 near Carmel Valley.
The suspect refused to stop and led officers on a pursuit on the freeway, reaching speeds of up to 100 mph. The suspect exited at Balboa Avenue and Mission Bay Drive and stopped the car on Culver Street near Grand Avenue in Pacific Beach. There, the SDPD said he threw the car keys out of the window and surrendered to officers.
Investigators said the suspect threw a bag out the window on I-5 during the chase. Officers are recovering that bag to see what was inside – and whether it was something stolen from that home in Del Mar.
No one was hurt in the chase. The suspect's name has not yet been released.
The investigation is ongoing.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Mandarin Oriental will become the Waldorf Astoria. (Gai Phanalasy/FOX5)
The Mandarin Oriental hotel on the Las Vegas Strip will become a Waldorf Astoria this summer.
Hilton's luxury hotel brand on Wednesday announced it will operate the 392-room property in the complex that includes the Aria casino-resort, Vdara Hotel and Veer Towers.
A subsidiary of MGM Resorts International last month announced the sale of the 47-story property for about $214 million but did not reveal the buyer.
The Mandarin Oriental's management agreement was cancelled as a result of the sale.
The hotel will be known as the Waldorf Astoria Las Vegas. The property does not have a casino.
Hilton says the hotel will participate in its loyalty rewards program.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — Rep. Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, has less than a year left in office — and he seems to be spoiling for one last fight.
The Financial Services Committee chairman made clear last week that he would be seeking to make changes to a bipartisan regulatory relief package, whether financial services executives or his Senate counterparts like it or not.
The move frustrated prominent supporters of the bill and raised broader questions about when the package, passed by the Senate last week, might ultimately be signed into law. It also renewed industry concerns about Hensarling, who has previously sparred with members of his own party over key issues only to be eventually overruled by House leadership in several cases.
“Jeb is and always has been an ideologue — ideology drives Hensarling's policymaking to the point that during much of his tenure as chairman of the [committee], ideology trumped compromise,” said one senior financial services lobbyist on condition of anonymity.
The risks are high for House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling. If a deal isn't struck soon, there will "be a lot of pressure to cut him out of a final deal and where he could get rolled," said one analyst. Bloomberg News
The lobbyist called the chairman's current strategy “a continuation of Hensarling's ideological approach to policymaking with a hint of pride mixed [in], given that the clock is ticking down on his time in Congress.”
A second senior financial services lobbyist concurred, warning that Hensarling will be blamed if the bill now fails.
“This is typical Jeb Hensarling — letting the perfect be the enemy of the good,” the lobbyist said. “Surely Chairman Hensarling does not want his legacy to be defeating a bill that improves Dodd-Frank for banks back in Texas.”
For his part, Hensarling has insisted that his approach has the backing of House Speaker Paul Ryan, who reportedly agreed not to move the Senate bill until lawmakers in that chamber negotiate with the House, either formally or informally. Hensarling is seeking to add more than two dozen changes to the Senate bill, some of which have bipartisan backing, but moderate Democrats who helped clear the bill in that chamber insist there's no more room for negotiation. The Senate bill would make a number of changes to the Dodd-Frank Act designed to help small and regional banks.
Industry players and analysts warned, however, that Hensarling is walking out on a limb — again. They predict that Ryan or other House Republicans could pull the rug out from underneath the Texas lawmaker, who is retiring at the end of the year, if the overall bill is in peril.
“He's been given room to negotiate, but he hasn't been given free rein,” said Edward Mills, a policy analyst at Raymond James. “If this is getting too deep into spring and early summer and his negotiations threaten the overall bill, that's where there will be a lot of pressure to cut him out of a final deal and where he could get rolled.”
House leaders have done it before.
In 2014, House leadership sidelined Hensarling in a fight over rising flood insurance costs, passing a modified version of Senate legislation designed to curtail large premium increases for some homeowners. The chairman had been critical of the National Flood Insurance Program and argued the changes would worsen the program's finances.
House leaders again bypassed the chairman a year later in a vote to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, a program Hensarling has repeatedly dismissed as “crony capitalism.” Lawmakers used what's known as a discharge petition to force a chamber vote over the objections of Hensarling and other conservative lawmakers who opposed funding the bank.
“Time and again, leadership has chosen a less aggressive, more nuanced strategy than Chairman Hensarling had hoped for,” said Isaac Boltansky, director of policy research for Compass Point Research & Trading.
Critics also noted that the Texas Republican's 2013 mortgage finance legislation, the Path Act, which called for removing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the housing system, was not brought up on the House floor after being passed out of the committee.
Still, the chairman did strike a last-minute compromise with Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., on the reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act after months of fierce debate, despite expressing earlier skepticism for the government backstop and pushing for a broader overhaul. The final deal, passed in early 2015, included some reforms to the program along with a Dodd-Frank Act modification exempting derivatives end-users from margin requirements and an unrelated insurance measure.
Privately, however, some in the industry said Hensarling lost more than he gained in the battle over TRIA and that he was once again pushed to a deal by House leadership.
But Hensarling has also considerably moderated his tone over the past year, most significantly leaving the door open for a government guarantee in housing finance reform, something he's vigorously opposed in the past.
Additionally, the chairman has shifted in recent months from pushing his Financial Choice Act, a sweeping bill designed to overhaul large portions of Dodd-Frank, to moving standalone provisions that can win bipartisan support — likely in preparation of a political moment like this one. A Hensarling spokesman did not respond to a request for comment on this story.
Some observers said that even if the chairman has not always gotten his way, his hardline tactics have impacted policy debates.
“Chairman Hensarling has often staked out principled positions that have affected the legislative outcome, even if he has not always gotten everything he wanted,” said Daniel Crowley, a partner at law firm K&L Gates.
Crowley added that the current jockeying over the regulatory relief bill is to be expected. The Financial Services Committee has circulated a list of roughly 30 bipartisan measures that lawmakers would like to see added to the Senate package.
“House leadership always has the option of taking the Senate bill to the House floor, but there is no reason for them to rush or to otherwise preclude further improvement to the Senate passed bill,” Crowley said. “Indeed, it would be highly unusual for them to preemptively accede to the Senate when the House has staked out highly bipartisan proposals that are germane.”
For Ryan and other House leaders, the issue could come down to how close the chairman is to striking a deal. Industry officials said that Republican lawmakers are eager to notch some additional wins ahead of the November elections. Political analysts say it's a tossup right now as to who will control the chamber next year.
“Leadership wants a victory and they want to support Hensarling. They are figuring out how to reconcile those two aims,” said a third senior financial services lobbyist. “While it's too early to determine how exactly leadership will land the plane, it's clear they want, and need, a victory.”
What's less clear is whether this fight was necessary for Hensarling. If he'd largely accepted the Senate bill, he could have claimed, correctly, that some House provisions were part of the other chamber's legislation. Instead, he's raised the stakes for himself and the bill, potentially making himself the fall guy if the legislation fails to pass or he gets overruled again.
The Senate package already contains a number of House-approved measures, said the third financial services lobbyist. “Their input is all over the bill. Many believe this is the final opportunity for Hensarling to get a victory for his legacy, which makes the debate over substance so puzzling.”
CBS Local — Scared of needles? Can't stand all the pinpricks from taking medication or diabetes tests? Startup company Portal Instruments has landed a major deal to bring their needle-free solution to market in a move that could change the way people take medicine forever.
The tech startup, which was created by MIT researchers in 2012, has reached a deal with Japanese pharmaceutical company Takeda to help develop the “PRIME” injector and bring it to the market. MIT says Portal will receive an undisclosed payment for their invention, with the potential to earn up to $100 million for reaching certain milestones in the product's production.
“It's an exciting opportunity to improve the lives of patients with Crohn's and ulcerative colitis,” CEO Patrick Anquetil said in a press release.
According to Portal, PRIME uses a “single-use, disposable vessel, which has a tiny nozzle at its tip” that fires a pressurized spray to penetrate the skin, instead of piercing the skin with traditional needles. “Our main driver is to think of patient comfort at the system-level … and fundamentally change how physicians and patients interact,” Anquetil added.
Takeda plans to test out the non-invasive device with their medication Entyvio; a treatment for patients battling Crohn's disease. Portal added that the startup plans to continue finding more pharmaceutical partners that will help turn PRIME into a “universal injection machine” for all types of medications.
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:31 On election night, Heidi Harmon shared her goals for SLO
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
MarketWatch rounded up 10 of its most interesting topics over the past week.
1. Pride before the fall?
With the benchmark S&P 500 Index hitting six consecutive records through Thursday, William Watts describes what could be a market melt-up, which often precedes a sharp decline in stock prices.
2. How to weather a market crash
Nigam Arora draws parallels between the current market and that which preceded the crash of 1987. Meanwhile, Jeff Reeves talks to Meb Faber about ways you can protect yourself from a major slide in stock prices.
3. Synthesizing years of retirement-planning advice
After 14 years as a columnist for MarketWatch, Robert Powell leaves with a step-by-step guide to starting your retirement plan.
4. Trump's tax plan
Mitch Tuchman spells out how good President Trump's tax-reform proposal could be for retirement savers.
5. How much companies really pay in taxes
Here's a look at effective income tax rates for companies included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.07%
And here are the small-cap and mid-cap U.S. companies with the highest income tax rates.
6. Puerto Rico's debt burden
President Trump has said the island's debt needs to be wiped out. Mark DeCambre explains why the island territory faced financial disaster even before the Hurricane Maria disaster, and what may happen next.
7. Trauma surgeon talks about the Vegas massacre
A trauma surgeon talks about the Las Vegas shooting and his own experience as a gunshot victim.
8. Shoppers, Santa Claus and artificial intelligence
Retailers are making ever greater use of artificial intelligence, and shoppers seem ready for it, reports Tonya Garcia.
9. Google's big splash
Google and its holding company, Alphabet Inc. GOOG, +0.16% GOOGL, +0.18% announced a wide array of new products this week.
10. A new stock play with massive potential for growth
The business of exporting liquid natural gas is growing rapidly in the U.S. Michael Brush explains how Carl Icahn may have inadvertently created a wonderful opportunity for investors.
Want more from MarketWatch? Check out our Personal Finance Daily or other newsletters, and get the latest news, personal finance and investing advice.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
New research identifies ways to prompt low- and moderate-income households to save more of their tax refund.
Motivational prompts to save tax refunds and suggested savings amounts for the tax refund can increase saving among low- and moderate-income households, finds a new experimental study from the Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis.
The study was part of the Refund to Savings Initiative, which uses behavioral economics to encourage tax filers to save their tax refund. The collaboration is based on the idea that tax time is an opportune moment to encourage low- and moderate-income households to save, as the tax refund is often the largest single payment these households receive all year.
The experiment involved households that filed income tax returns with an online preparer and chose to receive their refund electronically. These filers were randomized into eight treatment groups, which received different combinations of motivational savings prompts and suggested shares of the refund to save—either 25 percent or 75 percent—and a control group, which received neither prompts nor suggested savings amounts.
The study shows that treatment group members were more likely to contribute at least some of their refund to a savings account and more likely to split their tax refund. The study appears in the Journal of Consumer Affairs.
“Our study adds to the growing body of research on interventions that center on tax filing as a potential way to increase saving among low- and moderate-income households,” says lead author Michal Grinstein-Weiss, professor at the Brown School at Washington University in St. Louis, associate director of the Center for Social Development, and founding director of the Envolve Center for Health Behavior Change.
“These interventions are promising since they have relatively low costs and are scalable to a broad population,” she says.
Additionally, the study suggests that the presentation of choices—which behavioral scientists call “choice architecture”—can significantly influence outcomes.
The study found that savings anchors, which are suggestions that filers save a certain percentage of their refund, made a difference in savings behavior, unlike messages prompting filers to think about emergencies, retirement, or special purchases.
The anchors partly aimed to encourage tax filers to split their refund between a savings account and other accounts, and the size of the anchor was strongly associated with the amount placed into savings for those who split the refund.
For example, the 50 percentage-point difference in the two suggested savings anchors—25 percent and 75 percent—is associated with a 30 percentage-point difference in the actual amount of the refund contributed to a savings account, says Grinstein-Weiss. The anchors also increased savings rates and savings amounts across the tax-filing population in general.
In contrast, specific savings prompts for general, emergency, and retirement savings did not raise contributions to savings, and in some cases actually reduced contributions.
Co-authors on the study are from the Brown School; the Brookings Institution; the Pew Charitable Trusts; and Duke University. The Refund to Savings Initiative comes from the Center for Social Development at the Brown School, Duke University, and Intuit Inc., the maker of TurboTax tax preparation software.
Source: Washington University in St. Louis
The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) began investigations on the New York Times article which revealed that former President has traded the Hambantota port to obtain funds for Presidential election campaign in 2015 following a complaint lodged by Deputy Minister of Social Empowerment Ranjan Ramanayake.
The New York Times article on the Hambantota port aroused a massive outcry in social media and also in print media last week.
(Source: Daily News)
XENIA — The Greene County Board of Commissioners rejected the one bid received so far for the construction of a new fairgrounds' exposition center Feb. 1.
Greater Dayton Construction, Ltd. submitted the single bid on Jan. 25 when bids were opened. The bidder estimated a $2.1 million cost but could not guarantee a complete building by Tuesday, May 1 — a requirement set forth by the board and the Agricultural Society. The May 1 date is just weeks ahead of the next Hamvention, Friday-Sunday, May 18-20.
“The timeframe we're dealing with is just so tight,” Commissioner Bob Glaser said.
The commissioners and the Agricultural Society members entered into an agreement Dec. 19, 2017 to plan the future building's construction and operation. The 20,000-square-foot expo center is planned to be constructed in the open green space along Fairground Road. The agreement states that if the building can be built for $1.5 million or less, the contract will continue and the structure will be constructed. If it cannot be built for that amount, the contract will terminate.
According to Risk Management Director Lisa Hale, the board plans to open bids for the facility again.
Hamvention, which currently has a three-year contract with the fairgrounds, brought nearly 30,000 people to the county last year.
When the two parties initially entered into the agreement in December 2017, many officials agreed that the future building would not only benefit Hamvention, but also attract other events to the fairgrounds. Glaser voted “no,” stating that he believed it was a premature decision and he didn't want to gamble with taxpayers' money.
By Anna Bolton abolton@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
Contact Anna Bolton at 937-502-4498 or follow @annadbolton on Facebook.
Screenshot by Jack Fennimore
Destiny 2 has a lot of cool Exotics for Titans. Some seem perfect for certain subclasses or weapons and some affect the player in more subtle ways. All of them are great in their own way, but here are five of the best.
1. An Insurmountable Skullfort
What An Insurmountable Skullfort lacks in having a name that rolls of the tongue it more than makes up for with its Transfusion Matrix ability, where kills with Arc melee abilities trigger health regeneration and restore melee energy. This combines with the Striker's Reversal ability that immediately trigger health regeneration with melee kills as well as all the other skills that boost abilities with melee kills. So every time you use Frontal Assault, you'll be able to heal up a sizeable chunk of your health. For Strikers that specialize in staying healthy on the battlefield, this is a must-have.
2. Synthoceps
Synthoceps increases the range of melee attacks and improves melee damage when surrounded. Not only does it ensure that you won't be swinging at air when you hit the melee button, but it works wonders with the Sentinel subclass which has a ton of melee abilities that work well with the gauntlets. In the Trenches reduces Super cooldown while surrounded by enemies and Turn the Tide makes the Overshield ability last longer and increases melee damage and reload speed. Use this if you want to get especially up close and personal with enemies. Oh, and if you apply a shader like the New Pacific Rush one, you can make the veins on the armor piece glow.
3. Actium War Rig
The Actium War Rig steadily reloads a portion of your equipped Auto Rifle's magazine from reserves (roughly 10 rounds per second or two). While the armor piece works well with any Auto Rifle, it's essential for fans of the Sweet Business Exotic. The Auto Rifle has a magazine of 99 and a massive fire rate, and the ability of the Actium War Rig reloads the weapon as you fire making you fire the gun for much longer before having to reload. This is a chest piece for those who want to make even Arnold Schwarzenegger blush.
4. Hallowfire Heart
Loved Reinhardt's alt legendary skins from Overwatch and what them in Destiny 2 form? Look no further. The Hallowfire Heart Greatly improves the recharge rate of Solar abilities while your Super is charged. The abilities for the Sunbreaker take a long time to recharge, which is why this armor piece is so good. And with the ability Sun Warrior, you'll recharge those abilities even faster when standing in a Sunspot. The only downside is that the abilities only work when your Super is charged, but since I'm the kind of player who only uses Supers when absolutely necessary (usually towards the end of a tough boss fight) this isn't a problem at all. Don this armor and praise the sun.
5. Peacekeepers
Peacekeepers reload stowed Submachine Guns and allows you to ready them instantly. This grants all Submachine Guns an ability usually reserved only for certain weapons in addition to whatever ability they already have. It also allows you to switch in and out of the weapons ridiculously fast. These boots are perfect for Mida Multi-Tool/Mini-Tool users. You can bring out the Mida Mini-Tool for close range encounters before switching back to the Mida Multi-Tool for long range ones and back again. Don these boots and peace out.
Now these are just five of the Exotics we liked. Have you got any good Titan exotics to recommend? Let us know in the comment section below.
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Of course, you're going to want to take advantage of the chance to score a cinnamon roll for free because it doesn't get much better than ooey, gooey cinnamon-filled dough topped with a creamy frosting. Especially when you don't have to pay for it! Cinnabon is offering you the chance to score a free MiniBon at participating Cinnabon locations —and even better—they're making it super easy for you. All you have to do is register to receive emails from Cinnabon and you'll get the free MiniBon coupon. Having Cinnabon slide right into your inbox will be no problem. I mean—they'll send exclusive news and deals and even give you a treat on your birthday, so that sounds like something you'd want to be apart of, right? Absolutely! A MiniBon roll is just a smaller version of the bakery's classic Cinnamon Roll, and given the smaller portion, you definitely don't have to feel guilty about taking advantage of this deal.You can choose from the classic flavor or a caramel pecan version. Pair that with an iced coffee or a hot cocoa, and you've got yourself an excellent start to your day, all because you signed up to receive emails from Cinnabon. Don't you wish every company offered incentives like this? You can sign up to get even more deal announcements and get that free MiniBon here Also, find a Cinnabon location near you here so you can take advantage of this special promo, as soon as possible! That's not the only exciting dessert opportunity from Cinnabon, either. Back in June the company announced a new line of blended beverages that are a perfect way to cool down for summer. The Chillatta drink line includes Signature Cinnamon Roll, Strawberries & Cream, OREO Cookies & Cream, and Double Chocolate Mocha and an all-new Peaches & Cream flavor for the summer season.They've reimagined existing flavors to make them creamier and tastier than ever and also added the fruity Peaches & Cream as a special seasonal option. So, if you're looking for delicious treats (some of which you can snag for free!), you've got to head to Cinnabon.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
(CBS News) — One of the dogs that portrayed “Duke” in commercials for Bush's Baked Beans has died. Sam lived in Apopka, Florida, with his owner, Susan, their neighbor David Odom says. Odom's post about Sam's death went viral on Facebook, and now Bush's Baked Beans is responding.
“We continue to be overwhelmed by fan interest and their love of Duke. The relationship between Jay and his beloved dog Duke is the embodiment of the BUSH'S brand, and has been a part of our family story for more than 20 years,” Bush's Baked Beans wrote on Facebook on Tuesday. “During that time, we've worked closely with several dogs who portrayed Duke in our commercials, including Sam.”
The company says Sam hasn't played “Duke” in recent years, yet they are “saddened by the news of his passing and are grateful to have had him depict Duke.”
- Advertisement -
“Because Duke is iconic to BUSH'S and so adored by our fans, we will continue to use him in our ads,” the company's statement said.
David Odom wrote about Sam's death last week of Facebook. Odom shared a photo of the dog and a message about his life and passing. “Most know him as ‘Duke' the Bush's Baked Beans dog. His name is actually Sam,” Odom wrote, adding that Sam's owner, Susan, trains animals to work in commercials.
“Sadly [Susan] had to euthanize Sam yesterday due to an aggressive cancer he was suffering from,” Odom's post from June 28 reads. “She is as we are heartbroken.”
Related Article: Tennessee woman gets birthday surprise from dad 5 years after his death
Odomo shared a photo of the star pup sitting in the grass, with an American flag flying behind him. “Here is a photo from his better days. He was a very special dog to all who ever knew or had the pleasure of meeting him. He is and will be missed,” Odom wrote.
Sam's character “Duke” is known for making snarky comments to his “owner,” Jay, in the company's commercials. Duke's lips move like a human's and he is often on the verge of spilling the Bush's secret family recipe.
Social media erupted with messages for the lovable and famous dog after Bush's confirmed his death on Tuesday. Some noted that his death came less than a week before a major baked-bean-eating holiday: the Fourth of July.
Content marketing can be a powerful tool for building brand awareness, encouraging consideration of your product or service, and converting prospects into leads and customers.
All those steps on the sales journey are important, but how, exactly, do you measure the effects of your content marketing on each of them? Brand awareness can be a vague concept, for example, and conversion could have happened thanks to any number of factors.
The team at content marketing agency Brandpoint explored content measurement a few years ago, and it's back with an updated infographic and new tips for how to measure your content marketing.
When you're determining how your content makes prospects more aware of your brand, measure search ranking, Web traffic, and social engagement, the graphic suggests; for the consideration stage, you'll want to dig into your Web analytics to see pageviews, bounce rates, content downloads, and so on.
For more on how to measure awareness, consideration, and conversion—and for tips on how to improve the effect of content marketing on each of those steps of the customer journey—check out the infographic:
Video
German tennis players v Yorkshire accent.
This video has been optimised for mobile viewing on the BBC News app. The BBC News app is available from the Apple App Store for iPhone and Google Play Store for Android.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbnb's edge on room prices depends on tax advantages
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
BURLINGTON, Ont. — Police have laid charges against the father of a three-year-old Ontario boy who died after being left in a hot car last week.
Halton regional police say 37-year-old Shaun Pennell of Burlington, Ont., faces one count of criminal negligence causing death and one count of failing to provide the necessaries of life.
Police have said officers got a call on May 23 from a "hysterical'' man, indicating that a child was in a vehicle and was not breathing.
They said the boy was outside a grey Ford Escape when emergency crews arrived and paramedics pronounced him dead at the scene.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Looks like Champagne papi might be a papi after all. He's definitely got some explaining to do.
On Pusha T's Story Of Adidon, his response to Drake's ‘Duppy Freestyle', King Push reveals Sophie Brussaux is the mother of Adonis, a baby boy fathered by Drake.
Sophie, also known in the adult film world as Rosee Divine. Her Instagram, SophieKnowsBetter has since been made private but here are a few screenshots.
She even changed her bio after making her page private.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Michael Barrett, director of the Missouri public defender's office, received an odd summons late last month. A Missouri judge in a county he had never stepped foot in ordered him to be in his court on Monday to represent four defendants.
Barrett said that as the director, he is rarely assigned to cases because he runs a $40 million office with 600 employees, but he said he wasn't surprised that it happened. He said he believes the order — which also directed the court clerk to notify the office of chief disciplinary counsel — is a form of reprisal for his having loudly protested the case load and funding of Missouri's public defender's office.
"If I were to speculate, what the judge wanted to do is go ego to ego and tell me who's boss," Barrett said. "But I called his bluff and am I taking the cases."
St. Louis' Civil Court Building in 2009. Thomas Gannam / Getty Images
Because of the Sixth Amendment, Americans accused of a crime have a constitutional right to representation. But the system that supports that right has been understaffed, underfunded and overwhelmed with cases for more than 30 years, experts say, and it shows no indication of getting better.
"The Sixth Amendment is there in the Bill of Rights because it is a protection of individual liberty from the tyranny of government," said David Carroll, executive director of the Sixth Amendment Center, a Boston-based nonprofit group that analyzes public defender systems. "There is no greater tyranny than a well-resourced prosecution and law enforcement when individuals don't have a proper defense."
Related: Can an algorithm do away with America's bail system?
Over the last year, as Barrett has come to lead the Missouri indigent defense program, he has tried to draw attention to the untenable workload that the state expects his office to take up. He went so far as to appoint Gov. Jay Nixon to represent an indigent defendant last year after Nixon vetoed a bill that would have capped public defenders' caseloads.
Although the stunt briefly caught the national eye, he said, the state's number of cases has still grown from 74,000 in 2016 to 82,000 this year, and most public defenders in Missouri are expected to handle 80 to 100 cases a week.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed August 2016: Missouri public defenders face uphill battle 1:10 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
That's a pretty typical expectation across the country, according to experts on both sides of the political aisle, who say it is not a partisan issue.
"You can't get blood from a turnip," said Patrick J. Nolan, director of the Criminal Justice Reform Project at the American Conservative Union Foundation. "When the public defender has hundreds of cases assigned to them, there's no way they can put the time and the effort into what's required. It's a sham to say there was representation when it's literally an assembly line."
Nolan argues that while each state's indigent defense system has its own structure, the larger issues are a national one that goes back to the 1980s, when public defender programs became targets for state governments to make tight budgets come out in the black.
The public defender's office carries a certain notoriety, he said, because it defends people accused of crimes.
"It's an easy way to chop money, because few people will be angry," Nolan said. "In this case, it's a matter of legislators seeing that this is really a threat to our system of government of limited powers. The Constitution is supposed to protect us no matter how much you have in material assets — it's got to be a fair fight."
Related: Louisiana is shedding its reputation as U.S.'s biggest jailer
Advocates say the upside is vast and could save taxpayers millions down the road, as the trend of exonerations continues to rise. The National Registry of Exonerations reported that 2016 was a record year, with 166 people proving a wrongful conviction. Since 2011, the annual number of exonerations has more than doubled, according to the registry.
According to the Innocence Project, a New York-based nonprofit organization that seeks to identify wrongly convicted people and to overturn their convictions, the typical person who is exonerated has spent 14 years in prison, and most get some compensation for the time they've lost.
"You are going to have fewer wrongful convictions," James T. Dixon, Jr., director of the Louisiana public defender's office, said of a stronger indigent defense system. "You're probably more likely to get the right guy, because you have a more fluid, stable and progressing criminal justice system. Trials take place. It actually works the way it's supposed to."
Dixon said his office is strapped for cash largely because the Legislature has made its funding dependent on traffic tickets.
Court-appointed 'lawyer of the day' Merritt Hemingway defends a person in Cumberland County Superior Court in Portland, Maine, on May 31. Robert F. Bukaty / AP
Public defenders say the system is unfair particularly to poor people who can't afford bail or lawyers to immediately address their cases. The lack of resources means they don't have the time to build proper defenses, and they're sometimes forced to leave charged people in jail for long periods of time until they can address a particular case.
The Kansas City Star wrote an editorial in October about a 22-year-old Kansas City man who spent 13 months in jail because of the workload at the public defender's office.
"Here's what happens," said Barrett, head of the Missouri system. "Someone goes to local jail, and we go to them after two weeks. We say, 'Good news is we're going to work hard on your case; bad news it's going to be a while until we get to your case.'"
Most end up making plea deals just to get out of jail, not knowing that a conviction could follow them for the rest of their lives.
"In the meantime, these individuals lose their jobs, they lose their apartment, and a lot of them plead to crimes they don't commit," Barrett said. "It happens every day. People take it because they want to get out."
But changing that system is a slow process, because all indigent defense systems are run at the state, county or local levels. Experts say it will require a nationwide push for the change that public defenders have requested for decades, although there have been a few successes at the state level.
New York plans to replace its county-run system with a statewide public defense system by 2023. The state the project will cost $250 million.
"It's not a quick fix," said Carroll, head of the Sixth Amendment Center. Referring to the American Bar Association, he said: "It's a heavy lift to repair these systems. If you look at ABA reports going back to the 1980s, they've been calling it a crisis for 30 years now. Part of the problem is that we as a nation need to recognize that this is something deeper that needs attention."
Mitchell Burns, 89, of Mackville, husband of Dotty Shewmaker Burns, died Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017, at the Baptist Health Lexington.
Born Sept. 30, 1927, in Washington County, he was the son of the late Reco and Lillie Warner Burns.
He was a 1946 graduate of Mackville High School, was a retired procurement manager for Armour Foods/ConAgra, was a former farmer in the Cardwell Community of Washington County and was a member of the Mackville Baptist Church.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By Kelly Terez
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — Following bipartisan criticism of his response to the unrest in Charlottesville, Virginia, the president publicly condemned white supremacists and other hate groups by name for the first time since violence broke out.
“Racism is evil,” Trump said on Monday. “Those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the [Ku Klux Klan], neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.”
“As I said on Saturday, we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence. It has no place in America,” Trump added.
Trump condemned the specific hate groups two days after a rally organized by white supremacists in Charlottesville turned deadly. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a man intentionally drove into a crowd of counter-protesters and 35 more people were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., an alleged Nazi sympathizer, has been charged with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count related to leaving the scene.
But while Trump addressed the situation in Charlottesville during a briefing on Saturday, calling for “the swift restoration of law,” he failed to mention the hate groups by name, instead condemning “violence on many sides.”
Susan Bro, Heyer's mother, thanked the president for his words of “comfort and for denouncing those who promote violence and hatred” after his address on Monday.
A significant number of lawmakers criticized Trump's delay in condemning those groups.
“It shouldn't take the President of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said in a statement.
“If the President is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, he should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House,” Pelosi added.
Sen. Lindsey Graham kept his response short, tweeting, “Well done Mr. President,” following Trump's comments on Monday.
A spokesperson for Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla., said the senator “applauds the president for clearly communicating the evilness of racism and clearly calling out the KKK, neo-Nazis, and white supremacists.”
But Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., criticized Trump's initial response and delay in condemning the specific groups involved.
It's easy to tweet that hate has no place in America. — Kamala Harris (@SenKamalaHarris) August 14, 2017
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va. and the state's former governor, took on a different stance, telling MSNBC that Trump “sounded presidential” but he “wished he would have said those words on Saturday.”
“But I will give the president the benefit today. He said those words and now, we have to make sure his Department of Justice acts on those words. We fully pursue not only this one individual [James Alex Fields Jr.] … but the DOJ will also go after these hate groups across the country because they'll be back,” Warner told MSNBC.
Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., said she found it puzzling how Trump “didn't hesitate to attack” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier over his resignation but “balks at calling out avowed white supremacists” for what they stand for.
Trump has accused Frazier of focusing on “lower rip-off drug prices” on Monday, just hours after Frazier resigned from the president's American Manufacturing Council in what he described as a stand “against intolerance and extremism.”
Odd how @POTUS doesn't hesitate for a second to attack CEO of #Merck, yet balks at calling out avowed white supremacists for what they are. — Jackie Speier (@RepSpeier) August 14, 2017
Rep. Don Beyer, D-Va., criticized the president shortly after his speech on Twitter: “Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Beyer is referencing Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty of criminal contempt for refusing a state judge's order to stop targeting people he believed were undocumented immigrants during traffic patrols. The president told Fox News Sunday that he is “seriously considering” a pardon for the sheriff.
Beyer also pointed out that it took two full days of bipartisan criticism and “pleading by aides” as well as senior officials like Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and his own daughter, Ivanka, for Trump to “issue this basic condemnation.”
Donald Trump's decision to support Arpaio *during* the Charlottesville crisis, as he refused to condemn white supremacy, speaks volumes. 4/4 — Rep. Don Beyer (@RepDonBeyer) August 14, 2017
Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Illinois, said while he was pleased Trump “had finally identified this hate,” he added that such comments should have come 47 hours ago and that “words only mean so much.” Quigley added that America was “watching and waiting.”
It's never too late to do the right thing. Public denouncement should've come 47 hrs ago, but I'm pleased Trump finally identified this hate — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) August 14, 2017
Sen. Angus King, an independent from Maine, said he hoped Trump's words “would begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide.”
Racism in all forms is wrong. Let's hope the President's words begin to unite what white supremacists and bigotry in VA aimed to divide. — Senator Angus King (@SenAngusKing) August 14, 2017
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., also responded to the president's brief remarks, calling it “inexcusable” that Trump waiting so long.
“Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership,” Blumenthal said in his first tweet, adding “delay greatly dilutes the message.”
Denouncing white supremacists, KKK, & neo-Nazis should have been instinctive & instant. Trump's failure shows lack of moral leadership. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Waiting 2 days to condemn hate groups and racism is inexcusable. Delay greatly dilutes the message. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) August 14, 2017
Chair of the Democratic National Committee Tom Perez also criticized Trump's delay, writing: “History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence.”
History won't forget that when the streets of Charlottesville echoed with evil, Donald Trump responded with silence. — Tom Perez (@TomPerez) August 14, 2017
For his part, Rep. David Cicilline, D-Rhode Island, tweeted: “It shouldn't take 72 hours for the President to condemn Nazis marching in the street.”
It shouldn't take 72 hours for the President to condemn Nazis marching in the street. — David Cicilline (@davidcicilline) August 14, 2017
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
13 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android apps and live wallpapers from the last two weeks including Google Podcasts, Adobe Spark Post, and IGTV (6/10/18 - 6/23/18)
Clouds and wind move through the Atlanta area, Monday, March 19, 2018. More than 29 million people, including millions in Atlanta, face a threat of severe storms that could bring large, damaging winds and strong tornadoes to the southeastern United States, forecasters said. Alex Sanz AP Photo
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) – Right now, Whiteville's City Council members conduct business from a rented space, due to a mold infestation and foundation issues affecting their old facility.
Tonight, city leaders discussed a building proposal for a new, mold-free City Hall.
During the meeting, which was open to the public, both citizens and city leaders expressed concerns about the project's cost—an estimated $2 million.
Citizens also expressed concerns about what would happen to the old building.
Whiteville Mayor Terry Mann said that he and his fellow Council members value the input.
“I think the Council wants to do what's best for the citizens in the long term. And we have to consider the tax rate and what it would cost our citizens to rebuild or remodel,” he said.
He said that the Council has not yet made a decision and plans to discuss the matter further.
When it reaches a decision, he said, he will let WWAY—and the surrounding community—know.
Otto Frederick Warmbier (C), a University of Virginia student who was detained in North Korea since early January, is taken to North Korea's top court in Pyongyang, North Korea, in this photo released by Kyodo March 16, 2016. Pic: Reuters
NORTH KOREA said on Thursday it had released American citizen Otto Warmbier “on humanitarian grounds” after he had been held prisoner for 17 months.
Warmbier, 22, a University of Virginia student from suburban Cincinnati, was medically evacuated to the United States on Wednesday. His family said he arrived in a state of coma.
The North‘s KCNA news agency said in a one-sentence dispatch that Warmbier's release followed a court decision on Tuesday. It did not provide other details.
SEE ALSO: N.Korea frees student in coma after high-level US visit
“Under a decision by the DPRK Central Court of June 13, American citizen Otto Warmbier who was serving a sentence of labour was returned on June 13 on humanitarian grounds,” KCNA said. DPRK is short for the North‘s formal name, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
His release came after Joseph Yun, the U.S. State Department's special envoy on North Korea, traveled to Pyongyang and demanded Warmbier's release on “humanitarian grounds,” capping a flurry of secret diplomatic contacts, a U.S. official said.
Warmbier's parents, Fred and Cindy, confirmed their son was on a medevac flight.
Warmbier was detained in January 2016 and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in March last year for trying to steal an item with a propaganda slogan, according to North Korean media.
SEE ALSO: NKorea sentences US student to 15 years hard labor for trying to steal banner
Warmbier's family said they were told by North Korean officials, through contacts with American envoys, that Warmbier fell ill from botulism some time after his March 2016 trial and lapsed into a coma after taking a sleeping pill, the Washington Post reported.
The New York Times quoted a senior U.S. official as saying Washington recently received intelligence reports that Warmbier had been repeatedly beaten in custody.
Warmbier's release came as former U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman arrived in North Koreaon Tuesday, returning to the nuclear-armed country where he met leader Kim Jong-un on previous visits. Reuters
Diane Krizek found a second career in communications and journalism after spending most of her adult career as a KCPL programmer. Back when deregulation of the electric industry seemed imminent, Diane was tasked with creating marketing materials presenting Information Technology Division's cutting-edge technologies for the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Convention and Expos. That and other I.T. communications assignments led to her B.A. Communications with Journalism emphasis.
She later launched the Raytown-Brooking Eagle as its publisher, editor and reporter covering politics, business, education, person interest stories and community events.
As a global retailer of motorcycle parts today, Diane manages the marketing, customer communications and technologies of her business that has customers in 58 countries. She also blogs articles on informative subjects related to the motorcycle trade.
It's kick-off day for Indy Pizza Week, featuring ½ price pizzas around Indianapolis today through Sunday. Twenty-two restaurants and 40 locations are participating in the second year of Indy Pizza Week! Al Skaggs General Manager, BoomBozz, and Caitlin Bartnik, Account Planner, NUVO, tell us more!
To learn more, visit:
BoomBozz –
Website: www.boombozz.com
NUVO –
#IndyPizzaWeek hashtag
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Indyfoodweeks/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/IndyFoodWeeks
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/nuvoindy/
Facebook event: http://bit.ly/2sFZ9fd
www.indypizzaweek.com
Image caption Alexander Stirling was banned from driving for 32 months at Dundee Sheriff Court
A driver who killed a biker returning from birthday celebrations has been given an eight-month curfew and banned from the road for 32 months.
Alexander Stirling's BMW crashed into father-of-two Douglas Lawie's motorbike as he rode with a friend near Inverkeilor.
Mr Lawie sustained fatal injuries after he and his bike slid along the carriageway.
Stirling, 23, admitted causing death by careless driving in August last year.
Dundee Sheriff Court heard that Mr Lawie, a businessman from Rothienorman in Aberdeenshire, was returning from his 47th birthday celebration in Alloa at the time of the crash.
Depute fiscal John Adams told the court that Stirling was driving behind a line of cars on the single-carriageway road and "edged out" into the opposite carriageway.
The fiscal said Mr Lawie had no time to react to Stirling's car being on his side of the road.
Catastrophic consequences
Mr Adams said: "The deceased and the motorcycle slid along the carriageway and came to a rest further on.
"The deceased was found breathing and conscious but moaning, obviously in pain and with a broken leg."
Mr Lawie was airlifted to Dundee's Ninewells Hospital, but died shortly afterwards.
Defence counsel Ian Duguid QC said Stirling was "remorseful for his actions and the consequences".
He said: "He is a young man who is never going to forget this."
Sheriff Alastair Brown said: "This was a bad judgement made in circumstances where the consequences were catastrophic.
"A prison sentence would be justified, but you have not been in trouble before and at the guidance and accepted practices of sentencing I must consider if an alternative sentence is available.
"With a little hesitation I've decided that it does."
Girls soccer: Good signs in this setback for Round Lake
hello
Round Lake's girls soccer program found plenty of success last year, and appears the Panthers are intent on extending the good vibes this season.
Returning junior midfielder and all-sectional player Alexandria Wawrzyniak scored her fourth goal in her third game of the season Monday, but it wasn't quite enough as Round Lake fell short to host Highland Park 2-1 in nonconference play.
The Panthers (2-1) won a pair of games on Saturday in part of the Harvard invitational, shutting out host Harvard 3-0 in the opener and roaring past Rockford Auburn 7-1.
On Monday, Highland Park (1-2) earned its first win of the season after a pair of losses -- 7-0 to Warren and 2-0 against New Trier -- on Friday and Saturday.
For Round Lake, the biggest struggle was trying to deal with the gusty winds and controlling the ball on the ground.
"Today, the weather was kind of a factor, along with the turf," Wawrzyniak said. "The ball was rolling much faster. In the first half, the wind was for us and the ball was rolling faster. Then, the second half we were against the wind and it was pushing the ball back. It did make the game a lot tougher. It was tough to create and you had to play the ball perfectly to get balls through."
The Giants found a pair of goals in the first half, despite those strong winds.
Sarah Shiner set up both goals. On the first, she provides a cross for Kirby Bartelstein, who finished for a 1-0 lead in the eighth minute. Jolie Carl scored the second goal for Highland Park off the assist from Shiner in the 17th minute.
Round Lake got a goal back late in the half. Dana Devera made a move for the ball in the penalty area and was tackled and fouled on the play. The Panthers were awarded a penalty kick, and Wawrzyniak slotted the ball into the corner to make it 2-1 in the 37th minute.
"I usually don't take PKs, but I think when I took that, it was a confidence-booster for me," Wawrzyniak said. "It's something I needed, and the team needed."
Panthers junior keeper Giselle Raygoza made 8 of 12 of her stops in the second half as Highland Park had the wind behind it.
"Coming in here against Highland Park, the result means a lot," Round Lake coach Josue Jimenez said. "Highland Park is always a good team. My girls knew that and they worked really hard. I know we had a lot of factors, with the wind and the turf. I know we lost, but I'm happy with the way we worked and things are looking better on the Round lakeside."
The Giants came in with the idea of finding their own offense, but instead spent plenty of effort dealing with Round Lake's.
"We wanted to have an offensive output after being shut out in our first two games," Highland Park coach Katie Straka said. "We did get off to a good start offensively. I was really impressed with Round Lake, they have some exciting players. Their keeper (Raygoza) was making some amazing saves. The rest of the team worked out really well."
Kerry Aden from the Regional Water Providers Consortium shares tips on how to check your house for water leaks.
On the first day of winter, Ranger Orville Bach captured this Old Faithful eruption that shows thousands of gallons of water pushed toward the sky. Yellowstone became a national park in 1872.
The moment we've been waiting for has arrived people! Hey Arnold creator Craig Bartlett released the first trailer for the anticipated Hey Arnold!: The Jungle Movie during New York Comic Con 2017 on Friday afternoon, which was met with a standing ovation. And yes, it's as epic as many of us fans would imagine it to be.
The trailer picks up a year after where we left Arnold and his friends during the series finale 15 years ago, as he continues his quest to find out the truth about his parents. The sixth-graders win a trip to San Lorenzo, which just happens to be the exact location where Arnold's parents disappeared. So naturally, he uses this chance to unlock the mystery. Arnold, along with Gerald, Rhonda, Helga and Phoebe partake in a daring adventure that could potentially either bring them closer together or tear their friendships apart.
Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start
hello
DOHA, Qatar -- Defending champion Novak Djokovic had a slow start to his first match of 2017 before prevailing 7-6 (1), 6-3 over Jan-Lennard Struff in the first round of the Qatar Open on Monday.
Second-seeded Djokovic trailed 4-0 in the opener before recovering to 5-5 and finally finding his form in the tiebreaker, where his 63rd-ranked German opponent won only one point.
The second-ranked Serb broke serve in the first and last games of the second set to close out the match.
Djokovic next plays either Horacio Zeballos or Florian Mayer in the second round.
Top-seeded Andy Murray plays 69th-ranked Jeremy Chardy of France in his opener on Tuesday.
Murray, who took the top ranking from Djokovic at the end of last year, was in action on Monday with Mariusz Fyrstenberg in the doubles. The pair lost to David Marrero and Nenad Zimonjic 6-2, 6-4.
The Art Market: the female gaze
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND AND LABRADOR--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) -
The Board of Directors of Fortis Inc. ("Fortis" or the "Corporation") (TSX: FTS)( NYSE : FTS) has declared the following dividends:
$0.3063 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "F" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.2427 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "G" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.15625 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "H" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.119125 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "I" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.2969 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "J" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.2500 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "K" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; $0.25625 per share on the First Preference Shares, Series "M" of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Shareholders of Record at the close of business on May 19, 2017; and $0.40 per share on the issued and outstanding fully paid Common Shares of the Corporation, payable on June 1, 2017 to the Common Shareholders of record at the close of business on May 19, 2017.
The Corporation has designated the common share dividend and preference share dividends as eligible dividends for federal and provincial dividend tax credit purposes.
About Fortis
Fortis is a leader in the North American regulated electric and gas utility industry with total assets of approximately CAD$47 billion. The Corporation's 8,000 employees serve utility customers in five Canadian provinces, nine U.S. states and three Caribbean countries.
Fortis shares are listed on the TSX and NYSE and trade under the symbol FTS. Additional information can be accessed at www.fortisinc.com, www.sedar.com, or www.sec.gov.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
A Tarbert soldier awarded the Military Cross for gallantry during the First World War is to be honoured, with his name being added to Glasgow University's roll of honour.
Archibald Campbell Brown was born on March 4, 1886 in Tarbert – the son of James, the late village postmaster, and Margaret Brown, living at Dunalasdair, Tarbert.
Research by John Houston of the Scottish Military Research Group states he attended Tarbert High School then Glasgow University, matriculating in 1904/05, and graduating with a Master of Arts in 1906.
Archibald attended teacher training college and is commemorated on the Jordanhill Teacher Training College memorial.
He enlisted in the 17th Highland Light Infantry in September 1914 and served with the Expeditionary Force in France and Flanders in 1915.
After returning home in December 1916, he was gazetted second Lieutenant, 14th (Service) Bn., Princess Louise's, Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders on April 26, 1917.
After a period of training in England, second Lieutenant Brown went back to France that September, and was killed in action on April 20, 1918, aged 32.
He was awarded the MC (London Gazette, September 16, 1918) for gallant and distinguished service in the field.
An officer wrote: ‘He was one of the bravest men who joined Kitchener's Army.'
His citation, dated September 13, 1918 read: ‘T./2nd Lt. Archibald Brown, Arg. & Suth'd Highrs, For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty.
‘This officer, in command of a fighting patrol, was ordered to clear the enemy out of a strong point in an advanced trench.
‘On reaching the trench the patrol came under very heavy machine-gun fire; he at once dashed forward with his men and succeeded in putting three guns out of action, killing the teams, and bringing back a prisoner.
‘Though wounded, he continued to do duty during the remainder of the operations.'
Second Lieutenant Brown is buried at Agny-les-Duisans, Etaus near Arras, northern France.
As well as the Jordanhill memorial, second Lieutenant Brown is commemorated on the Tarbert Memorial.
Others being honoured alongside Archibald are a Scottish international rugby player, a doctor and a grocer's son.
These men were among the fallen of the First World War whose names, until now, were missing from the University of Glasgow's Roll of Honour.
Researchers at the university identified 19 additional names by using digital resources and confirmed their connection to the university using student records.
Now, 100 years after the war, their names will be carved in stone in the university Memorial Chapel, and their families invited to memorial services on Remembrance Sunday, on November 11, 2018.
Katie McDonald, researcher with the College of Arts, University of Glasgow, said: ‘We are still piecing together the stories behind the names of the fallen and ask anyone who has any information about them and any pictures of them to get in touch.
If you have any information or a family connection with Archibald Campbell Brown, you are invited to email the university at chaplaincy@glasgow.ac.uk or call 0141 330 5419.
To view the records the university holds on the fallen, contact archives@glasgow.ac.uk or call 0141 330 5515.
PICS:
Archibald Brown's 1904-5 University of Glasgow matriculation slip. no_a27ArchibaldBrownGlasUni01
His name will be added to the list of the fallen in the university memorial chapel. no_a27ArchibaldBrownGlasUni03
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Authorities were on scene of a hostage situation in Henderson on May 1. (@jayinvegas/Twitter)
Henderson Police said several agencies responded to a barricade and hostage situation Tuesday near the Galleria Mall.
Police said U.S. Marshals were performing a service warrant at The Croix Townhomes on the 700 block of Mira Montana Street.
Officers found an armed man with a hostage inside, so SWAT officers responded to the scene. Police shut down several streets in the area during the investigation and told people to avoid the area.
David Nguyen, 30, a fugitive wanted in Arizona by the Pima County Sheriff's Office was arrested by the U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force. A warrant was issued charging Nguyen with armed robbery, aggravated armed robbery, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of narcotics and paraphernalia and fleeing. Nguyen had been on the run for over 10 years, the U.S. Marshals office said.
Authorities were informed that Nguyen had possibly fled to Henderson.
At 5:57 p.m. Henderson police said the "suspect surrendered to police and was taken into custody without incident." Neither the hostage, suspect nor officers were injured.
He was booked into the Henderson Detention Center pending his extradition back to Arizona, the Marshals office said.
District of Nevada U.S. Marshal Gary Schofield stated, “This prompt and successful investigation is another example of how effective the combined resources of participating task force agencies can be in making our community a safer place. We appreciate the continued effort, dedication, and hard work by all our law enforcement partners with quickly removing felons from our community and bringing them to justice.”
"The Nevada Fugitive Investigative Strike Team (NV FIST) is a permanent task force that brings together the resources and expertise of state, local, and federal agencies in a coordinated effort to arrest dangerous and violent fugitives. Nevada FIST is led by the U.S. Marshals and is comprised of Deputy U.S. Marshals and law enforcement officers from the Henderson Police Department, the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, the North Las Vegas Police Department, the Nevada Department of Public Safety, the Nevada Gaming and Control Board, Enforcement Division, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Bad news for people with credit-card debt: It's about to get more expensive.
The Federal Reserve said Wednesday it is raising its benchmark federal-funds rate by a quarter percentage point, to a range between 1% and 1.25%.
In other words, the Fed announced an increase in how many banks will be charged to borrow money from Federal Reserve banks. (The Fed raises and lowers interest rates in an attempt to control inflation.)
“The cumulative effect of rate hikes on consumers is mounting,” said Greg McBride, the chief financial analyst at the personal-finance website Bankrate.com.
That increase will most likely eventually be passed on to consumers, said Sean McQuay, a credit card expert at the personal finance website NerdWallet. Many households with credit card debt — the average household carrying credit card debt has more than $16,000 — will likely take a hit.
McBride said credit card rates will rise 1 percentage point higher than they were two years ago, and the minimum payment on a $30,000 home equity line will now be $25 more a month than it was before the Fed started hiking rates.
Here's how the latest Fed rate increase could impact your credit cards and bank accounts.
Credit cards
Because a rise in the federal funds rate means banks will likely pay more to borrow from the Federal Reserve, they may pass that cost on to consumers.
Credit card interest rates are variable (banks and credit card companies should state that their rates are variable in the literature customers receive to learn about their cards), and they are tied to the prime rate, an index a few percentage points above the federal funds rate. It is a benchmark that banks use to set home equity lines of credit and credit card rates; as federal funds rates rise, the prime rate does, too.
As a result, credit card holders are likely to see their interest rates rise, and that will happen soon, McBride said.
He predicted that could happen within about 60 days, or two statement cycles.
Some companies even raise their variable rates on the exact same day the Fed raises its rates, said Chris Mettler, the founder and president of CompareCards, a credit-card comparison website.
When the Fed raised the rate in 2015 — the first rate hike since 2006 — it only took about a month or two for the majority of banks that the personal finance website NerdWallet works with to change the variable APRs on their credit cards, McQuay said. They included both major banks and lesser-known ones.
What's more: Banks are under no obligation to let their customers know they are raising their credit card rates when the Fed announces an interest-rate increase, so consumers should check on their own to find out if their rates are rising, McQuay said.
The average household now pays a total of $1,292 in credit card interest per year, according to NerdWallet's research. Now that the Federal Reserve increased its rates as analysts expected, the total will rise to $1,309, NerdWallet found. Although that amount won't “break the bank,” McQuay said, consumers who have debt should expect this trend of rising interest rates to continue.
People who currently have credit card debt should consider trying to refinance or consolidate it now, or find a lower-interest rate card they can transfer their existing balances to, said Rachel Podnos, an attorney and financial planner based in Washington, D.C., told MarketWatch.
Many balance transfer cards have 0% introductory interest rates, McQuay said. Banks and credit card companies will likely keep those rates at 0% rather than raise them to slightly over 0%, because offering that 0% introductory rate is helpful for marketing. However, because the banks will be paying more to borrow, they may eventually shorten the introductory period if they are unable to afford that 0% for the long periods of time they offer now. As a result, securing one of these cards sooner rather than later would be a good idea.
Bank accounts
For savers, a rise in Federal Reserve interest rates is good news, Podnos said.
Savings account rates will likely increase slightly, which should help consumers, especially since interest rates on savings accounts are at historic lows. (Although consumers shouldn't expect those rates to rise much, McBride said. One important caveat: Banks will likely have to collect extra income from borrowers before being able to pass those funds onto the savers, he said.)
Personal finance sites Bankrate.com and NerdWallet compile lists of the highest-yielding savings accounts. Online-only banks often offer accounts with higher yields than traditional banks do, as those lists show.
Online banks are more likely to pass those higher savings rates on to customers, and to do it quickly, McBride said, based on what Bankrate has previously found.
Consumers may be missing out on by using a low-yield savings account, a recent NerdWallet survey found. A savings account with one of the highest yields advertised (with a rate of 1.1%) pays $274 more per year than a low-interest account (0.01%) on savings of $25,000, it found.
“There is an arms race among the top-yielding online savings accounts, where there is a continual game of one-upmanship which will continue as the Fed raises rates further,” McBride said.
“For most banks it will be months before any improvement in savings returns is seen, and even then it will be inconsequential because their yields are so much lower. Don't wait six months for your bank to raise their rate from 0.10% to 0.15% when you could be earning 1.3% now.”
That said, even the highest-yielding accounts currently don't pay consumers enough to even offset the rate of inflation; so while consumers may want to put easily-accessible savings in a bank account, they should also make sure to diversify by investing instead of waiting for money to lose value, McQuay added.
He also suggested checking with credit unions, which sometimes have higher-yielding savings accounts than banks offer; they may even offer higher yields in person than they advertise online, he said.
This story has been updated.
Oyetunji Abioye As a salary earner running a small business by the side to make ends meet, there is a need to run the financial transactions of your enterprise smoothly. As a part-time or even a full-time business owner, your time is precious. Chances are, you are taking care of countless different things at the […]
The post Five ways to make banking easier for your business appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Earlier this year, Frisco was named as the second fastest growing city in the United States in terms of population. Now…we're number one!
WalletHub just released its list of the fastest growing cities in the United States, and among the FOUR Texas cities that made the top 10, Frisco is number one! The city of Frisco's economic development arm attributes its ranking to its residents and businesses being drawn because of its top-notch schools, “pristine” parks, and retail, sports, and entertainment destinations.
Frisco's population in July, 2016 was 164,000, an increase of about 6% from the previous year. Projections have that by around 2035, the population could be close to 375,000 people. WalletHub analyzed 515 U.S. cities across 15 key metrics, measuring data that ranges from population growth to college-educated population growth to unemployment rate decrease.
A ton of Texas, and especially DFW cities made the list of the fastest growing in the United States, which shows that the Lone Star State is CLEARLY the best place to live in the entire country!
5-Midland
6-McKinney
9-Austin
14-Round Rock
25-Allen
26-Pearland
31-League City
57-Irving
58-Denton
64-Richardson
82-Grand Prairie
83-Fort Worth
110-San Antonio
112-Dallas
185-Houston
Via Culture Map
KLAMATH FALLS, Ore. (AP) – Authorities have arrested a fire district employee in rural southern Oregon after she submitted a letter of resignation that outlined thefts from the agency.
The Herald and News reports 51-year-old Tina Young was arrested Thursday on a charge of aggravated first-degree theft following her letter to the board of the Bonanza Rural Fire Protection District.
In the letter last week, Young says she had personal financial difficulties that led to “some decisions that today leave me feeling guilty, ashamed, sorry and scared.”
Young says she mishandled funds, altered financial reports and destroyed financial records.
The Klamath County Sheriff's Office says the amount stolen has not been determined.
The district says it found more than $76,000 of questionable checking transactions since Young began work as its secretary and treasurer in 2013.
—
Information from: Herald and News, http://www.heraldandnews.com
Danielle Jennings
Oprah Winfrey continues to fill her plate with numerous projects and we reap the benefits. Despite co-starring in the OWN network drama Greenleaf, executive producing fellow OWN show Queen Sugar, starring in Ava DuVernay's upcoming A Wrinkle in Time for Disney and re-teaming with Lee Daniels for a possible remake of Terms of Endearment, Winfrey also managed to star in the upcoming HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, which has set its premiere date for this spring.
.@Oprah and Rose Byrne star in the adaptation of the critically-acclaimed book.
The Immortal Life of #HenriettaLacks premieres April 22. pic.twitter.com/bGzJC8Kzts — HBO (@HBO) February 14, 2017
Oprah Winfrey is determined to remind the world just how great she is at acting and with a host of TV and film projects on the horizon, she will definitely succeed. As reported by Shadow and Act, the HBO film The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks has officially announced its premiere date for April 22. The news was initially revealed on the official HBO Twitter account, which is exciting considering that things have been rather quiet surrounding the film lately.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an incredibly moving true story that is bound to tug at emotions and is a perfect way for Oprah to flex her considerable dramatic acting chops.
In case you are totally unaware of this story, the film's synopsis reads:
Oprah Winfrey stars in this adaptation of Rebecca Skloot's critically acclaimed, bestselling nonfiction book of the same name. The film tells the story of Henrietta Lacks, an African American woman whose cells were used to create the first immortal human cell line. Told through the eyes of her daughter, Deborah Lacks (played by Winfrey), the film chronicles her search to learn about the mother she never knew and understand how the unauthorized harvesting of Lacks' cancerous cells in 1951 led to unprecedented medical breakthroughs, changing countless lives and the face of medicine forever.
Winfrey is also surrounded by a talented cast in the film, including Emmy-winner Courtney B. Vance, Tony-winner Renée Goldsberry and Emmy nominee Rose Byrne. A trailer is expected within the next few weeks or less and we will certainly keep you posted!
Check out today's Top Stories here:
https://hellobeautiful.com/2926862/founders-little-caesars-paid-rosa-park-rent/
https://hellobeautiful.com/2926590/frank-ocean-mom-unsun-cosmetics/
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — Law enforcement authorities in South Florida want to talk to a 22-year-old man wanted as a “person of interest” in the shooting death of rising rap star XXXTentacion.
Broward Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Veda Coleman-Wright said in a news release sent Tuesday night that detectives want to ask Robert Allen what he knows about the rapper's death. She says he's also wanted on a felony warrant for violating probation for possession of flakka and carrying a concealed weapon.
XXXTentacion, whose real name is Jahseh Dwayne Onfroy, was shot June 18. Detectives said a SUV blocked the 20-year-old rapper's luxury sports car in the driveway of a Fort Lauderdale-area motorcycle dealership and two masked men confronted him during an apparent robbery attempt.
Twenty-two-year-old Dedrick Williams faces murder charges. He hasn't entered a plea.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Irish pro continental team are trying to make their mark at the 2017 Tour of Oman
Aqua Blue continued their charge into their debut season on Wednesday in the Tour of Oman. Mark Christian, fresh in the aggressive rider jersey, says this is exactly why they came to the race.
Christian, who rode with Team Wiggins in the last two seasons, escaped and his Danish team-mate Lasse Norman Hansen attacked in the final 10km to Al Bustan, just east of Muscat.
“This is exactly what we came for, we want to be represented in the race,” Christian told Cycling Weekly with the leader's flowers in his hands.
“Firstly it was a good start yesterday [Tuesday] with a man in the break and also fourth place on the stage with Lasse. It was backed up well today. To be in the break and get the jersey. I hope I'll be able to defend it tomorrow.”
Ireland's professional continental Aqua Blue Sport signed Adam Blythe, Andrew Fenn and Matt Brammeier over the winter to form the core of its new team.
In the dusty dirt car park next to the finish, with views of the Arabian Sea below, Blythe stood in his white British champion's kit and wiped the day's grit from his face.
“It shows off the team's value well,” Blythe said before climbing on his bike to ride the 45km back to the hotel. “We have good riders here and it shows our ambitions.
“We did the Dubai Tour and now here in Oman. It's a good start and good to get invitations to these races. We have to keep doing good rides in the races and keep getting invited back.”
For second division teams in the professional continental ranks, especially a new one, invitations to the big races are gladly received.
“These are important races, we try to show ourselves and hopefully get invitations to the big races later in the season,” sports director Nicki Sorensen explained.
“It is an ASO race, so I hope that they are looking at us a little bit. Actually, I think they are looking. I'm positive about it. The Vuelta a España is a very big goal of ours and we'd like to also make the Tour de Suisse selection.
“However, this is a very nice race and a very good build up for the rest of the season.”
Christian and his partner Preben Van Hecke (Sport Vlaanderen-Baloise) survived until the final 20 kilometres of the rolling stage through the sultan state. Hansen countered the move and escaped in the final 10 kilometres.
The favourites dominated and Belgian Ben Hermans (BMC Racing) won the stage and took the jersey, but Aqua Blue left a mark.
“It's important to both the team and to the race organisers,” added Christian. “I've done a couple of years at a continental level, but this is my first year in a pro conti team.
“To be in these races more regularly now, it is a bit of a step up for me, but it's also a chance to step forward.
“Likewise for the team. These are early races for the team and we are making our first races and we are making our first steps in the pro peloton. Straight away, it's important to be noticed.
“It's important to be seen and get off on the right foot. We can build on that later in the season.”
A former Veterans Affairs Department executive who was harshly criticized by Congress for massive cost overruns at a new Colorado VA medical center said he was never told the price had ballooned to more than $1.7 billion before he left the agency, and does not know how it happened.
"I'm just astounded, quite frankly, I'm absolutely astounded," Glenn Haggstrom told The Associated Press in a rare interview.
Haggstrom, who was the VA's top construction official when the project nearly collapsed amid legal disputes and skyrocketing costs, said the last estimate he heard from the builder before he was removed from the project was about $890 million.
Haggstrom said had been made a scapegoat, and that responsibility for the failures was widespread within the agency. But he acknowledged that he had a role because he was director of the VA's Office of Acquisition, Logistics and Construction.
"As the leader of that organization you do bear the responsibility," said Haggstrom, who retired in March 2015 amid an internal VA investigation into the costs.
The medical center, under construction in the Denver suburb of Aurora, has been a monumental embarrassment for the VA.
The initial construction contract was awarded in 2010 with a projected cost around $590 million. But after years of disputes among the VA, the contractor and the design team, an independent government panel called the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals ruled in December 2014 that the VA had violated the contract by not giving the builders, the Kiewit-Turner joint venture, a design that could be built within budget.
The VA then asked the Army Corps of Engineers to estimate the cost, and the answer, delivered in March 2015, was a staggering $1.73 billion. The Corps took over management of the project, and the medical center is expected to be completed next year for about $1.7 billion.
Multiple investigations concluded the costs got out of hand because the VA did not oversee the project closely enough, did not assign enough officials to it, approved lavish design elements, failed to get the designers and builders to agree on the design and tried to use a complicated form of construction contract that agency executives did not fully understand.
The VA's inspector general, an internal watchdog, said last year that Haggstrom knew the project was veering toward huge cost overruns but didn't tell lawmakers when he testified before Congress in 2013 and 2014. That prompted lawmakers to call for a perjury investigation, but the Justice Department decided last month not to file charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Haggstrom told the AP he had been given conflicting information about the project.
He said cost projections kept rising, and the highest estimate he saw from Kiewit-Turner was about $890 million. He said the VA removed him from the project before the Corps of Engineers compiled its estimate.
"This thing is a moving target," he said.
Kiewit-Turner spokesman Tom Janssen said the Civilian Board of Contract Appeals clearly faulted the VA for the problems. He quoted from the board's decision: "We find that the behavior of the VA has not comported with the standards of good faith and fair dealing required by law."
Haggstrom said the architectural and engineering team had repeatedly assured him it could be built within budget. The architects and engineers, a group of four companies known as the Joint Venture Team, said it had done what the contract required.
"The JVT worked diligently to ensure the project was designed to meet the standards set ... within the budget and on time," spokesman Andy Boian said.
Haggstrom declined to identify any other VA officials he thought shared the responsibility for the problems.
"I'm not going to pin this on anybody because this was a decision that was made by the department," he said.
Haggstrom said he decided to retire because the members of the panel conducting the internal VA inquiry, called an administrative investigation board, did not have skills to sort out what happened.
"I didn't want to be a part of that process," he said.
Haggstrom said a high-ranking VA official had been pressuring him to retire for weeks, but he declined to say who it was.
The investigation board's report, obtained by the AP through an open records request, echoed many criticisms of previous reviews.
No one has been fired or criminally charged over the project, angering members of Congress. Lawmakers were incensed when Haggstrom retired with full benefits, but the VA said he was legally entitled to do so.
Congress this week passed a bill designed to make it easier for the VA to fire employees and allowing the department to reduce an employee's pension for negligence or mismanaging funds — in part a response to the Colorado project.
Last year, Congress stripped the VA of the authority to manage large construction projects and turned it over to the Corps of Engineers, also a reaction to the Colorado project.
Haggstrom said some VA employees were unfairly criticized for the failures when they were trying to get the project completed, and they made numerous cost-cutting suggestions, most of which were rejected by higher-ups.
"They're being vilified for it," he said.
———
Follow Dan Elliott at http://twitter.com/DanElliottAP . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/dan%20elliott.
The Minister of Trade and Industry, Mr Alan Kyerematen, has met with private sector development partners to seek their support towards the implementation of the trade policies and industrialisation agenda of the government.
Mr Kyerematen said the transformation agenda of the Akufo-Addo administration was, among others, anchored in pursuing aggressive industrialisation and value addition to agricultural produce, providing tax and related incentives for manufacturing businesses, providing a reliable and cost-effective mix of energy supply for businesses and pursuing policies that would reduce interest rates.
The minister explained that the major preoccupation of the ministry was to work assiduously to fulfil the campaign promises outlined in the manifesto of the governing New Patriotic Party (NPP) and ensure that the promises were translated into massive employment opportunities, especially for the youth of Ghana.
Cooperation
Mr Kyerematen expressed the willingness of the ministry to work with the development partners in that regard and was hopeful that they would cooperate with him to provide the much-needed support to achieve the broad objectives of the government.
Recounting his experiences and the support he received from the private sector development partners between 2003 and 2007, Mr Kyerematen outlined the current government's road map towards achieving the agenda for job creation.
The road map has eight thematic pillars designed to strengthen Ghana's export trade development and domestic trade and consumption. The strategic pillars are building the competitiveness of existing industries through stimulus package, the one-district-one factory initiative, development of strategic anchor industries, establishment of multipurpose industrial parks in all regions, development of small and medium-scale enterprises, linking large-scale industries to SMEs through industrial sub-contracting exchange, business environment and regulatory reforms, as well as institutionalising public-private sector dialogue.
Mr Kyerematen said the government would facilitate the implementation of those programmes by providing the necessary tactical and technical assistance to both local and international investors to take advantage of the new dawn of golden age of business.
Ready to cooperate
Responding, Mr Lasse Möller of DANIDA and a Co-Chair of the Private Sector Development Donor Partners Group expressed the commitment of the donor partners to work closely with the ministry to revive the private sector development support programme.
He said the group was excited to have Mr Kyerematen back as Ghana's Trade and Industry Minister since evidence showed that it was during his tenure as the minister that Ghana performed well in many global benchmarks, including the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business.
Mr Möller underscored the need for better coordination among key government functionaries on critical issues to ensure the successful implementation of the ambitious programmes outlined by the minister.
He further advised the new government to continue Ghana's commitment to good governance as manifested in the peaceful transition of power recently and ensure efficient management of the macroeconomic environment.
He assured the minister of the group's commitment to Ghana's development and promised full co-operation between the partners and the government.
In attendance were representatives from The Netherlands and Swiss Embassies, International Finance Corporation (IFC), the European Union, BUSAC Fund, DFID, Embassy of Norway, African Development Bank, the World Bank, USAID, Agence Francaise d'Development (AFD), DANIDA, United States (US) Embassy, Italian Embassy and officials from the Ministry of Trade and Industry.
Ray Beltran's first title defense will be a homecoming.
The Mexico native will put his 135-pound belt on the line against mandatory challenger Roman Andreev on Aug. 25 in Glendale, Arizona, it was announced by the WBO on Tuesday. The lightweight title scrap will headline an ESPN card, and will be Beltran's second main event on the network this year.
The fight was confirmed at Tuesday's purse bid after Top Rank, Beltran's longtime promoter, won the rights to the matchup with a bid of $252,000.
“Ray entered camp two weeks ago without knowing who we would fight,” Beltran's manager, Steve Feder, told THE RING. “He prepares to win regardless of the opponent. We trust the TR matchmakers Trampler and Goodman and we know Bob would make a good fight regardless. Having it in Ray's hometown of Phoenix is going to be a great homecoming for the champ.
“Assuming it is Andreev we respect all opponents. But this is a fighter who has never been in deep with the level of competition he will face when he goes against Ray. It's another world when you step up. This reminds me of (Mason) Menard fight. Fight looks good on paper, then reality strikes when the bell rings. We will train for 12 hard rounds and the rest is in Rays hands which includes his signature devastating left hook. Team Beltran will be ready to defend our house.”
Beltran (35-7-1, 21 knockouts) was Manny Pacquiao's longtime sparring partner, but he emerged out of the Filipino's shadow with a string of impressive knockouts.
In his first crack at a 135-pound title, Beltran broke Ricky Burns' jaw but was robbed in enemy territory. Then, Beltran was outclassed by Terence Crawford, but the third time was the charm.
Beltran eked out a decision victory over Paulus Moses in February in a terrific action fight, and now, he's ready for his first title defense at age 36.
Little is known about his next opponent. Andreev, a 32-year-old from Russia, has never faced a top-level foe despite competing as a pro since 2008. He remains undefeated at 21-0 with 15 knockouts, but finally, he'll step up to an assignment against a top-10 opponent.
Whether he's ready for the title opportunity remains to be seen.
Whether you are enjoying Sea of Thieves for yourself or watching streamers enjoy it on Twitch, you might have come across a cloud in the form of a skull over an island. Just what are these skull clouds? Read on to find out.
During your adventures at seas you may notice a cloud formation in the form of a skull and while that spells doom for many adventures, it's actually something you want to check out in Sea of Thieves. They are actually called Cursed Islands and they are one of two world events to be found in Sea of Thieves.
If you see a skull cloud forming in the distance, turn your ship around and head towards it if you want to kill hordes of skeletons and collect loot. Once you make it to shore, be prepared to find waves of skeletons so make sure you bring a Blunderbuss and a stockpile of bananas if you want to make things easier for you.
There are even different types of skeletons that you'll come across included regular white ones, stronger blue ones and really powerful gold ones. Once you defeat a wave a loud horn will signal the arrival of a new wave so there's little downtime and a lot of action.
A good tip would be to leave somebody on the boat firing cannons so they can maximize damage. Skeletons are not a big fan of being hit by cannonballs so make sure you don't miss. These islands usually have a barrel for ammo along with some bananas so all isn't lost when you run out of ammo and healing food.
Eventually the Captain of the skeletons will come out and you'll have to finish him off to officially complete the island. He will drop the key to open up the treasure room so don't roam too far away from him after he's defeated.
By finishing off all the waves of skeletons you will gain access to the locked cave via the Stronghold Key and the loot is free for you to plunder. If you show up with a full crew this should be doable but showing up solo will be very hard and practically near impossible. There's a lot of loot to pick up upon completion so you'll probably want at least one other person to help you loot the place.
Another world event is available and that's fighting off the Kraken. The Kraken is a terrifying deep sea creature but that's a different story for another day.
Sea of Thieves releases March 20 for Xbox One and PC. The game is an Xbox Play Anywhere title meaning a digital copy on Xbox One will also get you a copy on PC and vice-versa. For more Sea of Thieves guides and news make sure to check out the rest of our gaming coverage.
See Also:
The 9-year-old boy was “slobbering at the mouth” in a 94-degree car Monday when a Good Samaritan got to him, according to police in Cleveland Heights, Ohio.
When he was discovered around 1 p.m., the boy had been sitting in the sweltering black Nissan Altima in direct sun for 15 to 20 minutes, according to police. The heat index that day hit 94 degrees, FOX 8 reports.
“There's a kid in the car, all of the windows are up,” the Good Samaritan said in a 911 call, which was obtained by FOX. “I got the alarm going 'cause I opened the door.”
The 911 caller said he found the car's rear driver-side door unlocked when he tried to open it. He also said that, when the child was still in the car, he appeared upset and maybe even unconscious or sick, WKYC reports.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
“I don't want to be standing here when the parents come out and I got his kid,” the caller told dispatchers.
The caller and boy waited for police to arrive, WKYC reports. Police found the boy with his hair drenched in sweat, and his face "extremely flushed.” The boy was autistic and seemed “confused about how to get out of the car," News 5 reports.
Paul Bayer, 65 Cleveland Heights Police
As police spoke to the boy, another officer went into the store looking for the child's guardian. Soon 65-year-old Paul Bayer, the boyfriend of the child's mother, ran out of the home improvement store, according to police. Bayer was arrested on child endangerment charges. He apologized for the incident.
"Why did you leave him in the car again?," police asked Bayer in bodycam footage obtained by FOX.
"He got real quiet,” Bayer responded, FOX reports. “I forgot he was with me, I came here for a quick run and I forgot I had him."
The child was treated at the scene and his condition improved. Authorities then returned the child to his 36-year-old mother, News 5 reports. After he was booked, Bayer was released on bond, police said.
But before he was booked, Bayer may have had a heat incident of his own, police said: Bayer had to lie down in the backseat of the squad car, saying he needed a drink of water, Patch reports. Police said Bayer was flushed as well. Bayer eventually was able to sit upright, and was given water at the police station.
Bayer is a bankruptcy attorney, FOX reports.
Police said the incident is a reminder of the dangers of leaving children in hot cars — not to mention children with special needs.
“The body temperature of a child left in a hot car can rise within minutes and this can lead to serious injury and possibly death,” the Cleveland Heights Police Department wrote on Facebook.
78-year old Anthony Owusu Adomako was murdered at the lobby of Coconut Guest House
A Kumasi-based businessman has been fingered as a key suspect by the family of the 78-year-old hotel owner who was stabbed to death on Monday.
Relatives of late Anthony Owusu Adomako, who suspect contract killing, have since filed a complaint with the police.
They cite the businessman (name withheld) as a close business associate of the murdered hotel owner.
Relatives point to previous violent exchanges between Mr Adomako and his business partner as grounds for their suspicion in the callous murder.
They say before his death Mr Adomako accused the suspect of cheating him in a business deal amounting to some thousands of Ghana cedis.
A few weeks before the attack that cost the life of Mr Adomako, a disagreement erupted between the two over the failure of the businessman to fully honour his part of that deal, the relatives say.
The proprietor of Coconut Guest House died on arrival at the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital after a masked man stabbed him several times in the lobby of the hotel at about 11 p.m. on Monday.
A receptionist on duty had led the assailant at knife-point from the reception to the lobby where Mr. Owusu Adomako was relaxing after close of work.
The 52-year-old receptionist reportedly locked the deceased and the assailant in whilst he sought help unsuccessfully from outside.
Police have confirmed receipt of information from the family which is likely to influence their investigations but they will not give details.
Public Relations Officer at the Ashanti Regional Command, ASP Juliana Obeng, says the family has given police some clues.
“They [family] have spoken to us but it is something that we want to keep under our sleeves,” she said.
According to her, police could sooner or later go after the businessman who Nhyira News sources say owns a chain of businesses scattered across the Ashanti Region capital and other parts of the country.
“We are in touch with the family…They have given us some leads and at the appropriate time we are going to move on that lead or that piece of information that the family has given us,” she said.
Meanwhile, the Coconut Guest House remains closed.
Mexico's Pemex launches the biggest ever EM corporate eurobond
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," she says. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example he and his colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, he notes.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," she says. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," she adds. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
When tradegy affects the world, the music community is one of the quickest to respond and that's been clear after Hurricane Maria ravaged U.S. territory Puerto Rico. Jay-Z's Tidal has promised cargo planes filled with aid, Fat Joe is collecting supplies to deliver in the island, Jennifer Lopez has pledged $1 million in proceeds from her Las Vegas shows, a slew of superstars is collecting donations and now Lin-Manuel Miranda makes one of the most star-studded contributions yet.
With "Almost Like Praying," the Hamilton creator brings together 22 Latin artists for an infectious dance track that will benefit The Hispanic Federation, an organization which Miranda has been personally backing since the island went into crisis mode. The island-themed track blends different artists' singing and rapping styles for a proper tribute track that namechecks different municipalities of the island and incorporates PR's famous coughing frog. You hear the frog sounds most clear at the very end of the song.
MIAMI (WSVN) - The Department of Homeland Security visited the National Hurricane Center to talk preparedness two days prior to the official start of the hurricane season.
The official start of the hurricane season is right around the corner, and the National Hurricane Center held a briefing, Wednesday.
“They never sit still,” said DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen. “They are always trying to find better ways to make the information not only actionable but understandable, so we can protect our families and our communities.”
Ken Graham, the director of the National Hurricane Center and FEMA administrator Brock Long were on hand for the briefing.
Officials emphasized residents be prepared for anything during the hurricane season.
“Even with a perfect forecast, the storm still comes. You can't stop it,” Graham said, “so it does become about the preparedness as we enter the 2018 hurricane season.”
After an unprecedented 2017 hurricane season where multiple storms devastated parts of the country, FEMA said it's working to make changes.
“It's designed to where communities have to get hit to get access to hundreds of millions of dollars in litigation money,” Long said. “That's a regressive process that's got to change.”
The Department of Homeland Security said it's getting different points of view from different states.
“We just spoke with some of the state emergency managers and homeland security advisors for many of the hurricane states,” Nielsen said. “It's an important conversation. We have them often during hurricane season, as you know, but we take the opportunity just before to kick off hurricane season and understand from them what they are doing, what they might need, if there are any challenges they foresee.”
Those who spoke agreed that it is a team effort between government agencies and residents.
“Bottom line is I don't think we are going to get a pass this year. I think it's going to be an active season, and rest assured that FEMA's doing everything that it can to be prepared, but I want to stress that preparedness is everybody's responsibility, not just FEMA's,” Long said.
“It truly is the case that preparedness begins with each one of us within our communities, our families, our neighborhoods, our cities,” Nielsen said.
The Department of Homeland Security offers resources online. For a list, click here.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Are you new to golf and not ready to plunk down $1,000 for a set of clubs? That's OK. There are plenty of complete beginner golf clubs sets for cheap on the market today.
Whether you're a newbie or just play from time to time, you don't need to spend an exorbitant amount of money to furnish your golf bag. You can find sets — complete with drivers, woods, hybrids, irons, wedges, putters, and bags — for $200 and under. And they're perfect for beginners. As a new player you don't need advanced clubs like the pros use. You need clubs that are made for the beginner — those that offer extra forgiveness on off-center hits, those that help you get underneath the golf ball for easy launch, and those that will promote game improvement.
Browse a wider selection of women's golf club sets for beginners if you can't find what you're looking for below. But keep reading to see some of the more popular inexpensive complete women's sets available right now and check out our post on the best golf club sets for men here.
1. Callaway Women's Strata Complete Golf Set (11-Piece)
No list about golf clubs would be complete without a set of Callaway's. Callaway has always been known for making high-quality clubs, including for the beginning golfer. The Strata Complete Set is perfect for a new player as it includes a driver, 5-wood, 5-hybrid, 7-iron, 9-iron, sand wedge, and putter. As a beginner you don't need a bag the entire repertoire of clubs as your disposal — USGA rules allow you to carry up to 14 clubs. And all 7 of the Strata clubs were designed to help build confidence and consistency in your game. The driver features a large sweet spot and the cavity back irons are perimeter weighted all of which provide extra forgiveness and control on off-center shots, something golfers of all skill levels could use. The mallet-style putter features a T-Style alignment to aid in accuracy on the greens. You'll also get a lightweight stand bag with plenty of storage and three headcovers (driver, wood, and hybrid).
The Strata golf clubs also come in a 14-piece combination and 16-piece sets. Check out the 14-piece Strata set and learn more about the 16-piece set here. Both sets include more clubs, including extra irons and a pitching wedge.
Price: $223.39 (19 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Includes a sand wedge
Cavity back irons for extra forgiveness
Comes with 3 headcovers for the driver, wood, and hybrid
Cons:
Doesn't include a pitching wedge
Fewer clubs than the other Strata sets
2. Wilson Golf Women's 2017 Ultra Package Set
The Ultra Package Set from Wilson Golf is new for 2017 and were designed to help you get easy launch and extra distance, two things many new players struggle to achieve. The oversized 14 degree driver features a large sweet spot and a lightweight, graphite shaft for faster swing speeds. A faster swing results in more distance and the larger sweet spot will help you keep the ball in the fairway on off-center hits. The hybrid club will be much simpler to hit than a low iron like a 4 or 5.
The set comes with 6 through 9 irons and a pitching wedge, each boasting a cavity back with low center of gravity to make getting the ball launched into the air much less challenging. Also featuring a heel/toe weighted putter, a lightweight cart bag, and headcovers, the 2017 Ultra Package Golf Club Set is also a bargain at just under $200.
Price: $198.82
Pros:
Designed to provide easy launch and extra distance
Irons feature large sweet spot and cavity back
Price
Cons:
No sand wedge included
This particular set is for right-handers only
3. Palm Springs Golf Visa Lady Graphite Hybrid Club Set & Stand Bag
Palm Springs Golf probably isn't as well known the aforementioned Callaway and Wilson, but their Visa Lady Graphite Hybrid Club Set has everything a new golfer needs at a competitive price. The set with a total of 11 clubs, so there are more than enough options to choose from. The oversized 460cc driver (the largest allowed for legal play) has a massive sweet spot, so you'll get more consistent — and longer — drives. The 15 degree fairway wood has a low profile, enabling you to get easier launch on your shots, and the two hybrids (18 and 21 degrees) are easy-to-hit for launch and distance, much more so than the low irons they replace — the 3 and 4 irons.
The Visa Lady Set also comes with a 5 iron through pitching wedge, all with cavity back designs, which creates a higher moment of inertia and lower center of gravity for extra forgiveness. All clubs are fitted with lightweight graphite shafts to promote quicker swing speed, and thus more distance. Along with the putter, you'll receive headcovers for the driver, wood, and hybrids, and a lightweight stand bag with plenty of storage and dual-strap carrying system.
Price: $199.99
Pros:
Comes with 2 easy-to-hit hybrids
Very light to promote faster club and swing speed
Stand bag includes rain cover
Cons:
This is a right-handed set only
Some users felt the clubs weren't very durable
4. Confidence Golf Lady Power Hybrid Club Set & Stand Bag
The name says is it all — Confidence. Something a lot of new golfers lack. It's a tough sport. But the Lady Power Hybrid Club Set & Stand Bag from Confidence Golf does their best to help you gain more trust in your game. It's got all the clubs a beginner needs to build consistency and stability on the course. A 12 degree driver and a 24 degree hybrid are easy-to-hit clubs that will give you the ball launch and distance, things new players sometimes struggle to achieve.
The irons — 6 iron through pitching wedge — will provide excellent forgiveness thanks to the cavity back design. The set also comes with a semi-mallet style putter with alignments bars designed to help with accuracy on the greens. The lightweight stand bag provides plenty of storage for all your golf accessories and features two all-weather grips for easy carrying and transport in all conditions.
Price: $185.00 (plus $11.95 shipping)
Pros:
12 degree oversized drivers for easier launch
Semi-mallet hybrid putter with clear alignment lines
Lightweight stand bag with all-weather grips for easy carrying
Cons:
Sand wedge not included
Some golfers might want more than the 8 clubs that are included
5. Pinemeadow Golf Women's Nitrix Pro Set Driver
Pinemeadow Golf's Women's Nitrix Pro Set Driver is a perfect batch of clubs for the beginner. You'll get an oversized driver and 3 wood equipped with lightweight graphite shafts for faster club head speeds and swings, which will result in greater distance. There's also a 24 degree hybrid, which is designed to be easier to hit than low irons and will help you get easier launch thanks to the low profile.
The set doesn't include a traditional 6 or 7 iron, but combines the two into a forgiving, hybrid iron. You'll also receive 8 and 9 irons and a pitching, all of which are cavity back to aid in launch and consistency on miss-hits. Along with a putter, Pinemeadow's product offers a lightweight stand bag with a dual-strap carrying system and headcovers for the driver and 3 wood.
Price: From $192.73
Pros:
Cavity back wide sole irons
Includes a hybrid 6/7 iron
Perfect for the beginning golfer
Cons:
Only available in right hand
No sand wedge included
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Both homeowners and real estate agents are best served when a home sells quickly for a good price. There are many steps both parties can take to achieve that goal, and a recent trend is proving its value: whether the local market is hot or cool, statistics reveal that a “Staged” home will sell faster and for a higher price.
This service is called Staging because it's basically about the “theater.” Your real estate professional assesses your home's strongest and weakest features, and creates a series of “scenes” that are sure to appeal to your “audience” of buyers.
There are four major areas of concern: cleanliness, openness, color, and compromise. Cleaning your home seems obvious, but we're talking about the “white glove” treatment here – on every surface. Openness means a decided lack of clutter as well as arranging or removing furnishings to impart a sense of space.
The colors in your home and on its walls also convey this idea. Dark colors make a room seem smaller and light colors make it seem bigger. You will see the difference it makes in your rooms.
But what about that “compromise” part? It simply means that we all understand that lack of time or budget makes it necessary to focus on those improvements that will have the biggest impact, and not sweat every little detail. Ask your agent for guidance and trust their judgment.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/02/web1_HENNE-KATHY.jpg
By Kathy Henne
Contact the Kathy Henne Team RE/MAX FINEST by calling (937) 778-3961.
Contact the Kathy Henne Team RE/MAX FINEST by calling (937) 778-3961.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Prosecutors have charged a suspect in a shooting death that occurred on July 21.
Eric H. Womack, 30, is charged with 2nd degree murder and armed criminal action in the fatal shooting of Anthony Clark.
Court records state that Clark was found shot to death in a vehicle near Independence and Lawndale on July 21. An individual provided information on the case that led Kansas City detectives to investigate Womack.
The witness said Womack and at least one other person came to Kansas City to buy drugs. A second witness told officers that Womack had stated that he killed a man at a car wash in Kansas City. Womack said he intended to rob the victim, but shot him after he grabbed a woman that accompanied Womack.
A third witness said he saw Womack shoot Clark, then flee on foot.
Prosecutors have requested a $250,000 cash bond.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A look back at the best of the best from the past seven days in sports, the CHEK Sports Plays of the Week
(WSVN) - A woman is looking for answers after, she said, a hair dryer she bought on Amazon shot out flames.
Erika Shoolbred posted a video on Facebook with a caption calling the product a “hair frier.”
“Fire is coming out of the hair dryer,” she can be heard saying in the video.
Shoolbred said she purchased a “salon grade” hair dryer and turned it on fresh out of the box.
“Oh, my gosh. I cannot freakin' believe this,” Shoolbred can be heard saying.
The video has since gone viral.
A professional hair stylist near Fayetteville, North Carolina, reacted to the viral video. “Holy… That's like a blow torch,” said stylist Holly Perry. “Wow, that's incredible.”
Stylist Samantha Akers said she has never seen a hair dryer shoot out flames like the one in the video, adding that she has “been through a lot of hair dryers.”
Stylists go through a lot of hair dryers, spending upwards of $300 on their “commercial grade” dryers.
“I have an infrared-heated dryer, which is infrared light technology, and it's never… it gets hot, but never that hot,” said Perry.
“It's gotta be wires loose?” She predicted about the faulty hair dryer in the video.
“I tell a lot of people, ‘You get what you paid for,'” said stylist Bayleigh Terry, “and that's with hair tools, products, everyday products.”
Shoolbred said Amazon refunded her the money and took the product off of its web site after she submitted a product safety form online.
She said she has yet to hear from Amazon or the manufacturer of the product.
“Unbelievable and scary,” said Perry. “You don't anticipate buying a product and having that happen.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Downtown Fort Myers is one step closer to bringing in what council members are calling one of the most important developments in the city's history.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT)- Greenville Police are investigating an armed robbery at the Family Dollar.
It happened around 9:30 p.m. at the Family Dollar in the 600 block of Memorial Drive.
GPD says a black male in his late teens or early 20's entered the store and displayed a handgun and demanded cash. He made off with a small amount.
The suspect is about 5'7″ or 5'8″ with a slim build. He was wearing dark clothes.
No injuries were reported.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Econ Technologies has released ChronoSync 4.8.6, adding support for the Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage service. The synchronization and backup app also adds new Dock menu items for faster access to the ChronoSync Organizer and Scheduled Task Manager windows, improves the accuracy of the “percentComplete” reported by a Sync Task, fixes a few bugs related to Google Cloud connections, resolves a potential hang when monitoring the startup of ChronoAgentLocal, and eliminates the duplicate ChronoSync Organizer window entry from the Window menu. ($49.99 new for ChronoSync with a 20 percent discount for TidBITS members, free update, 48.9 MB, release notes, 10.10+)
Senate and House Democrats, including Charles Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, address President Donald Trump's executive orders on Monday, Jan. 30, 2017 in front of the Supreme Court in Washington, D.C. Olivier Douliery TNS
Millennials are making a major impact on the workforce. But they're also changing up the business world as well. One company that's run completely by millennials is Propaganda Premium E-Liquid, a supplier of e-liquid for vape shops. You can read more about the company and its young team in this week's Small Business Spotlight.
What the Business Does
Manufactures e-liquid for vape shops.
Co-Founder Nicholas DeNuccio told Small Business Trends, “Propaganda manufacturers and distributes five distinct lines of e-liquid flavors to 5,000+ US vape shops and more than 40 countries around the world. From the everyday smoker to the conscientious consumer looking to kick a bad habit, we offer 19 different flavors in nicotine strengths ranging from 0mg-12mg.”
Business Niche
Being the “young bucks” of the industry with a fully millennial team.
DeNuccio says, “My executive team and I continue to embrace and foster this 20-something image in brand attitude and approach. We also possess all the qualities and skills, like tech-savviness and social media smarts, of a successful millennial team.”
How the Business Got Started
In the family kitchen.
DeNuccio explains, “Propaganda was started in my parent's kitchen with $200 worth of materials purchased online. From there, my partner and I spent nine months in research and design to develop three initial flavors, each featuring high-quality ingredients at just the right percentages to create what is known in the industry as an “all-day vape.” When we were satisfied with our results, we launched an instantly recognizable brand with a memorable, edgy name and a powerful logo that reads across every platform. Once this was in place, we simultaneously began grassroots consumer and custom retailer/distributor campaigns. We literally went door to door to vape shops around the country. Soon, we were selling in more than 200 retailers nationwide and everything else just grew exponentially from there.”
Biggest Win
Creating a major industry force.
DeNuccio says, “From turning a profit in nine months to selling outside the US for the first time in China, we've had lots of wins in just four years. That said, one of my favorite wins actually comes from our competitors. At least once a week, we'll get a call from an employee at one of the major e-juice brands looking to quit their job and come work with us. These are companies we never dreamed of being in the same league as and now they are losing staff to us! To me, that says we are a player in this industry.”
Biggest Risk
Rebranding the company.
DeNuccio says, “Three years ago, we took a risk and rebranded our company with a new logo, tagline and package design. In the process, we could have lost our existing fan base by either turning customers off or just becoming altogether unrecognizable. To avoid, this we took a three-stage approach and slowly released portions over time to keep our fans engaged and entertained. Luckily, it worked!”
Lesson Learned
Embrace mistakes.
DeNuccio explains, “This whole, surreal journey has taught me everything I know today. If it weren't for the mistakes, the headaches, and perhaps most importantly, the late nights worrying how to make payroll, I don't think I'd be where I am today.”
How They'd Spend an Extra $100,000
Promoting products in stores.
DeNuccio says, “I would definitely increase my in-store marketing and premium item budgets. Right now, we offer posters, flavor menus, POPs, shirts, hats, PopSockets, and car decals to retailers and fans because you gotta constantly give love to get love! I believe marketing to existing customers in this way is the most powerful form of new business acquisition out there, especially in our ever-evolving industry. So we also use customer loyalty incentives like “peel and win” stickers on each box of e-liquid and do lots of giveaways. After all, the more someone loves you, the more they are going to recommend you to someone else and get someone else to love you, too.”
Team Culture
Millennial family.
DeNuccio says, “Something interesting about Propaganda is that all of our team members (including myself) are millennials. We're also one big family over here. I know how cliché that sounds, but it's very true. We have so much love and appreciation for each other. Most of us have been close friends for over seven years.”
Favorite Quote
“Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do. Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.” -Jim Rohn- American entrepreneur, author, and motivational speaker
* * * * *
Find out more about the Small Biz Spotlight program
SAMAGE ENTERTAINMENT Present ‘OBISTORKE' is here with a brand-new Party Banga.. titled “Miss Taking Over” which will surely going to make you get the song on repeat, over and over again. Song Produced By DJ Coublon
Listen & Download.
http://tooxclusive.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Miss-Taking-Over.mp3
Obistroke – “Miss Taking Over” (Prod By DJ Coublon)
The post Obistorke – “Miss Taking Over” (Prod By DJ Coublon) appeared first on tooXclusive.
/ Front page / News
BEACHCOMBER heard a story about a certain employee who had planned to attend a major event with his friends and colleagues.
The plan was, however, of no use because this employee had to work the afternoon shift.
Being the sly person that he is, he decided to leave his workplace and attend the event because no one was around to supervise him.
Upon leaving the office, he texted his friend to let him know of his mischievous act.
But instead of the text reaching his friend it went to his boss who so happened to have the same name as the intended recipient.
Like a fired bullet does not return to the gun, the employee could do nothing to withdraw the text message.
As they say in iTaukei, "cala tale".
What happened between him and his boss is best known to them now.
Self-driving Uber strikes and kills pedestrian
hello
Uber has halted testing of its autonomous vehicles across North America, the company announced, after a woman was struck and killed by one of its self-driving cars in Tempe, Ariz. early Monday.
The moratorium on testing includes San Francisco, Phoenix, Pittsburgh and Toronto, Uber said.
The National Transportation Safety Board has opened an investigation into the crash, said Eric Weiss, a spokesman for the NTSB.
Uber issued a short statement.
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident," a company spokeswoman said.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in a tweet that the company was working to learn what went wrong.
"Some incredibly sad news out of Arizona," he said. "We're thinking of the victim's family as we work with local law enforcement to understand what happened."
Following the monumental stress of planning a wedding, it seems only fair that newlyweds get to go on honeymoon and have the holiday of their dreams.
The only problem is, you've probably dropped all your money on the Big Day, and by the time you're even considering going away, your funds aren't looking too healthy.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sound familiar? Here are nine ways you can try and save a bit of cash while booking your big trip.
Getty
1. Book as early as you can
But you already knew that, right? By booking your trip as far in advance as possible, you'll bag the best value because hotels and travel agents are keen to get confirmation.
"By booking as far in advance as possible means you have access to many great early booking offers", Niel Alobaidi, Managing Director, Emirates Holidays UK, explains. "Many hotels issue early booking offers that expire in December 2017 for travel in summer 2018. These offers can be as much as 50% off the standard accommodation cost so it definitely is worthwhile to plan ahead."
2. Consider a registry at your wedding
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
It's not everyone's cup of tea and that's fine, but if it is something you'd consider doing, setting up a registry at your wedding for friends and family to donate money to your honeymoon can be a great way to make it more affordable. In place of a wedding gifts, it allows your loved-ones to contribute as little or as much to your dream trip as they'd like.
Getty
3. Travel outside peak season
Presuming you're not tied to school holidays or the milestone dates of a UK calendar (think Christmas and Easter weekend), travelling out of season can be so much cheaper.
"Traveling during their quieter holiday periods means many hotels will substantially reduce their rates in order to improve their occupancy. For many long haul destinations, it's actually cheapest to travel there when short haul destinations are at their most expensive."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
4. Secure your holiday with just a small deposit
Seeing as booking holidays earlier makes them cheaper overall, securing your dream trip from £150pp (via Emirates) in advance means you can bag the deal and not have to commit big amounts of money all at once.
"With the balance only due ten weeks before you travel, there's the added bonus that you can guarantee your final price now at relatively little cost, then save up for the vast majority of the cost of your holiday over a longer period which helps plan and budget your finances", Niel comments.
Getty
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
5. Be flexible and choose to depart between Monday – Thursday
"Travelling on a Friday, Saturday or Sunday can incur a weekend supplement", Niel adds. Avoid the extra cost by "simply moving your holiday a couple of days either side of the weekend. The other benefit of travelling on a Thursday evening and returning on a Monday is that you can extend your time away to 11 days by only taking two more days off work than you would for the normal 7-night holiday.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
6. Investigate honeymoon packages
Some hotels and travel agents offer honeymoon packages, which will include specific add-ons and experiences that are perfect for newlyweds. Even if couples massages aren't up your street, it's worth considering the discounted options open to you, and whether it's worth paying a bit more to have some nice things booked in.
Getty
7. Go somewhere with a good exchange rate
You'd be surprised how many people don't consider this when they're going on holiday, but when your honeymoon is going to be an extravagance, you want to get the most for your money. Short list the different locations you'd consider booking, and then use a currency converter to see how much local currency you'd get for your GBP.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
8. Book add-ons in advance
Not only is advanced payment often cheaper, but it means you won't face as many surprising costs that you hadn't budgeted for while you're there.
"Many hotels include a huge range of truly amazing bars and restaurants within their Half Board and All Inclusive options, so upgrading your board can be a real treat and great value. Similarly avoid the hassle of finding your local currency then queuing for a taxi after a long flight by pre-booking a private transfer, also available at a zero deposit for earlier bookers."
9. Don't keep it a secret
We've all seen that episode of Friends, haven't we? Make like Chandler and Monica and shout about your wedding (maybe not about what Aunt Julie did, though..) on your travels, because you never know who might be able to offer you an upgrade or a free bottle of Champagne.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:07 California still working on getting young voters to cast ballots
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
Stocks at record levels after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
A step back in time to the Jurassic period courtesy of an ever popular children's toy has proved to be one of Preston's most successful events.
Unfortunately for those who missed out, the Brick Dinos exhibition at the Harris Museum is now extinct but not before it attracted around 40,000 visitors.
Cultural bosses at the town hall are hoping it is a sign of things to come in terms of a golden period at the iconic venue
Coun Peter Kelly, cabinet member for culture and leisure, said: “Brick Dinos has been our most successful exhibition yet in terms of visitors, attracting almost 40,000 people – that works out at more than 600 per day. The feedback from families was absolutely fantastic.
“They really enjoyed the different elements and range of hands-on activities on offer.”
The exhibition, which ran from July, taking in the school holidays, featured both life-size and miniature dinosaurs made from toy blocks.
All were created with pain-staking detail by palaeontologist and artist Warren Elsmore and his team who have taken the models all over the country in recent years.
It proved to be a hit both with youngsters and adults alike with a whole host of models on display complimented by an interactive room where visitors could take part in a mock archaeological dig.
Visitors immediately came face-to-face with a life-size Masiakasaurus and those brave enough to venture close enough were greeted with a load roar from the scary creature.
Families also had the chance to see whether they could all fit inside a huge dinosaur footprint along with handy guides to learn about dinosaur life.
The Harris recently secured a five-year funding plan boost from the Arts Council but missed out on a once in a generation handout of £10m from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF).
Coun Kelly and colleagues from the Re-Imagining Harris project at the museum have previously said successful exhibitions and increasing visitor footfall will help in future bids for HLF funding.
He added: “Attracting new audiences into the Harris is very important for us, which is why a variety of exhibitions are on offer throughout the building. We also held two autism-friendly sessions for the first time which went down very well.”
VCU landed one of the best transfers available on Monday as Rice guard Marcus Evans pledged to the Rams. The 6-foot-2 Evans is a native of Chesapeake, Virginia as he'll be returning closer to home to finish out his college career. Evans will have to sit out next season due to NCAA transfer regulations before getting two more seasons of eligibility with VCU.
Evans scored 1,350 points at Rice over the last two seasons as he was one of the best players in Conference USA. As a sophomore last season, Evans averaged 19.0 points, 3.7 assists and 3.3 rebounds per game as he shot 42 percent from the field and 37 percent from three-point range.
With more help around him, Evans should be counted on to be an immediate impact scorer in the Atlantic 10 as he's an important recruiting win for new head coach Mike Rhoades.
Rhoades previously recruited Evans to Rice and coached him the past two seasons, so there should be an immediate comfort level between the two.
A French jihadist who spent 18 months with the Islamic State (IS) armed group in Iraq and Syria was jailed for 10 years on Monday. Nicolas Moreau refused to appear in court to hear the verdict and had earlier warned that he would "take up arms again" if he received a stiff sentence.
The court in Paris gave 32-year-old Moreau, a former fishermen and repeat offender, the maximum sentence after finding him guilty of association with a terrorist enterprise, ordering that he must serve at least two-thirds of it.
He had refused to attend court to hear the sentence.
Although he criticised IS for "brainwashing" and practising torture during his trial in December, the prosecutor warned that he was "extremely dangerous" and would probably revert to his "jihadist commitment" when released.
And Moreau told the court "If you give me a stiff sentence it will be more difficult to reintegrate me; I will take up arms again."
He went to join IS in January 2014 and remained in the region until June 2016, even opening a restaurant in its stronghold, Raqa, with his "war booty".
Brother of first French jihadist sentenced
His brother, Flavien Moreau, was the first jihadist to be convicted in France in November 2014 but received a lighter sentence having only spent a few weeks in IS-held territory.
Nicolas Moreau was born in South Korea and adopted by a French couple at the age of four.
He turned to crime after his adoptive parents divorced, converting to Islam while in prison.
Some 700 French nationals are currently fighting in IS's ranks in Iraq and Syria, mainly in Mosul, which Iraqi forces are recapturing from the Islamist movement.
On a visit to Iraq Monday, French President François Hollande declared that "Action against terrorism here in Iraq is also a way of preventing terrorist acts on our own soil."
Two people and a dog are dead inside a Tamarac home, Broward Sheriff's detectives said on May 30, 2018. Miami Herald File
They are Mr Joseph Osei Owusu, the First Deputy of Speaker and Member of Parliament (MP) for Bekwai who appeared before the committee on Wednesday morning.
The five-member ad-hoc committee formed to investigate bribery allegations against some members of the Appointments Committee of Parliament has shortlisted four witnesses for public hearing.
Others are Alhaji Mubarak Mohammed Muntaka, the Minority Chief Whip and MP for Asawasi, Mr Mahama Ayariga, MP for Bawku Central and Mr Boakye Agyarko, the Energy Minister
Mr Joe Ghartey, Chairman of the committee who made this known at the first public hearing on Wednesday which was telecast live said any other member of the committee who has any information that would be useful to the committee should submit a memorandum by Friday.
“Upon receipt of the memoranda we will decide whether it is necessary to call that person as a witness or we shall just examine the memoranda that the person has submitted and prepare our report,” he said.
He explained that the committee has already met a number of times and Wednesday's meeting was only the public hearing part of the work and that they have decided to call four witnesses.
After Wednesday's meeting, they would meet again on Friday.
Background
Parliament formed the committee following allegations by the MP for Bawku Central, Mr Mahama Ayariga that the Energy Minister, Mr Boakye Agyarko attempted bribing Minority members on the Appointments Committee with Gh¢3,000 each with the aim to influence his approval as Minister.
Mr Ayariga further claimed that the money was handed to the Minority Chief Whip, Alhaji Mubarak Mohammed Muntaka by the Chairman of the Appointments Committee, Mr Joseph Osei Owusu for onward disbursement, a claim both have denied.
Mr Ayariga together with two of his colleagues, Mr Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa and Mr Alhassan Suhuyini subsequently petitioned the Speaker of Parliament to investigate the claims.
The ad-hoc committee is chaired by the MP for Essikado-Ketan, Mr Joe Ghartey who is also a Minister in charge of Railways Development.
The four other members are Mr Ben Abdallah, Mrs Abena Durowaa Mensah, Mr Magnus Kofi Amoateng and Mr Benson Tongo Baba.
The terms of reference of the committee is to establish whether the First Deputy Speaker, Mr Joseph Osei Owusu took money from the Energy Minister, Mr Boakye Agyarko and gave it to the Minority Chief Whip, Alhaji Mubarak Mohammed Muntaka to the distributed to Members of the Appointments Committee.
It is also to establish whether there was an attempt to bribe Members of the Appointments Committee and to look into the merits of the complaints and assertions made by the First Deputy Speaker, Mr Joseph Osei Owusu about the matter.
Writer's email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Follow @enochfrimpong
LANCASTER, PA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) -
Aspire Ventures introduces its adaptive artificial intelligence platform, A 2 I, which self-assembles and self-optimizes algorithms for any business case
Tempo Health, an Aspire portfolio company offering a smarter way to manage diabetes, announces results of observational trial with Netherlands-based Diabeter, one of Europe's largest specialized treatment centers for type 1 diabetes in children and young adults
Results of a small observational indicated that Tempo Health's Rhythm system -- based on A 2 I -- was found to considerably increase time in range and decrease time in hypoglycemia compared to results obtained by an experienced team of doctors
Diabeter to present findings of the trial at the ATTD 2017 conference in Paris on February 15-18
Aspire Ventures today highlighted the role of its groundbreaking proprietary adaptive artificial intelligence platform, A2I, in an observational trial with Diabeter, one of Europe's largest specialized treatment centers for type 1 diabetes in children and young adults. Diabeter's doctors routinely achieve some of the best results in the world in terms of managing diabetes, and the conclusion of the study authored by the Diabeter doctors is that use of A2I would potentially significantly improve on the doctors' already world-class diabetes management results.
A2I is the backbone of the Rhythm system developed by Tempo Health, an Aspire portfolio company offering a smarter way to manage diabetes, with the Rhythm system achieving improvement of glycemic control compared to traditional monitoring in the observational trial conducted by Tempo Health and Diabeter. Diabeter, a Dutch diabetes care organization owned by Medtronic, will present the findings of the trial at the ATTD 2017 conference in Paris, France from February 15-18. Diabeter participates in several technological studies that will help improve the lives of people with diabetes.
Through the A2I platform and its ability to provide ultra-personalized, predictive blood glucose management and predictions, Tempo Health developed the closed-loop Rhythm system. This system forecasts and manages blood glucose levels of people with diabetes, based only on non-invasive biometric sensors and artificial intelligence. By leveraging personalized blood glucose prediction models that adapted to each of the eight patients that participated in the Tempo Health/Diabeter trial, Tempo Health found that in seven of the eight patients, Rhythm alone would have been able to achieve a 20 percent increase in time in range, and a 9 percent reduction in lows, as compared to the actual results achieved by active "control tower" monitoring by focused and experienced doctors and their diabetes teams using patient-activated remote monitoring.
"We were highly encouraged by the results of the observational trial we conducted with Tempo Health, as they offer a positive outlook for potential improvement of treatment in people with diabetes across the world," said Dr. Dick Mul, pediatric endocrinologist for Diabeter. "The results of this observational trial imply that the Rhythm system, using only a non-invasive biometric sensor and the Rhythm application powered by A2I, might be a tool for increasing the accuracy of blood glucose predictions in patients on CSII. The good news from the trial results is that both time in range increased and time in hypoglycemia decreased. This can be achieved without the direct need for additional or constantly invasive continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) devices and might help to reduce the need for active manual remote monitoring by a clinician. This is important, as currently not all our patients will yet be able to use sophisticated technological sensor-augmented insulin pump systems."
This technology has now been applied in patients with type 1 diabetes. Together with type 2 diabetes, these two diseases account for an aggregated annual direct medical cost of $176 billion (2012) in the United States, largely due to diabetic complications and associated hospital admissions. Essential in preventing these admissions and debilitating complications is a strict control of blood glucose values with prevention of dangerous low values (hypoglycemia). However, studies show that only one third of type 1 patients achieve a target level of glucose control that keeps them relatively safe from such complications. Applying technology that matters is fully in line with the value-based healthcare mission both Diabeter and Aspire Ventures believe in. Diabeter has and will publish data on the Diabeter methods with extensive use of eHealth, resulting in better outcomes and very low admission rates. Rhythm and A2I technology will further help even more patients reach or go below their target level of glucose control, thereby reducing the burdens of diabetes, including costs.
A2I uses a vast number of algorithms for relentless self-optimization, and through the platform Aspire Ventures helps its companies move to market faster with more precise and more personal results. A2I can utilize any type of data -- from text to video to biometrics -- and by drawing from a massive library of analytical components, A2I assembles, optimizes and combines components from multiple algorithms to build the best possible adaptive algorithm. A2I is the technology that is helping Aspire Ventures drive healthcare initiatives that are designed to break down silos, foster innovation and integration, and effect revolutionary change.
"Transforming healthcare for the better has been one of the main goals of Aspire Ventures from the beginning, and organizations like Tempo Health and Diabeter share our vision for making precision medicine a key to unlocking patient-centric healthcare," said Sam Abadir, Group Manager of Aspire Universal and CEO of Aspire Ventures. "The results of this trial suggest that with one virtual arm tied behind A2I's back -- as the technology didn't have access to all of the data the doctors gleaned from the invasive blood glucose monitor -- its algorithms were able to out-perform the best diabetes doctors in the world in terms of predicting and managing blood sugar. Our hope is that the A2I technology can positively impact clinicians' daily lives so they're able to spend more quality time with more patients -- with the creation of better patient outcomes as the unwavering goal."
Dr. Mul will present the in-depth findings of the Tempo Health/Diabeter trial at the ATTD 2017 conference in Paris, France from February 15-18. To learn more about ATTD 2017, please visit http://attd2017.com/.
About Aspire Ventures
Aspire Ventures, an Aspire Universal Company (www.aspireuniversal.com), is a private equity firm focused on transforming industries and impact investment. Aspire Ventures leverages its capital, intellectual property and domain expertise to help bring breakthrough technologies to market faster and more cost effectively for the benefit of people worldwide.
Aspire Ventures has developed A2I, an adaptive artificial intelligence platform, to help its portfolio companies offer innovative technologies in the areas of mobile, cloud, machine learning, and big data analytics for a variety of industry sectors, most notably healthcare. Aspire Ventures is leading several initiatives in healthcare designed to break down silos, foster innovation and integration, and effect revolutionary change, and the company's vision for healthcare is a patient-centered model that is focused on creating a better patient experience through precision medicine.
Aspire Ventures is based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. For more information please visit https://www.aspirevc.com/home.
Follow us on Twitter @AspireUniversal
About Diabeter
Diabeter is a focused clinic for (type-1) diabetes headquartered in Rotterdam, Netherlands. As a cure for diabetes is yet lacking, its mission is to alleviate and prevent diabetes and its acute and chronic complications. This mission requires constant improvements in care, implementation of new technology and eHealth, with transparency on its outcomes and a clear value-addition for its patients. In this value-based healthcare concept, Diabeter also functions as a research and education center for two pediatric university clinics and has four satellite offices in the Netherlands. Diabeter is owned by Medtronic, but has a formal clinical and scientific independency. More on www.diabeter.nl.
Follow us on Twitter @DiabeterNL
The Comptroller-General of Customs, retired Col. Hameed Ali has charged the recently promoted officers of the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) to see their new ranks as call to greater service.
Performing the decoration of the five new Deputy Comptrollers-General (DCGs) and eight Assistant Comptrollers-General (ACGs) with their new ranks in Abuja, Ali said that their promotion was based on merit.
The new DCGs include Aminu Dangaladima, Augustine Chidi, Sule Alu, Patience Iferi and Ronke Olubiyi.
Also, the newly appointed ACGs include Talatu Isa, Benjamin Abeg, Ladan Hamza, Kaycee Ekekezie, Aminu Dahi.
He said that the appointment was a call to greater service to the nation.
Ali said that promotion in the NCS was based on experience and hard work, adding that for an officer to get to the position of ACG or DCG, the individual would have gone through thick and thin.
“This is the first time in the NCS we are abiding by the Beijing conference resolution.
“Today out of the 18 Customs management members of NCS, we have six women and out of the six DCGs we have two women.
“To whom much is given much is expected; the weight is not in the rank but the responsibility. These ranks will propel you to do more in the service.
“I must confess that this is the first time that I will take responsibility for full selection of my members of the management.
“And what that means therefore is that the failure of the management is the failure of Ali because I selected this team. I hope and pray that you will not let me down.
“We as a team will continue to propel, move the service forward and we will continue to serve this country in the best interest of the nation.
“The NCS is the only service I know that touches virtually the lives of everybody in the area of trade facilitation, revenue generation and security and wellbeing of Nigerians.
“We thank this great nation for giving us the opportunity and permission to serve,” Ali said.
The CG recalled that at the last World Customs Organisation (WCO) council meeting, one of the things that were promoted was equal gender representation in the service.
He said that WCO advocated for equality between women and men in the service.
“I will be glad to tell the Secretary General of WCO that NCS was the first to have met the criteria,'' Ali said.
The last few years have been difficult ones for hay producers, regardless if someone is producing hay to feed to their own stock or producing it for sale to the public. The economics of hay production have drastically increased in the last several years. Striving to produce the best quality possible makes sense with high production costs.
It seems to make good “cents” to concentrate on the factors that improve overall quality of hay. The five major factors that affect forage quality – not yield – include maturity, crop species, harvest and storage, environment and soil fertility.
Maturity of the plants or harvest date is the most important factor affecting forage quality. Plants continually change in forage quality as they mature. As plant cell wall content increases, indigestible lignin accumulates. In fact, forage plant maturity changes so rapidly that it is possible to measure significant declines in forage quality every two or three days.
Crop species or differences in forage quality between grasses and legumes can be large. The protein content of legumes is typically much higher than that of grasses, and legume fiber tends to digest faster than grass fiber, allowing livestock to eat more of the legume.
Harvest and storage – loss of leaves means lower quality. Methods of cutting, teddering and baling can impact quality. Improper harvest techniques can seriously reduce forage quality, primarily through the loss of leaves. Storing a hay crop at an incorrect moisture content or improper ensiling of a forage crop can dramatically lower its quality.
Environment or moisture, temperature and the amount of sunlight influence forage quality. Rain damage is very destructive to forage quality. When bad weather delays harvesting, the forage crop becomes more mature and hence lower in quality. High temperatures may increase lignin accumulation and decrease quality, but drought stress may actually benefit quality by delaying maturity.
Soil fertility affects forage yield much more than it does quality. While it is possible to produce high-quality forage on poor, unproductive soils, it is generally difficult to produce high yields of high quality forage with an unproductive soil resource. It is necessary to balance soil fertility to avoid mineral imbalances
After decades of breeding forages for yield and persistence, attention is being giving to developing or identifying varieties with improved quality. Variety or cultivar can affect forage quality, but not as greatly as the other five factors.
It is difficult to judge hay quality without having a chemical analysis to determine protein, carbohydrates, digestibility and relative nutritional value. A hay analysis can provide valuable information when making feed choices throughout the year. The best time to have the hay sampled is just after baling, while hay is scattered throughout the field. This allows for sampling of bales, which will give a good representative analysis of the overall hay quality. Forage analysis is inexpensive at $17 per sample. Contact your county agent for additional information and the best methods of collecting a good, representative hay sample.
For more information, contact the UT-TSU Extension Office in Wilson County at 615-444-9584. You can also find us on Facebook or visit extension.tennessee.edu/wilson. Ruth Correll, UT Extension-TSU Cooperative Extension agent in Wilson County, may be reached at 615-444-9584 or acorrell@utk.edu.
Hungary has quietly closed its borders to nearly all asylum seekers, which human rights advocates say violates international laws and is stranding thousands of refugee families in Serbia.
NPR interviewed asylum seekers, refugee advocates and a lawyer all with direct knowledge of the near closure and the resulting panic and despair. They report that since Jan. 22, Hungary is allowing only one asylum seeker per day to cross from Serbia into each of its two "transit zones."
The widely criticized zones – surrounded by barbed wire and dotted with shipping containers configured into living space — are the only places asylum seekers entering Hungary are allowed to go unless they already have refugee status from another EU country. U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi last September likened the transit zones to detention centers and called on Hungary to improve access for asylum seekers.
Now, access is reduced to two people per day. Critics of Hungarian refugee policy say what the government of Prime Minister Viktor Orban and his ruling Fidesz Party is trying to do is boost approval ratings before parliamentary elections on April 8. They've adopted an anti-refugee platform that's been shaken by the recent revelation that Hungarian authorities approved twice as many asylum applications in 2017 than the year before.
The near closure of the border "is absolutely unbelievable," said Marta Pardavi, co-chair of the Hungarian Helsinki Committee. "This means only unaccompanied minors or single men can get in – no families whatsoever."
Government denies imposing limits
The Hungarian government denies it is imposing any limit, but acknowledged few asylum seekers were entering the country as of late. At a weekly government press conference yesterday in Budapest, Janos Lazar, the head of the Hungarian prime minister's office, said immigration authorities can't help it if asylum seekers don't want to come.
"There is no such rule that they can take in one daily," he said. "But if there's [only] one man standing there, why should 10 customs officer[s] sit there?"
His claim of few takers is improbable given there are thousands of people trying to get into Hungary at the moment from Serbia.
UNHCR last month reported 4,196 new refugees, asylum-seekers in migrants in Serbia, of whom only one in nine are looking to stay there.
The NPR team interviewed three Hungary-bound asylum seekers in Serbia Friday alone.
One Afghan man who was walking with his 2 ½-year-old daughter to buy milk at a grocery store in Subotica, a 20-minute drive from the Serbian border with Hungary, said he's been waiting for four months at a refugee camp funded by Germany and that used to be a dog shelter.
"Everyone is afraid"
"All of us here are in despair. We are ready to scream, we are so upset. Our fates are unclear," he said, asking we not identify him or his family after a Serbian police officer drove up and harassed him for talking to NPR. He, his young daughter and 12-year-old son are trying to reunite with his wife, who is an asylum seeker in Frankfurt and who hasn't seen her children or husband in two years.
Fellow camp residents Sheerali Rezaie and his wife, Fatimeh, said they are at their wits' end. Going back to their volatile province of Daykundi in Afghanistan is out of the question and they have no choice but to keep trying to get to Hungary, he said. The couple, who were taking their daily walk outside the compound, are also trying to get to Germany with their two sons. Their eldest son is 23 and living in Munich, where he's applied for asylum, they said.
"This camp is hell," Sheerali Rezaie said. "The food is bad and there's nothing for us here."
He said now that only two people are being allowed into Hungary, "Everyone is afraid. We worry they'll close the gates forever and say, 'good-bye, take off.' "
Decline in asylum seekers since September 2015
Timea Kovacs, a Hungarian lawyer who represents refugees in the transit zones, said she's been bombarded with text messages and emails from asylum seekers stranded in Serbia since the near closure began.
They "are very worried," especially the families, she said. "Some of them were waiting there for more than one year."
She and the refugee advocates say the decline in the number of asylum seekers allowed into Hungary has been gradual since Budapest built its first fence in September 2015 to stem the flow of migrants crossing its formerly open border with Serbia.
Since then, the fence has been reinforced multiple times. It is a daunting barrier, outfitted with barbed wire, heat sensors, video cameras, and armed police patrols that quickly detect any attempted breech.
Kovacs says most asylum seekers now appear to accept the only way in is to enter the two transit zone camps outside the Hungarian border towns of Tompa and Roezske.
But those opportunities are dwindling. In 2016, 60 asylum seekers total were allowed to enter each day into the Hungarian transit zones; then it was reduced to 30. Last year it was 10, and now it's two.
In the highly dynamic restaurant industry, marketing means more than simply updating signage and distributing flyers. Whether you're using digital media or traditional tactics, the marketing game for restaurants has changed—and continues to evolve.
Restaurateurs and marketers need to find the sweet spot with an offline presence, a digital presence, and memorable dine-in experience, according to an infographic by Oddle, an online ordering system for restaurants.
And having a digital presence means more than keeping an updated website. Optimizing for search, maintaining an email newsletter, and even setting up online ordering are all part of the main course, the infographic explains.
That's because some 80% of people look up a restaurant online before visiting for the first time, according the infographic, so it's not a space restaurants can ignore.
For more on how to manage the trifecta of your diners' offline, online, and in-store experiences, check out the infographic:
On Monday, Senator Bernie Sanders backed out of an interview with Vermont newspaper, Seven Days, after the paper refused to accept conditions set by his staff.
Sanders backed out of the interview after Daniel McLean, the Senator's spokesman, called the reporter Sunday night and attempted to set the conditions that any questions about “political gossip” or Sanders' family were not to be discussed.
Jane Sanders, Bernie's wife, has notably been under federal scrutiny due to possible bank fraud following a land deal negotiated when she was president of Burlington College in Vermont in 2010.
Although Sanders reneged on the interview which was originally set after an airport press conference on Monday, Seven Days still attended and had a quick exchange of words with the Senator:
…The senator walked away from the podium, gathered his belongings and walked toward the airport's security screening area. “Hey, Senator, do you have time for that interview?” Seven Days called after him. “Pardon me?” Sanders asked. “Do you have time for that interview that we've been talking about?” Seven Days repeated. “No,” the senator said as he handed his ticket and identification to a Transportation Security Administration officer. “Not right now.” “You think you could make time at some point in the coming weeks?” Seven Days pressed. “Well, as I think Dan indicated, we talk about issues. We don't talk about gossip,” Sanders said. “And anybody who wants to talk to me about real issues, I'm happy to—” “That's precisely what I want to talk with you about,” Seven Days interjected. “So will you make time, then, to talk about real issues?” “What'd I just say?” the senator asked. “Well, we've been asking for almost three years now for an interview,” Seven Days responded. “I don't talk to gossip columnists,” the senator shot back. “I talk about issues.” “I have lots of questions for you about the issues,” Seven Days called out to Sanders as the senator walked away. “But we don't accept conditions from politicians in exchange for interviews. Not a policy at Seven Days.”
The final quote, which concludes Seven Days' stellar article, perfectly encapsulates the sheer insanity of Senator Sanders' pompous and holier-than-thou attitude…
For some reason, Bernie Sanders thinks he can still masquerade as against the Establishment…
…after being totally bought out by them!
He was cheated out of the “Democratic” primaries… but endorsed Crooked Hillary by the end of it. Since the election, he's become nothing but a mouthpiece to obstruct and impede Trump on behalf of the same “billionaire class” he posits the President sold us out to.
Instead of facing the reality that Trump's proposed tax reform helps families across the board, Sanders attempts to mislead and spread false information. Instead of behaving as the tolerant and intelligent left; it seems all Sanders is capable of anymore is projection.
Bernie Sanders is steeped in sin and ignores reality in lieu of emotive pandering. We may have dodged a bullet in avoiding Clinton as President, but Sanders could have been even worse…
Nike Popoola Mutual Benefits Assurance Plc says it has engaged the services of KPMG to channel new focus for its organisation in the next five years to reposition the company for future opportunities and challenges. The Managing Director, Mutual Benefits, Mr. Segun Omosehin, said this during a recent brokers' evening organized by the Nigerian Registered […]
The post Mutual Benefits gets five-year plan appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — A new poll released Monday shows New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon, who declared her run to challenge the Democrat as he seeks a third term in office.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon said via Twitter.
Her campaign fundraising website declares the former “Sex and the City” actor “…hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll.
Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.
Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.
According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon “is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco.”
Molinaro plans to formally kick off his campaign April 2, several weeks after he began getting the support of local GOP leaders upon telling them he was running. Republicans are expected to select a candidate at their state convention in May.
Cuomo's favorability rating slipped slightly from the previous month, with 52 percent of voters saying they had a favorable view of the governor compared to 40 percent who were unfavorable. A February Siena poll had Cuomo's favorability rating at 53 percent, down from 62 percent the previous month.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The poll has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Thor Kelly Jr. tripled to lead North Scranton to a 15-3 win over Carbino Club in a District 32 9-11 all-star baseball game Tuesday.
Antonio Keys had a double and Jason Selemba had two hits for North Scranton and Gabe White struck out seven to earn the win.
North Scranton will host Green Ridge in the winners' bracket final Thursday at 7:30 p.m. Carbino Club will play Archbald in an elimination game at 5:30 p.m. at North Scranton.
Green Ridge 6, Archbald 5
At Green Ridge, Jackson Keating hit a pair of doubles to lead Green Ridge.
Thomas Bartlebaugh had two hits and Henry Bartlebaugh doubled in support of winning pitcher Owen Farro.
Colin Kearney tripled for Archbald and Ethan Williams had a double.
District 32 Little League baseball
Zach Cwalinski homered and Zach Smith had two hits to lead Carbino Club to an 8-3 win over Archbald.
Brayden Davis had two doubles for Archbald and Chris Savkov also doubled.
Carbino Club will play Green Ridge in the winners' bracket final Thursday at 7:30 p.m. at Connell Park. Archbald will play North Scranton in an elimination game at 5:30 p.m. at Connell Park.
Green Ridge 14
North Scranton 7
At Scott Twp., Chase Scanlan homered to lead Green Ridge.
Craig Pabst tripled for the winners and Kyle Rupp had two hits.
A.J. Levandoski, Jimmy Snyder and Brian Kellogg each had two hits for North Scranton.
Section 5
Little League softball
Maura Mihalka hit a two-run single in the top of the sixth inning to give Pittston Area a 3-2 win over Tripp Park in the winners' bracket final.
Cassie Hintze had two hits for Pittston Area and Gianna Adams struck out 12 to earn the win.
Mia Butka struck out 10 for Tripp Park and also had three hits.
Tripp Park will play Back Mountain in the elimination bracket final on Thursday at 5:30 p.m. at Old Forge.
Back Mountain 4, Old Forge 0
At Old Forge, winning pitcher Victoria Spaciano had six strikeouts and also had two hits, including a double, to lead Back Mountain in an elimination game.
Eliza Distasi had two hits for Old Forge.
District 17
8-10 baseball
Jake Reese and Josh Kalinowski each had two hits to lead North Pocono to a 7-5 win over Old Forge on Monday.
Garrett Chillot earned the win on the mound.
Cam Krushnowski had four hits for Old Forge and Ryan DeMarco and Cam Parker each had two hits.
Dunmore 21
West Scranton 11
At Old Forge on Monday, Carter Grande, Carter Sload and Braden Canaver each had two hits to lead Dunmore.
Evan Mizenko earned the win on the mound.
Kyle Steven and Tyler Scotch each had two hits for West Scranton.
District 32
8-10 baseball
Winning pitcher Frank Church struck out 10 to lead Wallenpaupack to an 11-1 win over Carbondale on Monday.
Greg VanGorder, Ben Anderson, Johnathan Longhenry and Thomas Kiersted each had one hit for Wallenpaupack.
Liam Hebner and Nick Andidora had a hit for Carbondale.
Olyphant 12
Western Wayne 2
At Olyphant on Monday, winning pitcher Joey Connolly struck out nine and had two hits, including a triple, to lead Olyphant.
Brett Yanoski had two hits for the winners.
The Pennsylvania SPCA removed 15 dogs from the home of an alleged unlicensed breeder in Lancaster County last week after it received a tip that dogs were being illegally debarked. The group found that three dogs, including Rosella shown here, had been debarked by someone who had pushed a pipe-like object down their throats multiple times. Courtesy of Pennsylvania SPCA
New York Yankees pitcher Masahiro Tanaka throws in the first inning of a spring baseball exhibition game against the Detroit Tigers, Saturday, March 17, 2018, in Lakeland, Fla. John Raoux AP Photo
In the new clip, our favorite family heads to Tokyo for a wedding that was in the works when the first half of season three wrapped earlier this fall. But there is some question about exactly how smoothly the nuptials will go, which is suggested by the sight of somebody spying on a proposal from the bushes and DJ jumping off a waterfall in her dress.
Just a few months after Netflix brought Fuller House back for the first half of its third season, the program is ready to share another nine new episodes, and from the look of the trailer, it might be the most dramatic stretch of stories yet.
Fuller House follows some of the original characters from Full House now that they're all grown up and have families of their own, and while actors like John Stamos and Bob Saget make occasional appearances—including in the to-be-released episodes, according to the clip shared by the streaming giant—a lot has happened since the first series aired, and the two are actually pretty different from one another.
For those who love the original series or who have been binge watching the updated Fuller House, there will clearly still be plenty of laughs, love, and sweet moments in the final parts of the season, but be prepared for plenty of surprises as well. Who knew this beloved TV family would face so much drama?
The second half of season three of Fuller House is set to premiere on Netflix on December 22. Speaking of popular shows from years past, listen to a classic episode of Fuse's Besterday podcast about all things throwback!
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Some are calling it Southwest Florida's Dust Bowl.
Residents in a Grove City neighborhood in Charlotte County say a massive construction project is causing dust and dirt to blow into their homes, forcing some to leave.
Scott Myers and his wife Kathy live on Smith Street but have now left due to the dirt. They took photos of it covering their bathroom sink, their floors, and some furniture.
"We have an entire neighborhood that is just covered in dirt," Myers said. "Through the windows, through the floors. You can't sleep in a bed. The whole house is covered in dirt and dust."
Recent windy days didn't help either. Some people like John Warner are sticking it out but say it's not been easy on their health.
"There's nothing to keep the dirt and wind from just blowing into our houses," Warner said.
Neighbors say they've had few answers from the developer, H&H Construction, only that the company has the permits to build homes on that land.
A call to them was not returned.
The project is about 200 acres off Placida Road and will eventually be homes. Tractors have been clearing the land over the past few months. It used to be a wooded area.
Myers said the company offered to put a screen up during the work, but they have yet to see it.
"They won't stop burying us. They just won't stop, and we can't make them stop," Myers said.
Seacoast Commerce Banc Holdings in San Diego has been a big Small Business Administration lender in recent years — but it has plans to get even bigger.
The $939 million-asset parent of Seacoast Commerc Bank is setting its sights on reaching $400 million in annual SBA production in coming years, spurred by a nationwide expansion plan, said President and CEO Richard Sanborn. Such volume would represent a 45% increase over its originations during the SBA's last fiscal year, which ended Sept. 30.
To that end, Seacoast recently hired Don Mercer as it national sales manager. In that role, Mercer is responsible for hiring roughly a dozen business development officers around the country.
“Our plan is for [Mercer] to take us to more of a national footprint,” Sanborn said. “We're not looking to go into any particular states. … We want to find the right people and wherever they are, we'll set up an office.”
Focusing on California and surrounding states, Seacoast has originated more than $250 million in 7(a) loans in each of SBA's past three fiscal years.
The move is sure to accelerate loan growth, though it could also test the company's underwriting as the new lenders make more loans beyond the bank's home turf. At Dec. 31, nonperforming assets totaled just 0.56% of total assets at Dec. 31.
Over the history of its 7(a) involvement, which includes more than 1,600 loans and $1.5 billion in originations, Seacoast has foreclosed on only five of those loans and, on a net basis, hasn't "lost a dime," Sanborn said.
Seacoast's track record with credit quality is “phenomenal” said Bob Coleman, publisher of the Coleman Report, a prominent newsletter for small-business lenders, adding that a nationwide expansion should pose little risk “if managed prudently.”
Seacoast believes it can manage risk. For starters, the company confines its 7(a) lending to credits backed by real estate, Sanborn said.
“We don't do anything unsecured,” he said. “We don't do work capital. We don't do equipment. We don't do business acquisition. [Everything] we do is first-lien, real-estate secured.”
While the narrow scope may appear self-limiting to some observers, it provides an ideal springboard for nationwide expansion, Sanborn said.
“We're basically a manufacturing company,” he said. “It's the same product, the same process, the same underwriting. … From that standpoint, going to a national platform isn't going to change our back office at all.”
Having quality borrowers has helped, too.
“These are small business owners,” Sanborn said. “Their businesses are their lives. They'll let their houses go, because if they have to they can live in their buildings. … They're committed to making their businesses work, so they make their payments.”
Still, competition for 7(a) loans will be intense. The expansion comes at a time when the 7(a) program keeps drawing more interest. Fiscal-year 2018 originations through Jan. 26 are up 17% from a year earlier, to $8.7 billion.
“A lot of lenders are gearing up” for more growth, Coleman said. “The 7(a) program has grown 67% in the past seven years — and it's not showing any signs of slowing.”
Seacoast, more than most banks, has hitched its fortunes to 7(a) lending; SBA credits make up about half of its $776 million loan portfolio, excluding loans sold on the secondary market.
“If we could hold every single 7(a) loan we produce, we would,” said Seacoast CEO Richard Sanborn.
While Seacoast's recent $54 million purchase of Capital Bank in San Juan Capistrano, Calif., provided access to new businesses such as specialty real estate development, the deal also added $150 million in SBA lending capacity.
“If we could hold every single 7(a) loan we produce, we would do that,” Sanborn said. Keeping a 7(a) loan on its books is much more profitable than selling one, he said.
Profits at Seacoast have increased from just $1 million in 2013 to $8.1 million last year, excluding one-time costs tied to the Capital acquisition and a write-down of the company's deferred tax asset following the passage of tax reform legislation.
If Seacoast's plan lives up to expectations, it will likely make the company a more tempting takeover target, but that doesn't bother Sanborn.
“We want to be able to grow a franchise and have something of tremendous value,” he said.
“At some point, someone is going to make us an offer and they're going to buy us," he added. "That just seems to be what happens in community banking. We need to build our bank in a way that we believe is going to provide the most value to shareholders down the road.”
Just about every TV in America will be tuned into one broadcast this Sunday. We know you're thinking it's the Deco Drive weekend edition, but we're talking about the Super Bowl. We'll let Steve “Shappie” Shapiro cover the highlights, while we give you a sneak peek of some of the best commercials airing during the big game.
Alexa: “It's 60 degrees, with a chance of *cough cough*…”
User: “Alexa?”
Oh, no! The comforting voice of Alexa is under the weather in Amazon's Super Bowl 52 commercial. And her replacements aren't exactly cutting it.
Gordon Ramsay: “You're 32 years of age, and you don't know how to make a grilled cheese sandwich?! Its name is the recipe, you BLEEP!”
User: “Alexa, how far is Mars?”
Cardi B: “Well, how am I supposed to know?! I've never been to Mars! This guy wants to go to Mars, haha! For what?!”
Coke and Pepsi have competing spots.
One preaches diversity…
Coke drinker 1: “There's a Coke for he.”
Coke drinker 2: “And she.”
Coke drinker 3: “And her.”
Coke drinker 4: “And me.”
While the other, narrated by Jimmy Fallon, takes a look at Pepsi's pop culture footprint.
Jimmy Fallon: “This is the Pepsi that Britney once popped!”
Medieval warrior 1: “We're saved!”
Medieval knight 1: “Yes!”
Medieval warrior 2: “Dilly dilly!”
Dilly dilly! Bud Light is going full “Game of Thrones” again, when the Bud Knight comes to save the day — kind of.
Medieval warrior 3: “Aren't you gonna fight with us?”
Bud Knight: “Oh, uh, a buddy of mine is having this 30th birthday thing.”
Medieval warrior 3: “Oh, yeah. That's understandable.”
Speaking of “Game of Thrones,” Peter Dinklage and Morgan Freeman battle on behalf of Doritos Blaze and Mountain Dew Ice.
And it's a safe bet we'll see plenty of car ads.
Lexus has “Black Panther's” Chadwick Boseman doing his thing, and Steven Tyler takes the 2018 Kia Stinger for a spin that's so epic, he turns back the clock decades!
Meanwhile, while on his motorcycle…
Keanu Reeves: “Why am I in the desert talking to myself?”
Keanu Reeves' face on the sky: “Don't ask me.”
Keanu Reeves: “OK.”
Keanu Reeves is getting some advice from himself in this trippy ad for website builder Squarespace.
And Bill Hader's mind is blown at the concept of stacking different flavors of Pringles on top of one another.
Bill Hader: “Wow!”
Michael J. Sielaff: “Wow!”
Bill Hader: “Wow!”
Sky Elobar: “Wow!”
Bill Hader: “Wowowow!”
Michael J. Sielaff: “Wow!”
Bill Hader: “Wow!”
Sky Elobar: “Wow!”
Kevin Garbee: “Wow, you can stack different flavors?!”
Bill Hader: “Nobody asked you, Kevin!
Classic Kevin.
M&M's first dropped a commercial for a commercial, showing Danny DeVito delightfully bathing in chocolate.
It could never have prepared us for the real ad…
Red M&M: “Sometimes I wish I were human.”
Danny DeVito: “Look at me! I'm human! Do you wanna eat me?
Passer-by 1: “No.
Danny DeVito: “Do you wanna eat me?”
Passer-by 2: “No, thanks.”
Danny DeVito: “No?”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times
Icahn: What is old is Newell again
This seems like a stretch, but you never know.
According to Life & Style, Miranda Lambert would like to pop out some babies with her boyfriend Evan Felker. They've only been dating a few months.
A source said, quote, "Miranda would love to have a baby with Evan. [She] would like him to be divorced first, but the truth is she doesn't care that it's not official yet. She's really happy with him and sees herself building a life and a family with him."
The source added that if Felker's divorce gets drawn out Lambert would get pregnant while he's still married, because, quote, "[She] is longing for a family of her own."
Today in History: Tuesday, Dec. 12
Last Updated: December 1, 2017 at 4:21 pm
627 – Battle of Nineveh: A Byzantine army under Emperor Heraclius defeats Emperor Khosrau II's Persian forces, commanded by General Rhahzadh.
884 – King Carloman II dies after a hunting accident. He is succeeded by his cousin, emperor Charles the Fat, who for the last time reunites the Frankish Empire.
1098 – First Crusade: Siege of Ma'arrat al-Numan: Crusaders breach the town's walls and massacre about 20,000 inhabitants. After finding themselves with insufficient food, they reportedly resort to cannibalism.
1388 – Mary of Enghien sells the lordship of Argos and Nauplia to the Republic of Venice.
1408 – The Order of the Dragon, a monarchical chivalric order, is created by Sigismund of Luxembourg, then king of Hungary.
1781 – American Revolutionary War: Second Battle of Ushant: A British fleet led by HMS Victory defeats a French fleet.
1787 – Pennsylvania becomes the second state to ratify the United States Constitution, five days after Delaware became the first.
1862 – American Civil War: USS Cairo sinks on the Yazoo River, becoming the first armored ship to be sunk by a controlled mine.
1866 – Oaks explosion: The worst mining disaster in England kills 361 miners and rescuers.
1870 – Joseph H. Rainey of South Carolina becomes the second black U.S. congressman, the first being Hiram Revels.
1897 – Belo Horizonte, the first planned city in Brazil, is founded.
1901 – Guglielmo Marconi receives the first transatlantic radio signal (the letter “S” [***] in Morse Code), at Signal Hill in St John's, Newfoundland.
1911 – Delhi replaces Calcutta as the capital of India.
1911 – King George V of the United Kingdom and Mary of Teck are enthroned as Emperor and Empress of India.
1915 – President of the Republic of China, Yuan Shikai, announces his intention to reinstate the monarchy and proclaim himself Emperor of China.
1917 – In Nebraska, Father Edward J. Flanagan founds Boys Town as a farm village for wayward boys.
1918 – The Flag of Estonia is raised atop the Pikk Hermann for the first time.
1925 – The Majlis of Iran votes to crown Reza Khan as the new Shah of Iran, starting the Pahlavi dynasty.
1935 – Lebensborn Project, a Nazi reproduction program, is founded by Heinrich Himmler.
1936 – Xi'an Incident: The Generalissimo of the Republic of China, Chiang Kai-shek, is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang.
1937 – Second Sino-Japanese War: USS Panay incident: Japanese aircraft bomb and sink U.S. gunboat USS Panay on the Yangtze river in China.
1939 – Winter War: Battle of Tolvajärvi: Finnish forces defeat those of the Soviet Union in their first major victory of the conflict.
1939 – HMS Duchess sinks after a collision with HMS Barham off the coast of Scotland with the loss of 124 men.
1940 – World War II: Approximately 70 people are killed in the Marples Hotel, Fitzalan Square, Sheffield, as a result of a German air raid.
1941 – World War II: Fifty-four Japanese A6M Zero fighters raid Batangas Field, Philippines. Jesús Villamor and four Filipino fighter pilots fend them off; César Basa is killed.
1941 – World War II: The United Kingdom declares war on Bulgaria. Hungary and Romania declare war on the United States. India declares war on Japan.
1941 – Adolf Hitler declares the imminent extermination of the Jews at a meeting in the Reich Chancellery
1942 – World War II: German troops begin Operation Winter Storm, an attempt to relieve encircled Axis forces during the Battle of Stalingrad.
1946 – A fire at an ice plant in Hudson Heights, Manhattan spreads to an adjacent tenement, killing 37 people.
1948 – Malayan Emergency: Batang Kali massacre: Fourteen members of the Scots Guards stationed in Malaya allegedly massacre 24 unarmed civilians and set fire to the village.
1950 – Paula Ackerman, the first woman appointed to perform rabbinical functions in the United States, leads the congregation in her first services.
1956 – Beginning of the Irish Republican Army's “Border Campaign”.
1963 – Kenya gains its independence from the United Kingdom.
1964 – Prime Minister Jomo Kenyatta becomes the first President of the Republic of Kenya.
1969 – Years of Lead: Piazza Fontana bombing: The offices of Banca Nazionale dell'Agricoltura in Piazza Fontana, Milan, are bombed.
1979 – Coup d'état of December Twelfth: South Korean Army Major General Chun Doo-hwan orders the arrest of Army Chief of Staff General Jeong Seung-hwa without authorization from President Choi Kyu-ha, alleging involvement in the assassination of ex-President Park Chung-hee.
1979 – President of Pakistan Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq confers Nishan-e-Imtiaz on Nobel laureate Dr Abdus Salam.
1979 – The unrecognised state of Zimbabwe-Rhodesia returns to British control and resumes using the name Southern Rhodesia.
1979 – The 8.2 Mw Tumaco earthquake shakes Colombia and Ecuador with a maximum Mercalli intensity of IX (Violent), killing 300–600, and generating a large tsunami.
1983 – The Australian Labor government led by Prime Minister Bob Hawke and Treasurer Paul Keating floats the Australian dollar.
1984 – Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya becomes the third president of Mauritania after a coup d'état against Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidalla while the latter is attending a summit.
1985 – Arrow Air Flight 1285, a McDonnell Douglas DC-8, crashes after takeoff in Gander, Newfoundland, killing all 256 people on board, including 236 members of the United States Army's 101st Airborne Division.
1988 – The Clapham Junction rail crash kills thirty-five and injures hundreds after two collisions of three commuter trains—one of the worst train crashes in the United Kingdom.
1991 – The Russian Federation gains independence from the USSR.
2000 – The United States Supreme Court releases its decision in Bush v. Gore.
2001 – Prime Minister of Vietnam Phan Văn Khải announces the decision on upgrading the Phong Nha–Kẻ Bàng nature reserve to a national park, providing information on projects for the conservation and development of the park and revised maps.
2012 – North Korea successfully launches its first satellite, Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 Unit 2, using an Unha-3 carrier rocket.
THE VICTORIA'S SECRET FASHION SHOW – Tuesday, December 12, 2017 at 9pm on CW50 – THE VICTORIA'S SECRET FASHION SHOW HEADS TO CHINA – For the first time, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show was filmed in Shanghai, China. Merging fashion, fantasy and entertainment, the fashion show includes pink carpet interviews, model profiles and behind-the-scenes look at the making of the show. The all-star line-up of Victoria's Secret Angels includes Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Behati Prinsloo, Candice Swanepoel, Lily Aldridge, Elsa Hosk, Jasmine Tookes, Josephine Skriver, Lais Ribeiro, Martha Hunt, Romee Strijd, Sara Sampaio, Stella Maxwell and Taylor Hill, as well as new faces. Musical guests Miguel and Harry Styles perform. Directed by Hamish Hamilton with executive producers Edward G. Razek, Monica Mitro, Ian Stewart, Hamish Hamilton and Chip Quigley. Original CBS airdate 11/28/2017.
On Easter morning, while many people were in church, the Columbus County Animal Shelter responded to a call about a severely injured dog from the Evergeeen area.
The Officers who responded to the call discovered an abused dog, which the shelter has named “Mattie.” Mattie's fur was so tangled and matted (hence his name) that he could not use his right back leg. Fur growth had made movement of this leg painful.
The Wags and Wiggles Dog Salon came to the shelter very early Monday morning, as they always volunteer their services to treat animals that are found in similar conditions free of charge. They also provide free “spa treatments” such as nail trimming and fur cuts on a regular basis for dogs who have been at the shelter for more than 30 days as part of the shelter's enrichment program.
They removed six pounds of fur from Mattie, reducing his weight to 24 pounds. The haircut took three and half hours, shelter manager Joey Prince said.
“Mattie was very cooperative during the entire process,” he said.
Mattie will be seeing a vet Tuesday.
“He is now tentatively using his back leg, although the muscle atrophy from lack of use will likely require some therapy to restore the full use of the leg,” Prince said. “He is very underweight, and the shelter has started him on a diet which will slowly return him to his optimal weight.”
Rapid feeding of an animal that has not had food can make the animal sick, Prince explained.
The Wags and Wiggles Dog Salon is run by Linda and Renee Fregeau and mobile dog salon. They can be reached at 910-231-9759 or at paintedponies76@yahoo.com
Information gathered by the Animal Shelter indicates that this neglect was intentional and the public is being asked to provide any information to 910-641-3945. Anonymous tips are accepted.
Will Smith isn't just a box office breaking movie star and unintentional life coach — apparently, he's also the dance instructor we all need in our lives.
The Fresh Prince and his prince, Jaden Smith, had dinner with Reggaeton star Nicky Jam over the weekend and got jiggy to the star's hit single “X”.
Low key, Will has been giving us cool dance moves as long as h's been giving us good vibes. Just last month, he crossed off “getting salsa lessons from Marc Anthony” off his dance list.
But this ain't nothing new for Big Willie. Remember this epic moment from season one of Fresh Prince?
Or how about the time him and Jimmy Fallon schooled us all on the evolution of hip hop dancing:
Let's just say that when it comes to living life, Will Smith could teach all of us a thing or two. Check out more classic moves from Big Willie when you hit the flip.
1 2Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Jupiter's move into the sympathetic sign of Scorpio will boost your spirits. Wonderful things are already beginning to appear on the horizon, so raise your sights and look further than petty everyday problems. Above all have confidence in your own ability.
An attorney representing families affected by Sunday's tragedy on the Las Vegas Strip is getting ready to file a lawsuit involving the shooter, MGM, and music festival organizers.
Richard A. Patterson, an attorney with Owen Patterson & Owen, took the first step on Friday afternoon at the Regional Justice Center by filing a request for the shooter's assets to stay frozen upon the completion of a federal investigation. He requested that Clark County Public Administrator John Cahill should have control in order to allow one or more lawsuits to be pursued by victims and their families.
"He should be held responsible even after he's gone and committed suicide," Patterson said. "Whether he has a million dollars, five million, or ten million dollars, it's a pittance compared to the damages these people incurred."
Patterson filed the petition while standing side-by-side with client Travis Phippen, a 24-year-old paramedic who was with his dad John Phippen at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
John was shot and killed. Travis was shot in the arm, and the bullet is still lodged inside. The paramedic broke down and cried describing what happened to his family that night.
"We were just having a good time. We were dancing and singing songs and just having fun, and (my dad) showed no fear at all," Travis cried. "Him and I, we both helped these girls that were in front of us and we covered them up and I started helping other people that were getting shot and he stayed with me. He wasn't afraid. He was there with me. He didn't want to leave me... I knew that he'd be with me no matter what. That's just the kind of guy he was."
"(My dad) taught us everything about being strong, whether it was physically, mentally, or emotionally," brother Nathan Phippen said. "We lost somebody that we love and a big part of our family, and now we're just trying to pick up the pieces."
The Phippen brothers said they haven't had time yet to think about the person who shot their father. They said their number one priority is trying to stay strong and protect their family.
Patterson did not say when his lawsuit will be filed, but he listed numerous concerns with the parties involved.
"When you have a patron that is on the suspicious list, treat him as if he's suspicious. Do what you need to do to know why he's coming and going," Patterson said. "MGM will be one of the primary targets... they knew there was something different about this man."
"How long did it take the Mandalay Bay to put up the metal detectors after the shooting?" he continued. "When you go out of Target you have to go through metal detectors... They have a duty to be more watchful and protective of the hotel attendants and concert goers."
Patterson also stated that he believes there should have been more exits at the music festival and that the gunman should not have been gifted the hotel room used to carry out the shooting. The attorney, who has experience with mass tort claims and class action lawsuits, stated he would be willing to represent more victims who come forward to seek legal assistance.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
SOUTHPORT, NC (WWAY) – Gaining U.S. citizenship is not easy for thousands who come into our country.
Today, nearly 80 new Americans were given legal status in Southport after months and even years of going through the process.
- Advertisement -
There are a host of eligibility requirements that take 3 to 5 years of living in the U-S before someone can begin the naturalization process.
After applying and testing, these people take that oath of citizenship.
“I'm very excited and proud and honored to actually now vote one day here,” said Nadya Keyser who came to the country with her husband to be and now teaches at New Hanover County High School.
Related Article: Trump to herald economic progress in State of the Union
For 23 years Southport has hosted a naturalization of immigrants who have lived and work in the U.S. and applied to gain their citizenship.
It's that path to citizenship that has caused a major political and humanitarian debate in our country.
“I think It's something that the entire nation is having a conversation about with the intense fear that the undocumented immigrants have of being caught and deported back to their country or where they came from,” said Daniel Cortes Mendez.
The political climate motivated Aurelio Cortes Rivera to seek legal status after decades of being a permanent resident on a green card.
“I decided to get involved and the only way to get involved is to have citizenship and have the right to vote,” said Cortes Rivera.
His family now hoping his months of work to gain citizenship motivate other relatives given the tough stances on immigration ongoing.
“Maybe you have noticed, there is a small immigration issue going on in our country,” said district court judge Jason Disbrow. “There are no groups of Americans better equipped than you 78 folks to get involved.”
“There's definitely hope for anyone that is willing to go through the process,” said Cortes Mendez.
Fellow relievers rave about Kela's explosive fastball and dancing curveball.
"His heater, I feel like jumps . or hops," Texas left-hander Jake Diekman said. "His curveball is 12-6 (in direction) and super hard. He's always had a killer instinct."
Kela was drafted in the 29th round by his hometown Mariners in 2011, but did not sign. Instead, he spent one season at Everett Community College before the Rangers drafted him in the 12th round a year later.
"I like coming to Seattle, but I don't ever get to be here during the times I enjoy it," said Kela, whose mother and sister still live in the area. "The best time is when I am playing ball, so I don't get to enjoy the city as much as I'd like to."
FIRST BASE FOR GAMEL?
After the Mariners acquired left fielder Denard Span in a trade with Tampa Bay on Friday, manager Scott Servais noted that outfielder Ben Gamel could see action at first base with Healy.
Gamel played one game at first base last season.
"I took a lot of early work there last year," Gamel said. "But nothing this year. It is something I obviously need to get work in at."
As the fourth outfielder, Gamel said he is willing to try anything to stay in the lineup.
ROSTER RESHUFFLE
Rangers: To clear room for Moore on Wednesday, the team optioned Austin Bibens-Dirkx to Triple-A Round Rock. . Despite being 8 for 22 (.364) in his past five games and hitting a bases-clearing double in the ninth inning Tuesday, second baseman Rougned Odor was out of the starting lineup Wednesday. Manager Kevin Banister said it was just a planned rest day.
Mariners: After taking his second loss Tuesday, closer Edwin Diaz was unavailable to pitch Wednesday. He has pitched in six of the team's past eight games. Recently acquired Alex Colome would have pitched in a save situation, Servais said.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Rangers: Third-baseman Adrian Beltre (hamstring) took extended batting practice and running sprints Wednesday, as well as fielding ground balls as he gets closer to coming off the 10-day disabled list. Banister would not give a definitive date on when he would return to the lineup. Beltre did disclose that the plan once he's back is in the first few weeks, he would play one game in the field, then serve as the designated hitter or take the next day off. "It makes sense," Beltre said. "The last couple of times I got injured were in day games (after a night game)."
Mariners: Backup catcher Chris Herrmann tweaked his rib cage during batting practice Tuesday, and was placed on the 10-day DL an hour before first pitch Wednesday. David Freitas, who was in Triple-A Tacoma, was already with the team, just in case a move was made. . Right-hander Hisashi Iwakuma (shoulder) had his batting-practice throwing session delayed yet another day Wednesday with a stiff neck.
UP NEXT
Rangers: Left-hander Mike Minor (4-3, 5.63 ERA) has a team-high four wins. And even though he has had an awful May (2-2, 6.91 ERA this month), he won his last start in Kansas City on Friday. He has two no-decisions already against the Mariners this season.
Mariners: What a roll left-hander Wade LeBlanc (0-0, 2.70 ERA) has been on since he joined the rotation. In his five starts, he has given up just five runs in 26 1/3 innings pitched (1.71 ERA). The most he's given up in any start is two runs. This will be his first career start against Texas.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Todd Milles, The Associated Press
Seventeen undocumented immigrants were discovered on Sunday locked inside a tractor-trailer parked at a truck stop in Edinburg, Texas, according to Edinburg Police Chief David White.
Dispatch received a call from someone in Mexico who reported that a relative was trapped inside a trailer parked at a Flying J truck stop, said White. Edinburg is in southern Texas, along the US-Mexico border.
The caller said the relative was accompanied by other immigrants and that it was getting too hot inside the trailer, said White.
Officers responded to the scene, where they found 14 men and three women locked in a trailer. They were all alive, said White.
The immigrants originated from a range of countries, including Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and Romania, White said.
Two people in charge of the trailer were detained, White said. They were of Cuba nationality, he said.
US Customs and Border Protection has taken over the investigation, according to White.
In July, authorities discovered more than 100 undocumented immigrants packed inside a sweltering tractor-trailer in San Antonio. Ten people died and dozens were injured.
Here's what we've been told about passwords:
Make them complicated.
Use numbers, question marks and hash marks.
Change them regularly.
Use different passwords for each app and website.
Of course, these guidelines often leave users frustrated and struggling to remember them all.
Now, the National Institute of Standards and Technology is about the make all of our lives much easier. The organization recently revised its guidelines on creating passwords, and the new advice sharply diverges from previous rules.
"The traditional guidance is actually producing passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate users," says Paul Grassi, senior standards and technology adviser at NIST, who led the new revision of guidelines.
The organization suggests keeping passwords simple, long and memorable. Phrases, lowercase letters and typical English words work well, Grassi tells NPR's Audie Cornish. Experts no longer suggest special characters and a mixture of lower and uppercase letters. And passwords never need to expire.
"We focus on the cognitive side of this, which is what tools can users use to remember these things?" Grassi says. "So if you can picture it in your head, and no one else could, that's a good password."
While these rules may seem suspiciously easy, Grassi says these guidelines help users create longer passwords that are harder for hackers to break. And he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new rules positively.
"It works because we are creating longer passwords that cryptographically are harder to break than the shorter ones, even with all those special character requirements," Grassi says. "We are really bad at random passwords, so the longer the better."
Previously, security experts recommended the use of password manager apps to ensure users' accounts were protected. Grassi says these apps are useful because they completely randomize the password, but he says they aren't necessary to maintain security.
Grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says previous tips for passwords impacted users negatively and did not do much to boost security. When users change their passwords every 90 days, they often aren't dramatically changing the password, Grassi says.
"I'm pretty sure you're not changing your entire password; you're shifting one character," he says. "Everyone does that, and the bad guys know that."
And off to support the Philadelphia 76ers tonight in a major playoff game for them.
.@MeekMill has arrived.#PhilaUnite x #HereTheyCome pic.twitter.com/pub80aDdnI— Philadelphia 76ers (@sixers) April 24, 2018
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Meek still is fighting his case to has probation term ended. However this is major win in the ongoing battle that he's faced against the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Saroj Khan's ILLOGICAL statement on Casting couch; Watch video | FilmiBeat
Saroj Khan is in hot soup over her controversial statements defending casting couch by saying that taking advantage of a girl has been happening since "Baba Adam's time," and stated that the culture of casting couch is that is does not rape a girl, but gives a girl a job after it's done and makes her life better. The choreographer joined a panel of members on a news channel during a debate and defended casting couch by saying,
"Can I tell you one thing? This has been going on since the beginning of time. It hasn't started now. Someone or the other tries to take advantage of every other girl. The government's people do it too. Then why are you after the film industry? It provides livelihood at least. Does not rape and leave you. It depends upon the girl, what she wants to do. If you don't want to fall in wrong hands, you won't. If you have art, then why would you sell yourself? Don't take film industry's name, it is everything for us."
Saroj Khan's Weird Statement! So as per Saroj Khan, if an actress wants to earn a livelihood, she has to come to terms with the film-makers sexual demands and it "depends upon the girl, what she wants to do." It's like a choice to choose from! Saroj Khan Has Let People Down Saroj Khan is a well respected name in Bollywood and her irresponsible statements on casting couch has left a lot of people down. Afraid To Take Names Though a few actresses have spoken out about their experiences of the casting couch, not a single one of them went ahead and revealed their names out of fear that they might not get an opportunity in Bollywood ever again. Spur Of The Moment? We're not sure if Saroj Khan said these controversial statements in the spur of the moment, as television panel debates do make a person speak weird things when the debates get heated up and intense.
SUMMARY: A fast-moving storm system will bring showers today but sunnier and seasonable late week. Details
THIS MORNING: Cloudy this morning with spot showers early then rain increasing and overtaking the area by mid-morning. Temperatures are mild, in the 40s & 50s inland and 50s & 60s along the coast. Winds are out of the northwest at 5 to 15 mph.
THIS AFTERNOON: Skies will be mostly cloudy with showers likely and highs in the 50's. Variable winds will become northwesterly at 10-20 mph.
TONIGHT: Skies are clearing overnight and accompanied with northwesterly winds, they will allow our temps to be seasonably chilly. Could be breezy at times with winds out of the northwest at 5 to 15 mph.
THURSDAY: Skies will be sunny with chilly highs in the upper 40s to around 50.
TROPICS: Atlantic Hurricane Season begins on June 1, 2017. Click here for your tropical update.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Pierce Legeion, Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated.
To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 53 ° F precip: 0% 53 ° F precip: 0% 53 ° F precip: 10% 54 ° F precip: 40% 55 ° F precip: 90% 53 ° F precip: 100% 51 ° F precip: 80% 52 ° F precip: 70% 51 ° F precip: 20% 52 ° F precip: 10% 52 ° F precip: 0% 49 ° F precip: 0% 47 ° F precip: 0% 44 ° F precip: 0% 43 ° F precip: 0% 42 ° F precip: 0% 40 ° F precip: 0% 39 ° F precip: 0% 38 ° F precip: 0% 37 ° F precip: 0% 37 ° F precip: 0% 36 ° F precip: 0% 35 ° F precip: 0% 34 ° F precip: 0% 34 ° F precip: 0% 36 ° F precip: 0% 40 ° F precip: 0% 43 ° F precip: 0% 46 ° F precip: 0% 47 ° F precip: 0% 49 ° F precip: 0% 51 ° F precip: 0% 51 ° F precip: 0% 52 ° F precip: 0% 50 ° F precip: 0% 46 ° F precip: 0% 43 ° F precip: 0% 41 ° F precip: 0% 40 ° F precip: 0% 39 ° F precip: 0% 38 ° F precip: 0% 37 ° F precip: 0% 36 ° F precip: 0% 35 ° F precip: 0% 35 ° F precip: 0% 34 ° F precip: 0% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
Kim Jong Nam: the big ‘what if' of North Korean history
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The Spice Girls are back! For real! If you're not already celebrating with a Spice Girls dance party, what's wrong with you?!?!?!
Following a reunion meeting today in England, the iconic British girl group have announced they will be bringing #girlpower back in 2018. All other pop stars are hereby on notice: take the year off. For your own good, OK? Victoria "Posh Spice" Beckham's representative released a statement to Entertainment Weekly, which reads as follows:
“We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching up and reminiscing about the amazing times we have spent together. We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for the Spice Girls. The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together.”
No further details on what those "opportunities" are just yet, but reports from the British press have suggested the group want to release the greatest hits album, secure some new endorsements, and land a TV show in China, apparently. New music is said to be more of a sticking point, though, because Posh would just rather not go there — although that makes no sense IMO, because "Let Your Head Go" was one of the strongest post-Spice Girls solo efforts, no joke.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Still, in whatever they're doing, the group promises to keep "reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations.” AND RECORDING BANGERS, OK!? The music mattered too!!! Also, maybe let the kid from the "Viva Forever" music video back out of that Rubik's Cube too, he's been stuck there for a while?
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WASHINGTON -- A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their accounts of being groped, fondled and forcibly kissed by the businessman-turned-politician at a news conference on Monday.
"This was serial misconduct and perversion on the part of Mr. Trump. Unfortunately, this behavior isn't rare in our society, and people of all backgrounds can be victims. The only reason I am here today is that this offender is now the President of our country," said Rachel Crooks, a former Bayrock Group receptionist who accused Trump of kissing her on the mouth without her consent in 2005.
Samantha Holvey, the former Miss North Carolina 2006 who has accused Trump of inspecting beauty pageant contestants, and Jessica Leeds, who has accused the President of grabbing her chest and attempting to move his hand up her skirt on a flight, also sat with Crooks at Monday's event.
The firsthand accounts come as a public conversation on sexual assault and harassment -- spurred by a series of accusations against high-profile figures in politics, Hollywood and journalism -- rages throughout the United States. Brave New Films, a production company that realized a film on the women who have accused Trump of sexual assault, hosted the event.
At least 15 women have come forward with accusations against Trump ranging from sexual harassment and misconduct to sexual assault, including unwanted kissing and groping. All the alleged incidents took place prior to his assuming the presidency.
On Monday, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said that the allegations took place "long before he was elected president" and that Trump has "addressed these accusations directly and denied all of these allegations."
Sanders also claimed that "eyewitnesses" have backed up Trump's denials.
"The President has denied any of these allegations, as have eyewitnesses," Sanders said. "Several reports have shown those eyewitnesses also back up the President's claim in this process and again, the American people knew this and voted for the President and we feel like we are ready to move forward in that process."
CNN has asked the White House for information on those reports.
In addition to the woman at the press conference on Monday, Trump's accusers include Temple Taggart, the former Miss Utah USA who accused Trump of kissing her on the lips in 1997; Mindy McGillivray, who accused Trump of grabbing her butt at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida in 2003 and Natasha Stoynoff, who accused Trump of "forcing his tongue" down her throat during a photo shoot at Mar-a-Lago in 2005.
Crooks called on Congress to "put aside party affiliations and investigate Trump's history of sexual misconduct."
"In an objective setting, without question, a person with this record would have entered the graveyard of political aspirations, never to return," she said. "Yet here we are with that man as President."
Leeds added that while some areas of society are "being held accountable for unwanted behavior ... we are not holding our President accountable for what he is and who he is."
Trump has personally vehemently denied the accusations.
"The events never happened. Never. All of these liars will be sued after the election is over," Trump said months before the 2016 election in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Trump, however, has never filed a lawsuit against the accusers.
Sanders said earlier this year that the White House's position is that all the women are lying.
"Yeah, we have been clear on that from the beginning and the President has spoken on it," Sanders said in October.
Trump opened the floodgates of accusations against him during the 2016 campaign when he downplayed the release of a 2005 "Access Hollywood" video that showed him saying he was able to "grab them by the p**sy" because he was famous.
Trump downplayed his remarks as nothing more than "locker room talk" at the second presidential debate and said he never kissed or groped women without consent.
But not all those close to the President have been so dismissive.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday that women who accuse a man of inappropriate sexual behavior -- including Trump -- "should be heard."
"Well, I mean, you know, the same thing, is women who accuse anyone should be heard," Haley said when asked specifically about Trump's accusers. "They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up."
The renewed focus on Trump's accusers comes as Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore fights to win a reliably Republican seat, despite accusations he pursued relationships with teenagers, including molesting a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old when he was in his 30s. Moore has denied all the allegations.
Trump has stood by Moore despite the accusations and has raised questions about the women who have leveled the charges. Trump traveled to Florida -- just miles from the Alabama border -- to rally support for the Senate candidate and has repeatedly tweeted about the need to back Moore and keep his Democratic opponent Doug Jones out of the Senate.
Two Democratic senators -- Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon -- called for Trump to resign over the multiple accusations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him.
The calls come days after Sen. Al Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, announced his intention to resign over accusations of sexual assault.
"I just watched Sen. Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from his office," Booker said. "My question is, why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing -- who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward. The fact pattern on him is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken."
Black smoke comes from a burning building in a commercial area of Osmena street in Marawi city, Philippines June 14, 2017. Pic: Reuters
51 Social Buzz
PHILIPPINE security forces on Thursday arrested an alleged bomber and leader from the Maute militant group that has been battling local government troops in Marawi city the past three weeks.
Regional Police spokesman Supt. Lemuel Gonda said the suspect was nabbed in Santa Cruz, Macasandig, and has been identified as Mohammad Noem Maute aka Abdul Jabid.
The Philippine National News Agency quoted Gonda as saying a combined military and police intelligence taskforce called the Martial Law Special Action Group carried out the suspect's arrest.
Another suspect, Abdul Raman, is still at large.
SEE ALSO: Philippines: US troops on ground near besieged Marawi City – army
The Department of National Defence had earlier issued an arrest order on the two suspects who Gonda said were bomb experts from the Islamic State-linked Maute group.
Gonda said the police regional command is currently interrogating the suspect.
The suspect's two brothers, Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are said to be leading the Maute gang.
Marawi is about 100km (60 miles) south of Cagayan de Oro, the checkpoint where Abdul Jabid was nabbed, but it is not clear if he had been heading in from the besieged city.
Most of the other seven Maute brothers, including Omarkhayam and Abdullah, are believed to be in Marawi. Last week, their parents were taken into custody in separate cities.
SEE ALSO: Philippines: Muslim leaders to fight terrorism with education, spiritual intervention
The Marawi clashes began on May 23 when Philippine forces staged a raid to arrest Isnilon Hapilon, a wanted leader of IS-linked Maute and the Abu Sayyaf terror network, following tip-offs on his hideout.
The military told Reuters that 290 people have been killed so far, including 206 militants, 58 soldiers and 26 civilians. The conflict has entered its 23rd day.
Authorities also said 100 militants remain in the besieged area, down from the 400 to 500 estimated number of fighters during the peak of the siege. An estimated 300 to 600 civilians are also said to be trapped or being held hostage in the city.
A noxious weed that plagues homeowners across Florida may hold the secret to a new way to fight some antibiotic-resistant superbugs, researchers reported Friday.
A compound made by the red berries of the Brazilian peppertree disarms methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), the team at Emory University reports.
Schinus terebinthifolia Raddi is classified as a Category I pest plant by the Florida Exotic Pest Plant Council Scientific Reports
What's unusual is the berries don't kill the bacteria, but simply stop them from doing harm, says Cassandra Quave, who studies ethnobotany and dermatology at Emory University in Atlanta.
"Traditional healers in the Amazon have used the Brazilian peppertree for hundreds of years to treat infections of the skin and soft tissues," said Quave, who reported her team's findings in the journal Scientific Reports.
Her lab broke it down and tested it on bacteria, human skin cells and in animals.
Related: WHO Labels Superbugs as a Fundamental Threat
It works it an unexpected way — as a so-called quorum quencher.
"It's stopping communication among the bacteria," Quave told NBC News.
"It kind of tricks them into believing they are alone. When they are alone, they behave differently than when they are in a group."
“ This remedy, which been used for hundreds of years … works not by killing staph but by basically disarming it.”
MRSA bacteria can live harmlessly in the body, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that 2 percent of all healthy people just carry it in or on their bodies. But when they cause an infection, they do all sorts of nasty things — releasing toxins, blasting open red blood cells and tearing apart skin cells.
"They are used by staph to better invade the host and disseminate in the host," Quave said.
Related: 'Nightmare Bacteria' Found in U.S.
The little red berries of the Brazilian peppertree produces a group of compounds that stops this.
"This remedy, which been used for hundreds of years … works not by killing staph but by basically disarming it," Quave said.
"This could potentially open up new doors in the way that we treat staph infections in the future."
It's the second natural quorum quencher that Quave's team has found. In 2015 they reported that the leaves of the European chestnut tree produce a different group of compounds that similarly disarm staph bacteria.
The Brazilian peppertree is often also called the Florida holly or broad leaf peppertree. Its scientific name is Schinus terebinthifolia and it's spread from its native South America to Florida, Alabama, Georgia, Texas and California.
"This is a noxious weed that is really hated in Florida," Quave said. She finds it ironic that a weed that flourishes so well and is so hated that homeowners deploy Roundup and weed-whackers to kill it could have lifesaving properties.
Related: Medieval Recipe Kills Germs
Years of testing remain before the compound in the berries could be tested as treatments.
"I don't want people to go out and try putting random berries on their skin," Quave said.
Cassandra Quave of Emory University Ann Borden
"Natural is not always safe. There are lots of things in the natural world that can harm you if you use them improperly ."
Related: Here's Why Superbugs Scare Doctors
Nature is a rich source of antibiotics and other drugs. Penicillin, the original antibiotic, is derived from mold. Researchers are looking for new drugs in dirt, tropical plants and the sea.
President Barack Obama ordered his administration to hurry up and do something about drug-resistant bacteria. It's not clear what the new Trump administration's policies will be.
Infections caused by antibiotic-resistant bacteria kill 23,000 people every year, make 2 million more sick and cost $35 billion in productivity lost to sick days, the CDC says.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — There were cheers, gasps, droid photo opportunities, casino games and more than a few standing ovations at the jam-packed world premiere of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” Saturday night in Los Angeles, which many are already praising online.
Rian Johnson, the writer and director of the eighth installment of the franchise, dedicated the night to the late Carrie Fisher, who died after filming had completed.
“She's up there flipping the bird and saying, `Don't bring this night down with solemn tributes,”‘ Johnson said on stage at the Shrine Auditorium.
It was in that spirit that Johnson excitedly introduced his cast, including Mark Hamill, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley and Laura Dern. Hamill and composer John Williams, who Johnson called one of the “greatest living film composers” were among the few who got standing ovations.
“Let's watch a Star Wars movie!” Johnson exclaimed as the cast took their seats, the lights dimmed and the yellow Star Wars logo and iconic scrawl appeared on screen to signal the start of the film. The enthusiastic audience laughed and cheered throughout much of the two-and-a-half-hour film. One audience member even shrieked “What?!” at a key scene deep in the film.
The elaborate premiere featured a massive assault vehicle and a procession of Stormtroopers and droids that preceded the first showing of the film in advance of its Dec. 15 release. The mood was joyous and pregnant with anticipation for the highly anticipated and guarded film, which sees the return of Hamill's Luke Skywalker as well as Fisher's final performance.
Formal reviews won't be out for a few days, but journalists and others at the screening who shared their initial reactions online said “The Last Jedi” packed the adventure expected in a Star Wars film, but took it into new territory.
J.J. Abrams, who directed 2015's “Star Wars: The Force Awakens” and will return to direct Episode IX told The Associated Press that the film was “great” and that “Rian killed it.”
“Logan” director James Mangold also praised the film's director, calling the movie “a great chapter of a blockbuster franchise,” that also had Johnson's “voice shining through.”
Producer Adam F. Goldberg wrote that the film made him feel like a kid again.
Entertainment Weekly's Anthony Breznican said the film “will shatter you and then make you feel whole again.”
Many who posted online about the premiere said they were still processing the film.
Attendees at Saturday's premiere were the first people outside the cast, filmmakers and top executives at Walt Disney Co. and Lucasfilm who had seen “The Last Jedi.” Director Edgar Wright, Patton Oswalt, Greta Gerwig, “Stranger Things” actor Gaten Matarazzo, and Constance Zimmer were among the attendees Saturday.
Wright, who makes a cameo appearance in the film as a rebel, added on Twitter that the film was, “Really great.”
At the after-party, which was modeled after Canto Bight, a casino-based city in the Star Wars galaxy seen in “The Last Jedi,” attendees could play blackjack, roulette and craps to win commemorative Star Wars pins.
Fans at the premiere were also treated to up-close looks at new characters, including an elite squad of guards clads in red armor as well as a collection of droids, including the droids C-3PO, R2-D2, and BB-8, who walked and rolled down the red carpet before the film's stars arrived.
“It's a Star Wars movie, and the energy tonight is pretty amazing,” said a beaming Andy Serkis, who plays the villain Supreme Leader Snoke.
Ridley, who plays Rey, arrived wearing a shimmering dress adorned with stars. Ridley was in good spirits, saying about her dress, “I mean, it's just fun. It's fun. And I feel fun. And it's got stars on it.”
Newcomer Kelly Marie Tran wore a bright red dress with a lengthy train behind it. John Boyega, who earlier in the day tweeted that he might miss the premiere because a snowstorm had snarled travel out of Atlanta, arrived sporting a dark blue tuxedo and turtleneck.
Secrecy about the film remained in place on the red carpet. Anthony Daniels, who plays C-3PO, told a reporter looking for details on the film, “I'm going to let you work out everything for yourself.”
“The Last Jedi,” which arrives in theaters on Dec. 15, is one of the year's biggest releases. Early box office projections are for the film to debut in the $200 million range for its first weekend.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WESTBURY, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Spectronics Corporation, the world's foremost leader in ultraviolet fluorescent equipment, is releasing the uVision™ 365: a new series of UV-A LED lamps for non-destructive testing, crime scene forensics, and more. The hallmark of the uVision series is the coveted IP65 rating -- signifying the unit can be fully covered in dust and suffer no intrusion. The rating also means the unit is protected against jets of water from all directions. No other company comes close to offering a rugged, IP65 Rated lamp at such an affordable price. The uVision series, from top to bottom, is designed with the end-user in mind. By offering several models, the buyer can choose the best lamp for their individualized application. And, more importantly, the buyer can pay the right price for their device.
In terms of features, the uVision series lamps have three powerful UV-A LEDs for fluorescent detection and one white light LED for the visual inspection, providing a concentrated beam profile -- and surpassing the effective coverage area of other lamps in the same price category. The UV-A lenses are long-lasting and able to endure rigorous use, offsetting the effects of lens deterioration. In addition, the lamps are compact and ergonomic: weighing in at only 2.35 lbs. (1,065 g) and standing 7.5 inches (19 cm) in height -- providing maximum flexibility, comfort, and coverage.
In terms of operational design, the uVision series lamps are manufactured to be easily repaired in the field. All critical parts can be accessed within minutes. The power assembly can be modified with no wasted time or hassle. In addition, the uVision's cool-running design enables the device to operate in temperatures reaching upwards of 122° Fahrenheit. Whether it be heat, dust, or moisture, the uVision's rugged outer casing and borosilicate filter protector can withstand the toughest exposure.
This is the first iteration of two uVision lamps out of many specialized models in the series. The uVision UV-365ES is the standard model. The standard model has a nominal steady state intensity of 4,700 µW/cm² at 15 inches (38cm). The coverage area encompasses a large 6 inch (cm) diameter at 15 inches (38cm), with a minimum UV-A intensity of 1,200 µW/cm². The uVision UV-365EH is the second of the two lamps being released today. The UV-365EH is a high-intensity model, producing a nominal steady state intensity of 7,000 µW/cm² at 15 inches (38cm) -- with an increased coverage area of 7 inches (cm) at 15 inches (38cm).
Marketing Strategist, Georgia Reid, describes the launch of the two new UV-A LED lamps: "End-users can be assured of the lamp's quality because Spectronics Corporation was the first company in the world to develop fluorescent leak detection and has been in continuous operation for more than a half-century. Other companies in the field do not have the experience or innovational record Spectronics Corporation has demonstrated since its founding in 1955. Today, the uVision™ 365 series sets a new standard for the marketplace by exceeding currently offered features, available choices, and design."
About Spectronics Corporation:
Spectronics Corporation is the world's leading manufacturer of ultraviolet equipment and fluorescent materials. Their state-of-the-art products are built to exacting engineering standards and are utilized for literally hundreds of markets and applications that demand uncompromising quality and reliability. Spectroline® UV lamps and radiometers are widely used to verify the structural integrity of military and commercial aircraft. Spectroline® fluorescent dyes are used to check for fluid leaks in power plants, nuclear reactors, oil pipelines and industrial facilities worldwide, and were even used on the U.S. Space Shuttle. For more information, please visit us at www.spectroline.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136081/Images/UV-365ES_uVision_365_Standard_with_white_light-fe8ae0b0810b96ff8e84eb1d455ce7a1.jpg
Embedded Video Available: https://vimeo.com/205236912
Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/18/11G136081/uVision-365-AC-Series-Flyer-A16287-c8e1ed53e15eb5d5ba9249021dfaa09b.pdf
NEW YORK (AP) — Former Knick Charles Oakley is being welcomed back to Madison Square Garden and the team's home games after his ban from the arena was lifted.
Oakley was arrested at a game last week and banned by Madison Square Garden chairman James Dolan after an altercation with security guards.
The sides have reconciled after a meeting orchestrated by NBA Commissioner Adam Silver and Hall of Famer Michael Jordan.
But Oakley says he wants an apology before returning.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
Mark Heyer said he didn't always agree with his daughter's viewpoints.
But he always admired that she stood up for what she believed in.
"She died trying to bring about that purpose," he told CNN on Sunday, the day after he was told his 32-year-old daughter had been run down on a Charlottesville, Virginia, street.
Heather Heyer stood up for people who needed help, her dad said. She worked as a paralegal for a Charlottesville law firm, assisting clients through the bankruptcy filing process.
Her father said she was passionate about helping others.
She also had some strong convictions.
"She was always passionate about the beliefs she held, she had a bigger backbone than I did," he said.
Mark Heyer said the only way to get through this tough time is to remember God teaches us to forgive.
"We need to start with forgiveness and stop all of the hate," he said.
The Miller Law Group said in its online bio of Heather that she had a lot of knowledge and experience in the bankruptcy field.
Larry Miller, the president of the firm, told the Daily Beast that Heather had a big heart.
"She'd hold their hand and make sure they would get the stuff in timely, that way we wouldn't have any issues," Miller told the Daily Beast. "She was really good at that."
Heyer had just celebrated her five-year anniversary at her job.
Police have said Heyer was crossing the street Saturday when a car plowed into a group of counterprotesters. Nineteen others were hurt.
A 20-year-old man from Ohio is being held and could face a second-degree murder charge.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe praised Heyer.
"She was doing what she loved," McAuliffe said. "She was fighting for democracy, (for) free speech, to stop hatred and bigotry."
Hello Beautiful
Marcus Martin is a hero.
The Charlottesville protest survivor pushed his fiancée out of the way before being struck by the White Nationalist terrorist, who plowed his Dodge Challenger into a crowd of counterdemonstrators, during the violent neo-Nazi rally on Saturday, The Daily Mail exclusively reports.
Martin's wife-to-be, Marissa Blair, opened up about the life-threatening encounter saying, ‘He saved me then he was under the car.' A photo of Martin's body being catapulted through the air after the horrific attack went viral.
Speechless…… #IsThisOurCountry ??#PrayForCharolettesville #PRAYforourCOUNTRY #charolettesville A post shared by Tyron Woodley (@twooodley) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:29am PDT
According to Blair, she and Martin were chanting “Whose streets? Our streets!” at the intersection when they heard a commotion. “It happened so fast. I felt myself shoved out of the way. [Martin] had pushed me out of the way,” she said.
‘It was so fast. All he could think was to push me. He saved me then he was under the car. I checked myself and then immediately thought, where's Marcus?”
Blair said she began searching for Marcus where the car had struck several people. “I saw his hat had blooded all over it but he wasn't there. I found him with no blood on him.” Martin suffered a broken leg.
Martin and Blair returned to the location where he was struck and their friend, Heather Heyer died, to pay his respects to the fallen activist. Martin wore Heather's face on his shirt with a quote from her Facebook page that read, “If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.”
Martin, Blair and Heyer were near each other when the attack occurred. Blair recalled she and Martin's ride to the hospital and hearing news a “heavyset woman” had succumbed to her injuries.
‘I started asking around but I knew that it was my friend Heather. She had been standing right in front of Marcus.'
Blair and Heather, 32, had been coworkers at the same law firm.
“What happened here is 100% wrong,” Martin told reporters on the scene. “It's a hate crime and Donald Trump won't call it that because it's what he believes in,” Martin added.
‘I'm still numb. My friend is dead. Heather was with us because this is what Heather believed in. She died standing up for what she believed in,” Blair said.
Heyer's family set up a GoFundMe, which has over $225,000 in donations.
SOURCE: Daily Mail, New York Daily News
SEE ALSO:
WATCH: White Supremacist Charlottesville Rally Organizer Flees From Counterprotesters
Black Leaders Denounce Violent Charlottesville Rally
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
North Korea plans to acquire machinery for a biological weapons program — including factories to produce deadly microbes and labs that specialize in genetic modification, according to a report.
The country also has sent scientists abroad to earn advanced degrees in microbiology, and is offering to sell biotechnology services to developing nations, US and Asian intelligence officials and weapons experts told the Washington Post.
Current and former US officials said they have not yet seen any hard evidence that North Korea has ordered the production of any weapons besides samples and prototypes, the paper reported.
“That the North Koreans have [biological] agents is known, by various means,” a senior US official familiar with military preparations for a biological attack told the paper on the condition of anonymity.
“The lingering question is, why have they acquired the materials and developed the science, but not yet produced weapons?”
The North's push on the biological front has alarmed US analysts, who say Pyongyang — which is seeking to develop a nuclear warhead capable of reaching the US mainland — could quickly launch industrial-scale production of deadly pathogens with which to threaten its neighbors or US troops.
US officials acknowledge that spy agencies may not be able to detect a change in North Korea's program because the new technologies are ensconced in civilian factories that ostensibly produce agricultural and pharmaceutical products.
“If it started tomorrow, we might not know it unless we're lucky enough to have an informant who happens to be in just the right place,” the senior official said.
The US has been aware of North Korea's secret work on a biological weapon as far back as five months before its first nuclear test in 2006, according to the paper.
US intelligence officials sent a report to Congress warning that the communist regime, which had acquired pathogens that cause smallpox and anthrax, had assembled teams of scientists — but that they lacked some technical skills.
“Pyongyang's resources presently include a rudimentary biotechnology infrastructure,” according to the report by the director of national intelligence.
In June 2015, President Kim Jong-un gave a tantalizing look at the Pyongyang Biotechnical Institute, a large facility on the grounds of what used to be a vitamin factory. State media described the institute as a factory for making biological pesticides for agricultural use.
But US analysts were alarmed by images that showed industrial-scale fermenters used for growing large quantities of live microbes and dryers that could turn bacterial spores into a fine powder for easy dispersal.
“It is hard to avoid the conclusion that the institute is intended to produce military-size batches of anthrax,” North Korea specialist Melissa Hanham wrote in a blog post after the video was shown.
“Regardless of whether the equipment is being used to produce anthrax today, it could be in the near future.”
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Newrange Gold Corp. (TSX VENTURE: NRG) ( FRANKFURT : X6C) ("Newrange" or the "Company") is pleased to announce a non-brokered private placement for up to $1,200,000 comprised of up to 4,000,000 units at a price of $0.30 per unit (the "Units"). Each Unit consists of one common share and one share purchase warrant entitling the holder to purchase one additional common share for a two (2) year period at a price of $0.45 per share (the "Warrants"). The Warrants may be accelerated under certain terms if the closing price of the Company's common shares on the TSX Venture Exchange exceeds $0.75 for any 20 consecutive days. Proceeds raised from the private placement will be used to advance the Company's high-grade Pamlico gold project and for general working capital.
A finder's fee or commission equal to 6% cash and 6% brokers warrants will be payable upon $200,000 in respect to this financing. All securities issued will be subject to a four-month hold period and subject to TSX Venture approval.
Use of Proceeds:
The proceeds of this financing will be used principally to advance the Company's Pamlico project in Mineral County, Nevada. Work will include:
Drilling in the Merritt decline area to expand recently discovered high-grade and disseminated mineralization in the Merritt decline as discussed in the Company's News Releases of March 2, and April 11, 2017.
Drill testing of additional known targets as discussed in prior new releases.
Expand geological mapping.
Expand rock and soil geochemical sampling.
Initiate a program of detailed underground surveying, mapping and sampling of accessible historic mine workings, estimated to exceed two miles in total length.
Initiate property wide geophysical survey of property.
Conduct preliminary metallurgical test work.
2017 Work Program and Schedule
Drilling in the area of the Merritt decline is scheduled to start in late April.
Expanded geological mapping and detailed sampling of other target areas will continue and expand during May.
Underground surveying, mapping and sampling is planned to start during May.
Geophysical surveys are scheduled to start during May pending contractor availability.
About Pamlico
Located 12 miles southeast of Hawthorne, Nevada, the project has excellent access and infrastructure, a mild, year-round operating climate and strong political support from Mineral County, one of the most pro-mining counties in the pro-mining state of Nevada. The Pamlico project covers the historic Pamlico group of mines, as well as the nearby Good Hope, Central, Gold Bar and Sunset mines.
Discovered about 1884, the district rapidly gained a reputation as being one of Nevada's highest grade districts. Held by private interests for most of its history, the property remains very underexplored in terms of modern exploration with no documented geophysical or soil geochemical surveys and only 103 drill holes totaling 27,838 feet (8,487 meters) scattered across the 1,300 hectare property.
In 2013, the seller permitted and completed a modern, trackless, 188 meters long, 3 X 4 meter decline for test mining of high-grade mineralization they had previously identified by drilling just beyond the current face of the decline. However, they never systematically sampled the decline or drilled in the area of the decline. Newrange Gold acquired the property in July of 2016 when the owner's failing health forced the sale of the project.
During early 2017, detailed saw cut channel sampling by Newrange discovered mineralization which had not been previously identified consisting of high-grade structurally controlled gold mineralization with grades to 1.5 meters averaging 104.75 grams gold per metric tonne (g/T Au) surrounded by large zones of lower grade disseminated gold mineralization with an apparent true width of at least 75.5 meters averaging 2.92 g/T Au.
About Newrange Gold Corp.: Newrange is an aggressive exploration and development company focused on near to intermediate term production opportunities in favorable jurisdictions including Nevada, Colorado and Colombia. Focused on developing shareholder value through exploration and development of key projects, the Company is committed to building sustainable value for all stakeholders. Further information can be found on our website at www.newrangegold.com.
Quality Assurance/Quality Control
Mr. Robert G. Carrington, P. Geo, a Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43-101, the President and CEO of the Company, has reviewed, verified and approved for disclosure the technical information contained in this news release.
Signed: "Robert G. Carrington"
President & CEO
Website: www.newrangegold.com
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Forward-Looking Statement:
Some of the statements in this news release contain forward-looking information that involves inherent risk and uncertainty affecting the business of Newrange Gold Corp. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated in such statements.
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke Pause
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
0:29 Mountain View seniors explain why they chose to play with torn ACLs
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A busy intersection in the Northland was shut down for hours on Thursday following a serious crash.
“What happened today is that there was this gentleman coming east on 152 (Highway), and I don't know the circumstances but he hit one of the vehicles on the back and that gentleman has been transported to an area hospital,” Louis Ortiz with KCMO Police said.
Officers said a black pickup suffered the most damage. Firefighters on scene had to use the jaws of life to pry the door open in order to get to the male driver and get him to a local hospital.
The other vehicle involved in the crash was a Brinks truck. The company provides secure logistics and cash management services across the United States, so at any given time these trucks could be carrying hundreds of thousands of dollars.
“Those are pretty solid vehicles so there's not much damage; however, there is enough damage that it opened up some of those compartments,” Ortiz said.
That sent a lot of money flying in all directions, covering the road.
“There's $26,000 -- or over $26,000 worth of change,” Lee Mulinex said, who works with Impact Tow and came to the site to help clean up the change and get the highway back open.
“Everything -- pennies, nickels, dimes quarters and the gold dollars was scattered all over the highway, just stacks of it,” Mulinex said.
But when the cleanup effort ended, Mulinex and the other volunteers got a nice surprise.
“We picked up probably about 85, maybe 90 percent, of the money that was scattered on the highway, and they took the money with them,” Mulinex said.
But they'll never find all those coins.
“But they said that they had all that they wanted to recover, so whatever you find stick in your pocket they said,” he explained.
The eastbound lanes of Highway 152 opened back up around 3 p.m. after being closed since before noon Thursday.
Police say the driver of the Brinks truck sustained minimal injuries in the crash. The driver of the pickup truck is in critical condition at an area hospital.
Some entrepreneurs jump right into business ownership. But others hone their skills by working for larger companies, where they learn the lessons that help them shape their business ideas. The latter was true for the founders of Notejoy. Formerly executives at LinkedIn and SurveyMonkey, they took those experiences with them as they built their new product. Learn more about Notejoy and its founders in this week's Small Business Spotlight.
What the Business Does
Offers an app for team collaboration.
Founder and COO Ada Chen Rekhi told Small Business Trends, “Notejoy is a collaborative note app for teams. It helps you get your most important work out of the noise of email and Slack and into a fast and focused workspace. Notejoy is a software application that's available across web, desktop, and mobile devices.”
Business Niche
Offering a note app that's specifically for teams.
Chen Rekhi says, “There are a LOT of note-taking apps out there, but many of them are focused on individuals. We're solidly focused on building a fast and beautiful experience for teams to collaborate on their ideas and work in real-time.”
?
How the Business Got Started
Out of an understanding of corporate difficulties.
Chen Rekhi explains, “We made the decision to leave our corporate jobs and start Notejoy because we realized from our work experiences that today's collaboration tools have been failing us. People absolutely hate creating docs and wikis, because it's hard, so instead they end up sending emails or chatting in hallways, and so much knowledge and value gets lost. Employees are always recreating the wheel because they can't access prior work. As founders, we'd both spent a lot of time thinking about how to improve the productivity of our apps and tackling this as the next project was the obvious next step.”
Biggest Win
Integrating the app with Trello.
Chen Rekhi says, “A lot of businesses small and large use Trello to manage their to-do lists, so making it easy to attach Notejoy to Trello tasks was a huge win for our users as well as us. We were able to get in touch with the right people on the Atlassian team and make the integration happen, and it's really meant that we have another great example to point to of how we're deeply integrating with the popular workplace tools.”
Biggest Risk
Leaving jobs at big companies.
Chen Rekhi says, “Both of us left impactful and exciting jobs to start Notejoy because we believe in our mission as a company. Our CEO and Founder, Sachin Rekhi, was a product executive at LinkedIn leading their sales solutions initiatives. I was the SVP Marketing at SurveyMonkey. We went from large, well-resourced companies and have started our business on our own. It's a tremendous career risk but also very motivating at the same time.”
Lesson Learned
Never stop learning and growing.
Chen Rekhi explains, “There's never a point when you're creating a product that it's “done” and while it's a common message, it's also one that is hard to internalize. We had Notejoy in a private beta for about 9 months prior to launch, and after launch we learned rapidly based on the feedback from new customers.”
How They'd Spend an Extra $100,000
Spreading the word.
Chen Rekhi says, “We'd spend it on promotion and online advertising for the product.”
Company Mascot
Dexter the dog.
Chen Rekhi says, “Our company mascot and office dog is Dexter, a 3 year old Havanese. He makes it a point to greet every single person who visits us and make them feel welcome!”
* * * * *
Find out more about the Small Biz Spotlight program
Images: Notejoy, Co-founders Rekhi and Chen Rekhi, Dexter the Dog
MIAMI (WSVN) - The American flag is a top item for the Fourth of July holiday — those who make them are sharing how it's done and why it means so much to them.
“July Fourth is important because many times people come to us looking for their own independence and an opportunity for hope and jobs, and that's what we do here,” said Goodwill's Vice President of Marketing, Lourdes De La Mata.
Many things go into making your Independence Day special. Sunshine, barbecues, beaches, fireworks, and of course — the good old stars and stripes, but these American flags are made with their own special glory.
“I think that a lot of people that work here have a lot of pride,” said De La Mata. “Not only to work for Goodwill industries but, more importantly, because they're working on the flag, which again is a great symbol of our freedom and independence, which is something that they're working on personally.”
The Goodwill Flag Center is located at Northwest 21st Street and 22nd Avenue and creates about 600 flags a day for the U.S. Department of Veteran's Affairs.
Each flag is made with nearly 100-year-old embroidery machines, by over 900 Goodwill employees with disabilities, and if you ask these employees, they will tell you just how much pride they take in their work.
“It's a good job and good work,” said Goodwill employee, Francisco. “It's very nice.”
Each flag is made with extreme attention to detail. Every one of the 13 stripes must be exactly four-and-a-half inches wide and all of the 50 embroidered stars have to be exactly 3.3 inches in diameter.
When placed on a table, the flag must lie flat with no pleats or any loose threads protruding.
“They're very important flags,” said De La Mata. “These are the interment flags. You can tell by the fabric — they're cotton. These are the ones that folded up into triangles and then presented to the families of the veterans who passed away, so it is a very special flag.”
Due to the quality of work being put out by the Goodwill Flag Center and its employees, the center is planning on hiring an additional 125 employees with disabilities to work on producing military uniforms.
Goodwill is one of the top 20 employers in Miami. Part of the nonprofit's mission is training and employing people with disabilities to help them get on their way to greater independence.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
LEGASPI CITY—“Instead of an award, recognition or at least commendation, I am now the subject of persecution by the very organization...
PLAYERS OF THE DAY
Trae Young is the name everyone knew as No. 12 Oklahoma head to Austin to take on Texas, but it was another freshman point guard — Matt Coleman — who left as the star of the show.
Coleman finished with 22 points and a pair of assists, doing quite a bit of the work defensively on Young, who finished with 19 points and 14 assists but shot 7-for-22 from the floor and 2-for-14 from three.
It's great to see Coleman playing well. Texas is trying to cope with the fact that one of the players on the roster (sophomore Andrew Jones) is in a battle with leukemia, and that means that more of the load has been hoisted upon Coleman. He's answered the call.
So has Kerwin Roach, who finished with 19 points, four boards and four assists. He's become arguably the best perimeter player for the Longhorns in recent weeks, scoring at least 16 points in five of the six games since returning from injury.
THE REST OF SATURDAY'S STARS
SHAMORIE PONDS, St. John's : Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home.
: Ponds finished with 33 points — including a pair of massive shots in the final 75 seconds — as the Johnnies knocked off No. 4 Duke at home. COLLIN SEXTON, Alabama : Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points.
: Sexton finished with 17 points, eight boards, six assists, two steals and a block as the Crimson Tide went into Gainesville and knocked off No. 23 Florida by 18 points. JEROD HARPER, Auburn : 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt.
: 14 points and 14 assists isn't a bad night. That's what Harper did as Auburn whipped up on Vanderbilt. JOCK LANDALE, Saint Mary's : Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego.
: Landale was terrific, finishing with 34 points, 18 boards and four assists as No. 13 Saint Mary's won at San Diego. TREVON BLUIETT, Xavier: Bluiett finished with 31 points on 9-for-16 shooting on Saturday as the Musketeers held off Georgetown. He made this shot to force the overtime.
TEAM OF THE DAY
Oklahoma State desperately needed to win at No. 7 Kansas on Saturday if they wanted any chance of getting back to the NCAA tournament this season, and they did just that.
The Pokes were up by as many as 18 points in the first half, as the Jayhawks spent 40 minutes playing like they thought all they had to do to win at home was to show up. Kendall Smith led the way with 24 points, five boards and five assists for OSU while Cameron McGriff chipped in with 20 points.
This is the third game that Kansas has lost in Phog Allen this year. Bill Self entered the season having lost just 11 times in that building in his tenure with Kansas.
Kansas, on the other hand, is now tied with Texas Tech for first place in the Big 12.
GAME OF THE DAY
(UPDATE: Actually, it was this game.)
I don't know how Indiana did it, but somehow they shot 28.8 percent from the floor and 4-for-19 from three and still managed to have a potential game-tying heave at the buzzer bounce off the back of the rim.
The Spartans got up double-figures early and seemed to throw this thing into cruise control. The Hoosiers slowly but surely chipped away, creating another mind-bending stat: Michigan State, with the biggest front line in college basketball, finished with 29 total rebounds and just three offensive boards on Saturday while Indiana had 25 offensive rebounds despite starting a front line that stands 6-foot-6 and 6-foot-8.
The final score ended up being 63-60 despite Michigan State's best efforts to give this one away.
WTF???? OF THE DAY
St. John's entered Saturday having lost 11 straight games.
It is February, and the Red Storm do not own a single win in the Big East. It's been something of a disaster for Chris Mullin, one that has him fully on the hot seat.
So obviously, with No. 4 Duke coming to town, the Johnnies … played their best game of the year?
Shamorie Ponds popped off for 33 points while Bashir Ahem added 19 points and Tariq Owens chipped in with 17 as St. John's erased a seven-point halftime deficit to beat the Blue Devils. Duke was absolutely torched by Mike Krzyzewski after the game — and deservedly so — which has me asking: How is a team as talented as Duke is so reliant on Marvin Bagley III?
WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED TO KNOW?
Remember when we thought that No. 21 Kentucky making that thrilling comeback and winning at West Virginia would be the turning point in their season? LOL. After needing overtime to beat Vanderbilt at home during the week, the Wildcats lost at Missouri in a game were the Tigers were more or less in control throughout. Kentucky was a trainwreck in the first half, digging themselves too big of a hole to dig out of. Kassius Robertson had 16 points and four assists to lead the way for Mizzou.
Whatever funk No. 10 Texas Tech was in earlier this year, they are out of it now. The Red Raiders won their fourth straight game on Saturday, knocking off TCU at TCU. The final score was 83-71, but it really wasn't that close.
Whatever funk No. 15 West Virginia was in the last three weeks, they look to be out of it now. The Mountaineers beat Kansas State by 38 points.
The two best teams in the SEC continue to be No. 18 Tennessee and No. 11 Auburn. The Volunteers absolutely smashed Ole Miss on Saturday, eventually winning by 33 points, while the Tigers held off Vanderbilt at home. It's a shame these two teams already played this season. It didn't get near the fan fare it deserved.
Deandre Hunter had 15 points and six assists off the bench for No. 2 Virginia as they knocked off Syracuse, 59-44.
Corey Sanders went for 31 points, seven boards and three assists, but it wasn't enough as No. 3 Purdue beat Rutgers in Piscataway, 78-76.
No. 19 North Carolina got back to their winning ways, snapping a three-game losing streak against Pitt. The most noteworthy part? Theo Pinson was healthy, finished with 13 points and eight assists and played as the back-up point guard.
Jacob Evans had 19 points as No. 8 Cincinnati knocked off UConn in Hartford.
Isaiah Washington did everything he could — 26 points in total — to get Minnesota a win in Ann Arbor, but it was not meant to be. No. 24 Michigan won 76-73 in overtime.
With help from one of Earth's most powerful telescopes, an international team of astronomers has snapped a spectacular snapshot of a newborn planet emerging from the disk of gas and debris surrounding its host star.
The first-of-its-kind image — included in new research to be published in the journal Astronomy & Astrophysics — shows an alien world known as PDS 70b that orbits a dwarf star some 370 light-years from Earth in theconstellation Centaurus.
This is a baby picture of sorts, but PDS 70b isn't especially cute or cuddly. It's a gas giant more massive than Jupiter and, with a surface temperature of roughly 1,000 degrees Celsius (about 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit), it's hotter than any planet in our solar system.
Most taxpayers know that a tax credit reduces the amount of tax you pay the IRS. But some may not realize that there are two types of tax credits: standard credits and refundable credits. And there's a big difference between the two.
Continue Reading Below
All tax credits directly reduce the tax you owe; in other words, every dollar of a credit takes a dollar off your tax bill. Note: Tax credits are not to be confused with taxdeductions, which lower your taxes indirectly (and by a smaller amount) by reducing your taxable income.
The first type of tax credit is the standard credit, which can reduce your tax liability to $0 but not further. If the credit exceeds your tax liability, then the remainder of the credit is lost. A refundablecredit can reduce your tax liability beyond$0, which means the IRS will have to paythe remainder to you as a refund.
Here's an example: If you owe $1,000 in taxes, and you have $3,000 in non-refundable credits, then you owe no tax, but the excess $2,000 in credits is lost. If you owe $1,000 in taxes and you have $3,000 in refundable credits, then your taxes will be reduced to zero, and you may be entitled to a $2,000 refund.
Here are three of the most lucrative and sometimes overlooked refundable credits.
Image source: Getty Images.
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
1. The Earned Income Tax Credit
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is a refundable credit for taxpayers who work but don't earn much. A full 20% of taxpayers who qualify don't claim itbecause they don't file a return, don't know about it, or feel it's too complicated to understand. It requires that the taxpayer fall within certain income and investment limits while meeting residency and filing status requirements. And those who are eligible can increase their credit if they have qualifying children. Did I mention you also must have earned income?
A quick review of the checklist provided by the IRS will help you determine whether you qualify for the EITC. For more details, you can review Publication 596. If you use tax preparation software such as TurboTax or TaxAct, then it will make the process relatively painless by asking all of the pertinent questions and making these determinations in the background. (And if you can use tax prep software, I would highly recommend doing so. It can help you avoid mistakes and get your refund faster if you're expecting one.)
If you don't think claiming the EITC is worth your time, consider this: The average amount of the EITC is more than $2,400,and the maximum is $6,318!If you think you're qualified but aren't sure how to proceed, then you can find a local tax professional to help. If the cost of a tax preparer is too high, the IRS provides the Free File service,which allows low-income taxpayers to use brand-name software at no cost.
2. Additional Child Tax Credit
While the Child Tax Credit is non-refundable, its sibling, the Additional Child Tax Credit, is. As with all credits, there are certain limitations. You must first be eligible, and file, for the Child Tax Credit, which is worth up to $1,000 for each qualifying child. If the amount of the Child Tax Credit is more than the amount of the tax you owe, then you may be eligible to receive all or part of the difference under the Additional Child Tax Credit. Be aware that those filing a 1040-EZ cannot claim this credit. You can find the Child Tax Credit Worksheet in the Instructions for Form 1040. If you qualify for the Child Tax Credit, you should fill out Form 8812 to determine your eligibility for the Additional Child Tax Credit. More details are available here.
Image source: Pixabay.
3. American Opportunity Tax Credit
The American Opportunity Tax Credit is only partially refundable and provides incentives to go to college. Both the student and the education paid for must meet certain requirements. It's a credit for qualified expenses that go toward the first four years of higher education. It's worth up to a maximum of $2,500 per year per eligible student. It covers 100% of the first $2,000 in education expenses, then 25% of the next $2,000. Once your tax bill has been paid down to zero, you may receive a refund of up to 40% of the remaining amount up to $1,000. You can find the qualificationshere.
There are many opportunities for taxpayers to minimize their taxes and maximize their refunds. We're not required to pay any more than is required. Take it from Justice Billings Learned Hand, who had this to say in an often-quoted tax case: “Over and over again courts have said that there is nothing sinister in so arranging one's affairs as to keep taxes as low as possible. Everybody does so, rich or poor; and all do right, for nobody owes any public duty to pay more than the law demands.”
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: One easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more…each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
/ Front page / News
THERE is no damaged bridge at Galoa Village, says the Fiji Roads Authority chief executive officer John Hutchinson.
This was after this newspaper earlier highlighted the problems faced by villagers of Batinikama outside Labasa who had to walk three miles to catch the bus last week.
Responding to questions sent to FRA via email, Mr Hutchinson said there was no damaged bridge, but the authority was aware of a box culvert approach wash-out.
"The box culvert approach washout at Galoa Village is still open to single lane traffic," he said.
Mr Hutchinson said they had plans to reinstate the washout approach on the downstream end.
"After the reinstatement works on Namoli Bridge and Namoli culvert, we move up to Galoa Village then to Valelevu culvert works," he said.
"The approach reinstatement works is currently in progress at Galoa culvert."
Mr Hutchinson said Namoli Rd was accessible to all vehicles.
"We only have issues with the culvert approach washout and overtopping which the contractor is currently working on and the next round of routine grading and maintenance works for Namoli Rd will be in March," he said.
"Once all emergency works are completed as a result of TD04F and TD09F, then we can continue with the normal routine maintenance programs around the network again."
President Donald Trump talks with journalists before signing tax reform legislation into law on Dec. 22 in Washington. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
On Monday, Bloomberg revealed that President Trump spent at least one full night in Moscow during the Miss Universe pageant in 2013. While Trump's travel schedule might be unremarkable in most circumstances, his flight plans directly conflict with statements he reportedly made to former FBI Director James Comey. To any prosecutors investigating possible obstruction of justice allegations, this data would seem to provide further evidence of possible “corrupt intent”—the linchpin of any obstruction prosecution—in Trump's dealings with the Russia investigation.
For months, Trump's defenders have pressed a public relations campaign aimed at promoting the idea that a president could not obstruct justice. They argue that as the chief executive, the president is essentially the chief law enforcement official. In this role, any actions he takes regarding an investigation would be considered official acts: They may direct the investigation, but they cannot technically be considered to obstruct it. That has always been wrong.
One way to understand how official actions can be criminal violations is to look at bribery law. Bribery convictions hinge on proving the corruption of public servants who engage in official acts that they have the power to take but who do so with a corrupt purpose. Official duties shed their harmless nature when they are undertaken for such corrupt purposes. In these cases, judges instruct juries that they can conclude that an act is corrupt if it is “motivated by a hope or expectation of either financial gain or other benefit to one's self.”
Obstruction of justice cases against public officials operate in the same way, turning on the defendant's intent. However, whereas juries can infer an official's corrupt intent in bribery cases by looking at his or her illicit benefit, proof of obstruction of justice is much more nebulous, depending on whether a defendant acted “with an evil or wicked purpose.” While proving an “evil or wicked purpose” is not the clearest standard, courts have provided one helpful guide: dishonesty. Most jury instructions make clear that a defendant acts “corruptly” if he or she acts “knowingly and dishonestly.”
Trump's misleading statements about his stay in Moscow predate his alleged request to Comey to let Michael Flynn go.
Under this theory, DOJ prosecutors have convicted police officers from East Haven, Connecticut for obstruction of justice in the falsification of police reports. They also nabbed a captain and two deputies in Decatur County, Georgia for the same conduct on the same theory. And they convicted a member of the Detroit Police Department's aviation section for falsifying his flight logs. In each of these cases, the corrupt intent of the action was shown by its dishonesty.
To date, the potential obstruction case against Donald Trump has offered some such evidence, but not necessarily enough. The obstruction allegations have focused on two things—the Michael Flynn investigation and Comey's firing. Comey may believe that the president was attempting to obstruct justice when he allegedly asked him to let Flynn “go,” but proving that to a jury is not easy. Trump, for his part, has denied that he ever said this to Comey. If you believe that Trump is lying and Comey is telling the truth here, that might be evidence of corrupt intent. There's further possible evidence of deception by Trump in this episode, as well. In an interview with the New York Times, Trump said he never cleared the Oval Office before this disputed conversation with Comey. The fact that he did clear the room could be testified to by others who were there—and by itself could help prove a corrupt intent. The fact that he has apparently lied about that would offer further proof of corrupt intent.
But the corrupt intent evidence was never as clear for the Russian investigation itself. Although the president stated that the Russia investigation was on his mind when he fired Comey, he claimed that was because the investigation was based on a “made up story,” not because he was trying to keep it from revealing the truth. The guilty pleas special counsel Robert Mueller has secured against Trump's associates are all tangential to this discreet issue and, thus, virtually worthless for purposes of proving obstruction. (Unless, of course, the defendants have additional non-public information, which is always a possibility.) While Trump's explanation may seem far-fetched, if it were true, it wouldn't be obstruction and there is currently nothing to disprove it. Without a witness or documents to explain the president's thinking, no prosecutor is going to get “beyond a reasonable doubt“ with this evidence.
The recently released Comey memos and Donald Trump's flight records might change the game. According to the memos, On Jan. 6, 2017, Comey informed then–President-elect Trump about allegations that the Russians had a 2013 recording of him with prostitutes. Comey explained that it was the FBI's job to try to understand what the Russians were doing and to ensure that the Russians do not try to coerce the president. Then, on Jan. 28, 2017, Trump allegedly raised the allegations again with Comey during a private dinner. According to Comey's memo:
He said he had spoken to people who had been on the Miss Universe trip with him and they had reminded him that he didn't stay [overnight] in Russia for that. He said he arrived in the morning, did events, then showered and dressed for the pageant at the hotel (he didn't say the hotel's name) and left for the pageant. Afterwards, he returned only to get his things because they departed for New York by plane that same night.
Trump reportedly reiterated the claim in a Feb. 8 meeting with Comey, this time in front of then–Chief of Staff Reince Priebus:
He […] explained, as he did at our dinner, that he hadn't stayed overnight in Russia during the Miss Universe trip.
The flight records directly contradict these statements, providing the first direct evidence of Trump's concealment of facts from investigators and, thus, real evidence of his corrupt intent.
As Bloomberg reported:
The Bombardier jet [Trump was travelling on] landed in Moscow on Friday, Nov. 8, at a time unspecified in the records.
He had a day full of public events that Friday, and the Miss Universe pageant wasn't until Saturday evening. From Bloomberg:
[T]he flight records support a narrow slice of what Trump told Comey: On the night of the pageant itself, the plane Trump was said to be using didn't fully overnight in Russia. [The] Bombardier took off from Vnukovo airport at 3:58 a.m. Moscow time, the records show.
Importantly, Trump's misleading statements about his stay in Moscow predate his alleged request to Comey to let Michael Flynn go. Establishing that Trump was corruptly trying to mislead the investigation from the outset makes his subsequent statements about Flynn and his firing of Comey appear more nefarious. Under these circumstances, prosecutors could also call the various witnesses who have heard Trump contemplate firing Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, Mueller, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions to drive home his desire to close the investigation at all costs and for corrupt purposes.
On Sunday, Trump addressed the obstruction allegations in a tweet that quoted a Wall Street Journal writer who said this case “would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought.” Based only on what the public knows, that is a lot less true today. Obstruction cases are won or lost on evidence of intent. Trump's false claims to Comey provide just that.
The death of a Scottish teacher who contracted E.coli while in Turkey features of the front pages of several newspapers, including the Scotsman and the Daily Record.
"Roodunnit?" is the headline on the Daily Record's other front page story. The paper says Scotland's only herd of wild wallabies are being targeted by a "heartless killer" - who skinned one of the creatures and left its carcass on a beach.
The Herald reports that young people are "borrowed up to the hilt" and are storing up economic problems which could precipitate the next financial crisis, economic experts have warned.
The National says Donald Trump had been "slammed" for failing to condemn white supremacists.
Hibs boss Neil Lennon is being probed by police over his goal celebrations against Rangers, says the Scottish Sun.
Only a handful of fly-tippers have been prosecuted despite the littering epidemic sweeping Scotland, according to the Scottish Daily Mail.
The Scottish Daily Express says fears have been raised that opponents of Brexit will push for a second referendum.
Stamp duty must be cut "as a matter of urgency" as part of a return to Conservative values if the party is to win the next election, Jacob Rees-Mogg has said in the Daily Telegraph.
"PM returns from holiday to fight for her political life" is the headline on the front page of the i newspaper.
The Times says Theresa May is facing claims by senior Whitehall officials that Brexit decisions are being "rushed through" in chaotic fashion over the summer.
The Daily Star of Scotland says TV star Ant McPartlin is facing a new fight - to save his marriage.
In the world of electric cars, there's a chicken-and-egg problem: More people might buy electric vehicles, or EVs, if they were confident there would always be a charger nearby. And businesses might install more chargers if there were more EVs on the road.
Now, utilities are stepping forward to solve this problem, and not just in California or the Northeast. A $20 million project launched two years ago by investor-owned Kansas City Power & Light, whose service area straddles the Kansas-Missouri border, has turned a Midwestern metropolitan area into one of the fastest-growing electric vehicle markets in the country.
"There's a little movement afoot here in the middle of flyover country," says Chuck Caisley, KCP&L's vice president for marketing and public affairs. "We're awfully excited about the prospect of this kind of transportation, and so we wanted to be catalytic to that."
At a time when Caisley estimates there were only 400 to 500 electric cars in the area, KCP&L announced it would install 1,000 charging stations throughout its service territory of more than 800,000 customers.
The stations are going up at workplaces, in apartment garages, at grocery stores, in city parking lots and malls, and near the baseball and football stadiums. The idea is to allow people to charge their cars as they do their cell phones, plugging in as they go about their daily lives.
For the first couple years, charging at the Clean Charge Network is free — and will remain free until at least this summer.
On a recent day, Sara and Adam Foote parked their car at a charging station in a public garage in Leawood, Kan., while they went for a drink. In the hour or so they spent in the bar, they added about 25 miles of charge to their Nissan Leaf, which they purchased 15 months ago.
"We've adapted our lifestyle, but I'd say that the charging stations — the abundance of them in Kansas City, has definitely made it very easy for us," Sara Foote says.
For KCP&L, this project is about clean energy and clean air, but it's also about selling more electricity without having to build more power plants. Caisley says KCP&L's power grid, which was built to work on hot summer days when air-conditioning use is at a maximum, is underutilized 80 percent of the time. Customers have already paid for the electrical grid and the power plants. A dramatic increase in electricity use would drive down KCP&L's per-unit cost, and could mean lower power bills for its customers.
"When you turn on an additional TV in your home, that's not enough to change that equation," Caisley says. "But when you talk about a segment [the auto industry] that's as much as 25 to 30 percent of the entire economy, and electrifying it, you're talking about a significant amount of increased electricity use, which means we're now using that infrastructure that customers have paid for so much more efficiently."
Caisley adds that the electricity the company is selling is getting cleaner all the time. Fossil fuels generate a declining share of the area's electricity. Nuclear and renewables account for nearly half of it.
"We just happen to sit in the Saudi Arabia equivalent of wind," he says.
KCP&L asked utility regulators in Missouri and Kansas for permission to add a 2- to 3-cent monthly fee to customers' bills to help pay for the installation and maintenance of the charging stations. Missouri regulators have yet to rule. Kansas regulators said no. They said the utility failed to prove a need for such an extensive network of charging stations, and they said KCP&L didn't make a compelling argument for why it should be taking the lead.
"We think KCP&L is certainly free to roll out whatever Clean Car Network program they want. The question becomes whether or not they impose the costs on a captive consumer. Our take on that is, simply not," says David Nickel, consumer counsel with the Kansas Citizens' Utility Ratepayer Board, the state agency that represents the interests of utility customers.
A version of this played out on a much larger scale in California a few years ago. Initial regulatory resistance there gave way to a legislative mandate to provide charging infrastructure.
Despite the Kansas ruling, KCP&L has moved forward with money from its investors. The company has built 850 of the 1,000 charging stations it has planned.
Overseeing this is Larry Kinder, founder and CEO of LilyPad EV. His company sells, installs and maintains charging stations for customers all over the country. KCP&L is his biggest customer by far.
From his home office in Overland Park, Kan., Kinder can monitor the stations his company has sold to see when they're in use and how long they're in use. Here's one measure of their abundance: At about 9 a.m. one weekday, only about 75 cars were charging at those 850 stations. But what Kinder has learned is: If you build it, they will come, and sometimes, very quickly.
Recently, a new charging station was installed outside an office building, and not two minutes after Kinder put it on the network, it was in use.
"Now, that was an employee who was sitting in his office, watching the electrician do the installation. He ran out, moved his electric car, plugged in and charged his car up," Kinder says. "It was wonderful."
Kinder, who has driven EVs since before they were sold commercially, says he's already thinking about what's needed next. For road trips, uninterrupted by long charging stops, there's a need for fast chargers that can add, say, 90 miles of range in a half-hour. Those are much more expensive to install. KCP&L and other companies have begun to invest along highway corridors.
"We're a little beyond Wild, Wild West, but I think not everything's laid out," Kinder says. "This is all still evolving. It will all still be evolving for 10 years, or more."
Saif al-Islam, freed in Libya last week after six years, is wanted for alleged crimes against humanity....
read more...
Published By: BBC News Africa - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Professional wrestling star and Charlottean Ric Flair was admitted to a hospital over the weekend, and a tweet sent out by his management team early Monday seeks prayers for “tough medical issues.”
Media outlets reported the 68-year-old Flair – known as “The Nature Boy” – was in intensive care, and that the issue is heart related.
“Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?” asked the Tweet from Melinda Morris Zanoni of Legacy Talent and Entertainment. “If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues.”
The ominous sounding tweet represented a change in tone from what Zanoni was saying Saturday, when she described the hospital visit as “routine monitoring” and said there was “no reason to panic.”
A day later, Zanoni was asking for prayers, both on Twitter and Facebook. None of her posts have specified why Flair was admitted to a hospital. It was also unclear Monday if Flair was being treated in Charlotte, which is the city he calls home.
Fans noted the quick change in his health status with concern, and many asked for more details.
“Last night, it was routine. Tonight, it's tough medical issues,” posted Larissa Angel on Facebook. “As a true life-time dedicated fan, my heart is breaking and I just wish we had more information! I have been praying since he missed his show in Virginia on the 5th. I know we are not technically family but...it's really hard to sit back and have to wonder.”
Are u a Fan/Friend of Ric Flair?If so, we need prayers & positive energy 4 our Living Legend as he is dealing w/some tough medical issues — MelindaMorrisZanoni (@LegacyTalentCEO) August 14, 2017
Added Tobi Kallbach on Facebook: “(Is) there any more information about the tough health issues Ric Flair is dealing with? I think I am not the only person who is very concerned about his well-being.”
Flair had a previous health scare in December 1998, when he slumped in the corner of a wrestling ring prior to a World Championship Wrestling event in Tampa, Fla. He was admitted to a hospital for tests, but it was found the numbness in his left arm and chest spasms were not due to a heart attack.
In October 1975, he was among five passengers injured after an improperly fueled Cessna 310Q twin-engine plane suffered mechanical failure and crashed in Wilmington, says his web page.
Flair earned 16 world championships since the late 1970s, but became just as famous for his in-ring antics, including rule breaking, cocky interview style, strutting and shouting the catchphrase “WOOOOO!” The latter has become his trademark.
An Aug. 8 Observer story noted Flair's hard-edged wrestling persona has appeared to mellow in recent months. The former “world champion” has given a series of painfully honest interviews leading up to a documentary about his career on ESPN's acclaimed “30 for 30” series. It will air Nov. 7.
Flair spoke of some regrets in the interviews, including not being able to draw a line between his big, loud wrestling persona and his personal life.
However, true to his wrestling style, he made no apologies.
Flair's fame has endured a decade after his heyday, in part because his glitzy, jewelry wearing persona was embraced by a younger generation of rappers. In a recent article, Complex.com called Flair “Hip-Hop's Favorite Wrestler.”
As a result, he has experienced a resurgence in popularity since retiring a decade ago.
“His lifestyle has become the rapper blueprint and his name has become a metaphor for pageantry,” wrote Complex. “In Ric Flair, rap artists have found the embodiment of their brashest selves, co-opting his character's brand as a stand-in for extravagance and excess.”
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31, 2020. The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films. Shamshera, also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist, is set to go on the floors by the end of this year, according to the production house.
The project marks Ranbir's return to YRF after a gap of nine years. His last project with the banner was "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year". This will be Vaani's third film with the production house, after her debut "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Befikre" (2016). The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019.
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him. "Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku', but a filmbased in the 1800s, it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British. There was a great story of heroism, a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then," Ranbir told PTI.
"It is a departure from the kind of films I have done, it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often. 'Shamshera' is in the aspirational space, the space of true, badass commercial cinema."
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story, says the actor. "A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy, action, romance drama. And all these films I am doing are all in that direction, we are trying to have all these factors in it."
Rare encounters with 12-14 foot great white sharks happened in two different locations off the Florida coast.
Joanne Fraser of Calypso Dive Charters in Lake Park spotted one great white while on a trip 3.5 miles east of Juno Beach.
"We all descended to about 80 feet, I saw a couple of nurse sharks and a few lemons as we were dropping down, I look over to the east and see a huge shark. (Of course my camera's not ready because we only just jumped in the water). I estimate the shark to be somewhere between 12 to 14 feet and an easy 4 feet wide. All the lemon sharks disappeared, I was fumbling around with my camera trying to get it set up. The shark circled us extremely slowly about 3 times. I thought it was going to come to the crate at one point, but it turned away. That great white made the lemon sharks look like remoras!" she said.
Corey Embree, a dive instructor with Deep Six in Vero Beach, was also on the boat and in the water with his GoPro. "I'm so stoked about this. What a way to start 2017! This was a dream of mine for over 20 years of diving."
Meanwhile, in Port Canaveral, a 12 foot great white was seen swimming around a deep sea fishing charter. The 'Canaveral Princess' was about 25 miles off the port when they spotted the beast coming to the surface. It wasn't the first time either; the same fishing vessel spotted a 14 footer just a week before. (click photo below to play video)
1:10 Body found in industrial park investigated as homicide Pause
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
3:04 3 challenges to prosecuting hate crimes at the federal level
2:05 Hate crimes carry 'different harm' than other crimes
WEST HARRISON, Ind. (AP) — Authorities say a man is dead after his all-terrain vehicle rolled and landed on top of him in southeastern Indiana.
The Indiana Department of Natural Resources says 46-year-old Daniel Woolwine of Guilford was pronounced dead Sunday afternoon at Mercy Hospital in Harrison, Ohio. The accident happened in West Harrison, Indiana, which is in Dearborn County on the state line with Ohio.
Authorities say Woolwine was checking targets and target practicing when he traversed an embankment in the ATV. Investigators say the ATV rolled, ejected Woolwine and then landed on him. Authorities say two witnesses found him trapped and called emergency responders when they couldn't free him.
An autopsy is scheduled later this week. Authorities don't suspect speed, alcohol or other substances were factors in the accident.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Norwegian's plans for new transatlantic routes to help shrink costs
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Another day, another downpour. South Florida is getting accustomed to dealing with really rainy weather. It's been the theme since the onset of June (and the start of our rainy season). Also common has been the occurrence of clouds. We've been socked-in much of the time, both night and day. Those clouds tend to grow in height as storms build in the heat. If you're seeking sunshine it will continue to be something of a challenge with our current weather pattern in place. The reason? There's still a huge swath of deep moisture streaming across the region. It originated in the tropics (specifically the western Caribbean) and can lead to a deluge during those times of rain. For now, we have weak high pressure fairly close by… keeping our wind speeds light. Watch for slow moving batches of rain often arriving from the southeast as the week continues. During the day, then, active sea breezes will keep our weather unsettled. In the tropics, we're watching two features. A far away tropical wave is evident on the satellite over the eastern Atlantic ocean. It's more than a couple thousand miles from us and has a low development chance. Also, there's another spot to focus on which is around the Yucatan Peninsula. There's currently no system in that general area but forecast maps hint that low pressure might form there over time. If that happens, a disturbance could develop this weekend or early next week. It would NOT be a Florida focus. Stay tuned as the tropics likely turn “more interesting” and active in the future.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
A uniformed UPS worker fatally shot three coworkers at a San Francisco shipping warehouse Wednesday before using the gun to kill himself.
Another two were wounded by gunfire, police said.
All five victims of the shooting, as well as the gunman, were employees of UPS's San Francisco facility, the company confirmed in a statement.
Multiple gunshots were fired inside the UPS warehouse on the corner of San Bruno Avenue and 17th Street just before 9 a.m., San Francisco Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
A motive, police said, remained unclear.
Police were first called at 8:55 a.m. and arrived at an "active shooter situation," Toney said, and evacuated shooting victims as they searched the building.
By the time police arrived, he said, five people had been shot.
"One contact team located the suspect who was still armed with an assault pistol," Toney said. "The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon."
The identity of the shooter was not immediately released, nor were the names of the victims.
Inside, police recovered two firearms.
Toney said police were still interviewing "dozens" of witnesses who were inside the warehouse to understand what happened. Some of them, Toney said, were not UPS employees.
"Our investigators are going through painstaking interviews with everyone who was in the building," he said.
In a statement, UPS said two employees were being treated in nearby hospitals, but their conditions were not immediately known.
"The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share," UPS said in a statement. "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident."
Counseling was also being made available to all employees affected by the shooting, the company added.
Battery Industry Entrepreneur and Cadenza Innovation Founder to Discuss New Investment Models That Help Angels Minimize Risk While Maximizing Returns
WILTON, CT--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Cadenza Innovation, a pioneering provider of energy storage solutions based on disruptive architectures for lithium-ion battery packs, today announced that Founder and CEO Dr. Christina Lampe-Onnerud will speak at the 2017 Angel Capital Association Summit. The world's premier professional development event for angel investors, the ACA Summit will be held April 26-28 at the San Francisco Marriott Marquis.
A collective of more than 13,000 accredited angel investors, the ACA is the largest angel professional development organization in the world. Its annual ACA Summit brings together 700-plus investors and professionals in the startup ecosystem to share best practices in angel investing; discuss the latest data and trends in startup investing in tech and life sciences; and listen to presentations from thought-leading investors and entrepreneurs.
At the ACA Summit, on Thursday, April 27, from 11:00 - 11:45 a.m. PDT, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud will participate in the panel "Structured Exit - How to Structure Angel Investments to Ensure Returns, Independent of the Company's Exit." The session will be moderated by Gwen Edwards, one of Golden Seed's leaders in San Francisco/Silicon Valley; the firm is one of the world's largest investor groups focused on supporting women entrepreneurs. Also featuring BJ Lackland, CEO of Lighter Capital, and Ian Sobieski, Chairman of Band of Angels, the panel will explore the best practices in structured exits to enable angel investors to achieve the greatest return on their investments while reducing their risks. In her remarks, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud will discuss a new investing model she developed to bring Cadenza Innovation to market -- one that's proving especially compelling to seed and angel investors -- that enables entrepreneurs and investors alike to achieve longer-term financial and business objectives.
"With seed and angel investment reaching $6.6 billion in the U.S. alone last year, it's clear that angels are an integral part of the entrepreneur-investor ecosystem," said Dr. Lampe-Onnerud. "Notably, there's emerging interest from angels to back startups that are addressing large, global market opportunities and are capable of delivering compelling returns over a number of years. Cadenza Innovation is an example of that trend, and I'm excited to participate at the ACA Summit to share our story."
"Golden Seeds focuses on identifying high potential startups with additional focus on women-led businesses," said Peggy Wallace, a Managing Partner of Golden Seeds and its Funds. "Cadenza Innovation is emblematic of exactly that type of early stage, high-growth potential business. We're excited to be lead investors in the company and look forward to continued collaboration with Dr. Lampe-Onnerud to ensure success for Cadenza and its investors alike."
Cadenza Innovation is bringing to market a safe, low cost and high-performance technology platform for licensing to lithium-ion battery manufacturers worldwide. Securing more than $7 million in oversubscribed Series A funding, the company is backed by marquee investors that include Golden Seeds, Connecticut Innovations, Scale Investors, Summit Power Group Co-chairman Eric Redman, and entrepreneur, philanthropist and investor Mark Torrance, along with prominent angels from Asia, Europe and North America. Additionally, the company has earned funding from the U.S. Department of Energy, Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) and the state of New York. Cadenza Innovation's first target markets are transportation and residential/grid energy storage.
In addition to founding Cadenza Innovation, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud is among the world's foremost authorities on battery chemistry and design, and a 20-year battery industry expert. She is a World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer; has shared insights into energy storage and climate change at Davos and for various United Nations groups; is an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Hall of Fame winner and MIT Technology Review Young Innovator award recipient; and has earned multiple distinctions for her commitment to environmental sustainability. Earlier in her career, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud founded Boston-Power, which today is based in China.
A prolific speaker, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud will also participate on the Future of Clean Transportation Technology panel at Columbia University on Thursday, April 20, from 6:00 - 7:30 p.m. EDT. Part of the Center on Global Energy Policy's Women in Energy program, the session will feature Dr. Lampe-Onnerud and experts from Columbia University, MIT and the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) discussing the future of clean transportation technology and innovation. Topics will include smart mobility, electric vehicles (EVs) and battery technologies from the technological maturity, market readiness and policy outlook perspectives. Last month, Dr. Lampe-Onnerud keynoted the 34th annual International Battery Seminar and Exhibit, among the most respected industry gatherings showcasing the state-of-the-art in energy storage technology developments for consumer, automotive, military and industrial applications.
About Cadenza Innovation
Cadenza Innovation was founded in 2012 by Dr. Christina Lampe-Onnerud, one of the pre-eminent battery experts in the world. With corporate headquarters in Wilton, Connecticut, the company's mission is to deploy its intellectual property, field-proven operational and mass production expertise along with its key technology partners to build Cadenza Innovation into a global technology leader in energy density, the lowest cost and safety. Driven by an unmatched team of industry experts, a number of whom held key leadership roles at lithium-ion battery cell, pack and system provider Boston-Power and Arthur D. Little, Cadenza Innovation is licensing its technology to allow immediate access to its highly simplified design for large lithium-ion energy storage systems. For more information, visit www.cadenzainnovation.com.
All product and company names herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Monopoly cheats will love this new edition Countless Monopoly players have resorted to underhanded moves to win at the iconic game, but a new edition will now make cheating legal — and even encourage it. Hasbro is...
Game of Life faces real life legal battle PROVIDENCE, R.I. — Who will win The Game of Life? Testimony is scheduled to begin Thursday in federal court in Los Angeles in a lawsuit over who owns the rights...
Hasbro reportedly has sights set on Barbie-maker Mattel GI Joe is making the moves on Barbie — and the show has Wall Street wagging its tongue. Shares of Barbie's owner, Mattel, surged 21 percent Monday to $17.64 on...
UK Scrabble organization bans star player for cheating LONDON — The Association of British Scrabble players banned one of its star players for three years after an independent investigation concluded that he had broken rules in the popular...
Men are better at Scrabble because they obsess over it If ever there was a metaphor for the disparity between the sexes, this is it. According to a new study from the University of Miami, men outperform women at Scrabble...
You can soon play as a T. rex in Monopoly It's a jungle out there on the Monopoly game board. Hasbro Inc. announced Friday that three new game pieces – a rubber duck, penguin and Tyrannosaurus Rex – will be...
Monopoly ditches thimble in bid to modernize game Stick a pin in it — the Monopoly thimble is done! Hasbro Inc. announced Thursday it will follow the will of the people, and dump the token in a bid...
Monopoly goes cashless in new game The latest version of Monopoly adds a new spin to the debate over who gets to be the banker. The decades-old board game, a Hasbro Inc. brand, is getting a...
Now you can play beer pong with your 2-year-old Toy executives did a double take at one of the booths at Toy Fair, where three bottles of Corona beer were on display promoting a 2-year-old board game. In a...
Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on April 17 tourists and businessmen from 18 nations can visit the Russian Far East without visas.
"I have recently approved the list of countries, whose nationals can take advantage of the preferential regime. Businessmen and tourists will not need to undergo the traditional procedure of Russian visas receipt," the Prime Minister said. It will be enough for foreigners "to enter their data on a special website in the Internet," Medvedev said.
"We are proactively forming the modern infrastructure and creating special regimes in the Far East; the law on visits to the Vladivostok free port was approved in March," Medvedev said.
Cancellation of visa procedures for tourists and businessmen "will promote growth of investment and tourist attractiveness of the Far East," the prime minister said.
The region will earn more money from tourist traffic growth, he added. Eighteen countries from various regions selected by the reciprocity principle were included into the list, Medvedev said.
"This is not because these states are situated at a closer or longer distance - we are appropriately introducing bilateral agreements on visa-free travel for those ready to use such an approach for us," he added.
According to the official site of the Cabinet, the list of 18 countries comprises Algeria, Bahrain, Brunei, India, Iran, Qatar, China, North Korea, Kuwait, Morocco, Mexico, UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Tunisia, Turkey and Japan.
Source: TASS
An abandoned dog was unrecognisable after its fur was so matted its leg became fused to its ear and caused the fur around his eye to peel away from the skin.
The six-year-old lhasa apso, now named Soldier, was rescued by a dog warden who found him wandering the streets of Leeds, West Yorks.
The dog was badly neglected and his rescuers believe the tiny ball of fluff had not been groomed in months in a case which had shocked vets.
Dog warden Harriet Chaplin alerted the RSPCA to the little pup's plight after finding him before rushing him to a local vet on June 3 this year.
She said: “The dog was matted like no dog I had ever seen before.
“The matts were so bad they were pulling his skin off around the eye and his front leg was matted to his ear.
“I believe he was either dumped in this area or has come from a home nearby as I don't think he could have wandered far in this state.”
He was taken in by Dogs Trust Leeds who then set about the delicate task of trying to remove the hair and alleviate his pain.
He had to be anaesthetised so veterinary staff could shave the coat and he was kept in for three days.
The dog – thought to be a lhasa apso around six-years-old – has been named Soldier.
RSPCA chief inspector Heidi Jenner said: “This poor dog must have been left without any grooming for months to get into such a state.
“I can easily say this is the worst case of matted fur that I've ever seen. When you first see the pictures of little Soldier you can't even tell he's a dog, let alone what breed he is.
“To allow an animal to get into this condition is absolutely shocking – there is no excuse for it.
“We'd be keen to hear from anyone who may know where Soldier has come from to contact our appeal line on 0300 123 8018 so we can investigate.”
Dogs Trust Leeds took care of the pooch for a number of days before he was taken in by a fosterer.
Dogs Trust Leeds rehoming centre manager, Amanda Sands, said: “In 30 years of working at Dogs Trust I have never seen anything so horrific and heartbreaking.
“He wasn't recognisable as a dog, it was unbelievable.
“We really didn't know if he was going to make it but we are relieved to say that he has started to eat and we are hoping that he will continue to improve, but it is very early days.”
Category: News
FROM inflatable water slides to sausage sizzles and a cold beverage - the Whitsunday Sea Eagles Family Fun Day today had it all.
Family and friends gathered around Whitsunday Sports Park oval at 3pm to watch two teams filled with players from the masters, seniors, reserves, womens and kids sides take to the field.
Check out the photo gallery below:
Photos View Photo Gallery
For more on the Whitsunday Sea Eagles new committee and direction see the Whitsunday Times this week.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A blueberry stuffed inside of a raspberry gets you a new fruit treat and gets a music superstar new notoriety in the food department.
Justin Timberlake, the pop music superstar, with hits to his credit like, "say something" and "rock your body" definitely "said something" last November when he coined a new word, "brasperry," while stuffing a blueberry into a raspberry in a video that went viral.
Now, Driscoll's, the fruit company, wants to "rock your body" with the new fruit treat idea he's created. Driscoll's is making pre-packaged "brasperrys" to take advantage of the social media craze.
Driscoll's teased the launch last week on Instagram, getting almost half a million likes. But it's labor-intensive to make them.
Each individual braspberry has to be created by hand, and Driscoll's is trying to figure out how to scale up beyond the promotionals, for potential retail sales.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: London regulatory crackdown to cost Airbnb $400m in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters says he chose not to re-try Ray Tensing for a third time because he and his team did not believe they would get a conviction.
Prosecutors charged Tensing with murder and voluntary manslaughter after fatally shooting Sam DuBose during a July 2015 traffic stop.
Tensing testified he shot DuBose because he feared for his life. Tensing was previously tried two other times for the same crime, but each time it ended in mis-trials.
Deters spoke with the DuBose family shortly before the announcement and said they are upset with the decision. Here's what both Deters and DuBose's sister Terina Allen had to say.
The case has now been referred to the U.S. Attorney's Office for potential civil rights violations. Deter says that a member of his staff has met with the feds to review evidence.
READ MORE: Tensing will not face a third trial
The makers of Baadshaho have been springing surprises every morning since last three days. After releasing the character posters of Ajay Devgn and Emraan Hashmi from the film, it's time to welcome the third 'badass' from the gang.
We are talking about Vidyut Jammwal who was last seen in Commando 2. What makes the poster quite interesting is the fact that the actor is sporting a moustache for the first time and boy, he is looking damn handsome!
Check out the poster here...
The badass with a badge! Catch the exclusive look in today's edition of @htshowbiz pic.twitter.com/EBp9XkPgHT
— Vidyut Jammwal (@VidyutJammwal) June 15, 2017
Talking about the posters, the first one had Ajay at his rowdy best followed by Emraan who looked every bit of a Rajasthani gunslinger and now we have Vidyut whose suave avatar is a talking point.
While not much is known about the plot, one hears that it is based on true incidents during Emergency. On the other hand, the first look posters hint that it's going to be a hiest and will have six characters which will be played by Ajay Devgn, Emraan Hashmi, Vidyut Jammwal, Ileana D'Cruz and Esha Gupta.
Directed by Milan Luthria, the film is slated to release on 1st September. Meanwhile we just can't wait to see the next posters featuring the leading ladies, Ileana and Esha.
14 year old Pretoria swimmer, Henre Louw, was untouchable at the 2016 Marina Mile swimming festival at Marina Martinique winning both the double mile and mile swimming events with over 200 swimmers taking part.
Louw won the double mile swim in a very fast time of 38 minutes with Stellenbosch teenager Stephano Roodt in second place and PE's Brandon Chapman in 3rd place whilst fellow Pretorian Duné Coetzee won the ladies double mile from Hannah Haswell and Ashleigh Green.
Veteran swimmer Kevin Richards was the first master swimmer home and finished in 5th position in a good time of 40 minutes while JBay swimmer JC Van Wyk finished in 46 minutes.
Pretoria based swimmers continued to dominate proceedings with 11 year old Lise Coetzee winning the 500m from Samantha Varrie and Teegan Pio.
Thomas Varrie was the first man home beating Heath Broughton and Gabriel Varrie into second and third respectively.
Timothy Barnes won the bank to bank swim with Kobus Strydom from Jeffreys Bay coming second and Keenan Van Loggerenberg coming third.
Sophie Bohr won the girls bank to bank with JBay swimmers Tiani Strydom and Genivieve Joubert coming second and third.
The feature event of the morning was the Mile race which Henre Louw won in a time of 18min 14sec ahead of Port Elizabeth swimmer Cullen Biddulph and East London's Deshaan Pillay with St Francis Bay swimmer Amica De Jager winning the ladies Mile from Dune Coetzee and Hannah Haswell.
Jeffreys Bay swimmer Seth de Swart finished in fourth position after a great tussle over the last 500 m of the Marina Mile, presented by Nicholas Melck Properties.
Local swimmers MC Van Wyk (11 yrs) and Noah de Swart (10 yrs) had a great battle to end up as the youngest highest placed swimmers finishing in 28th and 29th respectively.
The Marina Mile was supported by Nicholas Melck Properties, Oakley Sunglasses, Woodlands Diary and Aquella.
The 2017 Marina Mile is set to take place on 30 December and there are exciting developments in play that will ensure the Mile will remain as one of the premier open water swim events in South Africa.
Full Results from the event are available on the Zsports Events NPC website Marina Mile
If you are mailing packages for the holidays, this is a critical week to send them to make sure they get to their destination before Christmas…
Listen to Megan Brennan 1
Postmaster General Megan Brennan says if you are shipping a package overseas, you might want to get those in the mail today. If you are sending a card, December 19 is the deadline, which is a week from tomorrow. Brennan says there's now a way you can track your mail, called ‘Informed Delivery'…
Listen to Megan Brennan 2
And, another tip from Brennan, don't guess at the zip code. You can look up zip codes on the Postal Service website, but she also says no zip code, is better than a wrong zip code.
–gf
Famed chef Mario Batali is taking leave from his restaurant empire and ABC talk show "The Chew" after several sexual misconduct allegations, food website Eater reported.
Four women have accused Batali of touching them inappropriately, according to Eater, and the alleged behavior spans at least two decades.
One woman, who was not identified by Eater, told the website she met Batali at a party in New Orleans 10 years ago. She was a chef, and in their conversation, he asked her to work for him for double her current pay.
She claimed that after spilling wine on her shirt, Batali groped her breasts to "help" clean up the wine.
Batali is taking leave from his businesses for an unspecified period of time. The hospitality group is bringing on an independent investigation firm to receive complaints from staffers about restaurant owners.
NBC's request for comment from Batali was not immediately returned.
The chef will also step away from ABC's "The Chew," which he has co-hosted since it premiered in September 2011, while the network reviews the allegations, a network spokesperson told Eater.
A request for comment from ABC was also not immediately returned to NBC.
In a statement to Eater, Batali said, "I apologize to the people I have mistreated and hurt. Although the identities of most of the individuals mentioned in these stories have not been revealed to me, much of the behavior described does, in fact, match up with ways I have acted. That behavior was wrong and there are no excuses. ... I have work to do to try to regain the trust of those I have hurt and disappointed. For this reason, I am going to step away from day-to-day operations of my businesses."
As recently as two months ago, Eater reported, Batali was required to have training after an employee for his Batali and Bastianich Hospitality Group reported inappropriate behavior by Batali. "It was the first formal complaint about Batali..., according to the company," Eater reported.
Eater uncovered the accusations by the women, who all remained anonymous, through an investigation that included interviews with dozens of industry professionals, as well as current and former employees of Batali. Three of the accusers worked for Batali at some point in their careers, Eater said.
Batali said in his statement that he knows his actions "have disappointed many people."
"To the people who have been at my side during this time — my family, my partners, my employees, my friends, my fans — I am grateful for your support and hopeful that I can regain your respect and trust," he said. "I will spend the next period of time trying to do that."
With an unmatched number of scoops, Brexit has become our most read and commented-on topic since the referendum. Follow key Brexit developments from differing regional perspectives along with expert trusted analysis.
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ultimate eco-car' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
People walk by a Wells Fargo bank branch on Oct. 13, 2017, in New York City.
The Federal Reserve said Friday it is restricting Wells Fargo's size in response to "widespread consumer abuses."
As a result, Wells Fargo plans to replace three directors by April and a fourth by the end of the year, CNBC reported.
Shares of the bank fell more than 2 percent in after-hours trading.
It's only been weeks since open banking hit the U.K., but the country's mandate for banks to share data with third-party services when the customer says so has already encountered a public backlash.
U.K. media, along with consumer advocacy groups, have called attention to the increased risks of fraud and cyberattacks that could result from the new data-sharing model.
This kind of negative coverage will likely stoke existing consumer concerns about banks sharing their data with third-party providers.
Banks should educate customers on what open banking is to help drive adoption, and ultimately, make money on new revenue models. Adobe Stock
Late last year, an Accenture survey of 2,000 U.K. consumers found that 69% of the respondents would not want their bank to share their data with retailers, tech firms and social media companies. In fact, 85% of the respondents said they worried about increased fraud risks, and 74% of them said they were concerned about having their data stolen. Much of these worries likely stem from a lack of knowledge: A survey from consumer advocacy group Which? found 92% of U.K. consumers weren't even familiar with the term open banking.
Only time will tell how this initiative will play out, especially as six of the U.K.'s nine largest financial institutions failed to meet the deadline for opening up their application programming interfaces. Many consumers may decide to avoid sharing their data with third parties unless banks help educate them on the benefits. The reality is open banking could help them manage their money and, in fact, the model is safer than the system we have now in the U.S., where consumers divulge their bank login credentials to a third party in order to use a service like Mint, the personal finance tracker.
While regulations are making open banking a reality in Europe, it is only a matter of time before open banking becomes a reality in the U.S., too. Therefore, U.S. banks must heed the public reaction to the U.K.'s new open banking initiative and resolve to help their customers understand how open APIs and third-party services will impact their financial lives before the initiative jumps overseas.
With or without new rules, growing customer expectations and increasing pressures from both traditional competitors and new entrants will force the hand of U.S. banks to open their customer data to third parties. This is a good thing.
Banks have long struggled to differentiate their products and make the most of their customer data. APIs, however, allow them to enlist the help of digitally native third-party companies that have expertise in analytics or user interfaces to accomplish both of those goals. In turn, banks can offer a wide range of new services to both consumers and other enterprises.
For example, customers could aggregate all of their data from different institutions into one bank's portal to get a single view of their financial lives. That capability, in turn, would create opportunities for the bank to offer more personalized financial advice — advice the bank could instantly deliver to the customer's mobile banking app. Banks could also create services for other businesses through APIs by, for example, charging the business customer minor fees to check a person's credit instantly.
Perhaps most significantly, open banking positions financial institutions to take on the role of trusted broker of that data and to launch identity management services. This would turn a consumer's bank into her most important data guardian at a time when data security and privacy concerns continue to grow among the public — an enviable role that would help keep banks relevant in an increasingly digital world.
Of course, banks that are quick to formulate and pursue effective open banking strategies will gain an early mover advantage with these services. However, to realize the vision and revenue opportunities, they must avoid the confusion and fear showcased in the U.K.'s open banking rollout.
To get ahead of the issue, banks in the U.S. should invest in broad customer outreach campaigns that explain what open banking is and what it means for customers, including the new types of services and experiences it will enable for them. Most importantly, those campaigns will need to clearly communicate the ways a bank is ensuring that customers' data is shared securely to mitigate fraud and identity theft risks.
In time, these efforts will help banks from losing out on important revenue sources while also driving more engagement with their customers.
Social Finance set an internal goal of lending more money in 2017 than it had in the previous five years combined. It was an aggressive target and one that counted on everything going exactly right.
Things didn't.
The Silicon Valley lender, which focuses on wealthy borrowers, missed its goal of $17.5 billion in loans by 26 percent, people with knowledge of the matter said, as the company battled executive departures, sexual-harassment allegations and the perception of a toxic-workplace environment.
Instead, the San Francisco-based firm, known as SoFi, made $12.9 billion in new loans last year, Ashish Jain, senior vice president of capital markets, said at a Jan. 23 event. Spokesman Jim Prosser told Bloomberg the company's true goal for 2017 was $13 billion in new loans, and that the higher projection was merely a "stretch" figure that the firm could've reached if "things went incredible."
Stretch figures weren't uncommon at the company under Mike Cagney, its co-founder and chief executive officer who left late last year amid company turmoil, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing internal matters. Cagney often set lofty goals to go along with the large ambitions he had for the startup, which began by refinancing student loans but has expanded into mortgages, personal loans, wealth management and other financial products.
Mike Cagney, SoFi's former CEO. Bloomberg News
Both projections reflected an ambitious plan to grow. SoFi made $6 billion in loans as of year-end 2015; by October of last year, it crossed the $25 billion mark.
The $4.6 billion miss came during a year SoFi weathered several departures, including Cagney, following claims of sexual harassment at the well-financed startup that last year investors valued at more than $4 billion. Despite falling short on loan volume, the firm still met its revenue goal by charging higher rates, one of the people said.
The company has since retreated from plans to expand overseas and pulled an application to start a bank as it battled a flurry of negative headlines and souring sentiment among some borrowers.
Last month, SoFi hired Anthony Noto, 49, formerly Twitter's chief operating officer, to be its new CEO. He's scheduled to start next month, but sat in on a board meeting earlier this week and has been seen in the office, one of the people said.
Bloomberg News
Tame Impala member Jay Watson has announced a new album as GUM. The followup to his 2016 release Flash in the Pan, the album is described as “evoking that sensation of triumph and that weird parallel universe feeling you get when the person that's not supposed to win, does.” The announcement comes with two new songs, “The Underdog” and “S.I.A.,” that have a bright psychedelic feel with heavy effects in the vocals. GUM's new album The Underdog drops April 6 via Spinning Top. Listen to the new tracks below.
LAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - LED Lites USA, a division of Renewable Energy and Power, Inc., ( OTC PINK : RBNW), a diversified corporation with markets in energy-saving technologies of LED lighting, solar and wind energy, is in talks to establish three new Sales and Distribution Centers serving Los Angeles, San Diego and Mexico for the company's LED lighting products.
"The enthusiastic response we received for our LED line of products at the recent WESTEC Trade Show at the L.A. Convention Center convinced us that distribution centers serving the Southern West Coast area was something we should establish as quickly as possible," said company president Donald MacIntyre. "Consequently, we are now in talks with a number of companies to stock and distribute our product in the Los Angeles, San Diego and Mexican markets. We're keying on companies with the expertise to assist our customers on-site for their new or retrofit needs, rather than just selling product."
LED lighting lowers energy costs directly and by lowering cooling bills as less heat is generated by LEDs. The expertise LED Lites USA provides, for both new and retrofit LED Lighting, allows businesses to take advantage of these savings with the lowest costs for the most advanced LED products, and with the least disruption to their on-going business.
LED Lites also provides learning material, both directly and through its website and social media, to those interested in learning more about LED Lighting. LED Lites USA constantly evaluates the LEDs being used in the products it provides, stocking those with the newest LEDs that provide the most effective illumination at the lowest cost. Upgrades to imported product increase the reliability and ease of installation, making the products of LED Lites USA stands out as manufactured in the USA from domestic and imported components rather than just passing on products supplied from overseas.
Renewable Energy and Power, Inc.'s website, www.reappower.com, illustrates the important services and products Renewable Energy and Power, Inc. (REAP) provides to the Green Energy market to make it competitive with fossil fuels by employing proprietary new technologies in combination with existing solar and wind-power electric generation and LED lighting. REAP functions in both domestic and international markets that are in vigorous growth stages with long-term prospects. Federal and state legislation in the United States, including many tax incentives, are driving businesses and consumers to replace older technologies with the new solar and LED alternatives offered by REAP.
Safe Harbor Act: Forward-Looking Statements are included within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, including words such as "anticipate," "if," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "could," "should," "will," and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements and involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. We are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
A middle schooler from Tennessee is teaching the world how painful bullying is, and how far we still have to go as a society.
Keaton Jones went viral over the weekend after his mother recorded a video of him describing the mean and hurtful things he's suffered at the hands of bullies at his school.
The touching video has celebs from all walks of life making it known that they stand with Keaton and against bullying.
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
Keaton, will you've my guest at the Premiere of #InfinityWar too? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have ever seen! Can't wait to meet you in person, pal. Forget those ignorant kids. One day, very soon, they are going to feel pretty stupid for this. https://t.co/BqJLxu25GN — Mark Ruffalo (@MarkRuffalo) December 11, 2017
Dear Keaton, we stand with you. Hit the flip to see which stars are team #JusticeForKeaton.
1 2 3 4 5Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Caroline Wozniacki has made another early exit from Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion lost 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova of Russia in a second-round match after being bothered by a swarm of flying insects in the second set.
Wozniacki was heard complaining to the umpire about the swarm and went to her bag to apply insect repellant.
“Can you do something? I'm here to play tennis and not eating bugs,” Wozniacki reportedly told the umpire.
Wozniacki asked for the match to be suspended to no avail.
“As we experienced at the Championships last year, the natural seasonal appearance occurs once a year when ants embark on what is often referred to as a ‘nuptial flight,' which should otherwise be thought of as a mating ritual,” a Wimbledon spokesperson said.
“It happens roughly on the same day across the country, with some regions following a day or two afterwards.”
Wozniacki has never been past the round of 16 at Wimbledon, and this is the fourth time in seven years she has lost in the first or second round.
The second-seeded Dane saved four match points at 5-3 in the final set before breaking back to level the match. But she was broken again in the last game.
Organizers used bug spray after Wozniacki complained to the chair umpire about the insects.
She is the fifth of the top eight women seeds to lose before the third round.
— With AP
Jeff Vespa/WireImage
Actors Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan arrive to the premiere of "Rush Hour 3" at Mann's Chinese Theater on July 30, 2007 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Jeff Vespa/WireImage)
By Alex Thomas, Rare.us
The last “Rush Hour” film was released a decade ago, but star Jackie Chan is teasing a comeback. In a Thursday appearance on a radio show, Chan said that the script for “Rush Hour 4” is finished and that he's waiting on his co-star, Chris Tucker, to get on board.
﻿>> Read more trending news ﻿
Chan claims that he has been working on the script for seven years and going through drafts and that the crew behind the film finally just agreed on the piece. Chan made it clear that he won't do the film without Tucker, saying that time is running out for the pair.
“For the last seven years, we've been turning down the script, turning down the script. Yesterday, we just agreed,” Chan said on ‘The Cruz Show' Thursday. “The script probably at the end of this month will have a second draft and next year, (we'll) probably start. If Chris Tucker agrees ... “It's about (having the) time to make ... I tell Chris Tucker, ‘Before we get old, please do ‘Rush Hour 4.'”
Tucker has been out of the spotlight for a while. While he was one of the highest-earning actors during the early 2000s, he hasn't put out anything recently.
In 2012, he appeared in “Silver Linings Playbook,” and he may be on a comeback tour, as he's also rumored to be appearing in “Last Friday,” which is a follow-up to his 1995 film “Friday.”
The first “Friday” film did incredibly well, scoring $244 million at the box office, and the following sequels each brought in hundreds of millions.
In a 2012 interview with Vulture, Tucker said he was willing to take part in another installment of the “Rush Hour” franchise.
“‘Rush Hour 4,' we're looking into it, me and Jackie,” Tucker said at the time. “We're trying to get it going, so we're developing something, so hopefully we'll get something in.”
Brianna Chambers contributed to this report.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – While the Minnesota Vikings' season didn't end the way they or the fans hoped it would, they can take solace in the fact that they pulled off one of the greatest football plays of all time in the Minneapolis Miracle.
Or at least the best play of the year. That's the award the Minneapolis Miracle received at the NFL Honors Saturday night.
KEENUM.
DIGGS.
GAME OVER. The Minneapolis Miracle is the @Bridgestone Elite Performance Play of the Year! #NFLHonors pic.twitter.com/b0ImnRYZk5 — NFL (@NFL) February 4, 2018
The play – also known as Buffalo Right Seven Heaven – shocked the Saints (and, probably, the Vikings too) as Case Keenum heaved a pass to Stefon Diggs, who caught it and – thanks to a whiffed tackle by Saints safety Marcus Williams – took it to the house for a walk-off touchdown.
Let's not talk about what happened one week later – for now, let's bask in the glow of the Minneapolis Miracle, the NFL's Play of the Year.
Samantha O'Connor, Special to Postmedia Network Oct 6, 2017
Julia Roberts' film career in nine minutes
Actresses with a resume like Julia Roberts deserve a lifetime achievement award. And James Corden offered his own version of the honour on The Late Late Show on Wednesday, in the form of a skit titled Role Recall. The late-night host joined Julia in helping act out her most iconic film roles, including scenes from Notting Hill, Erin Brockovich, My Best Friend's Wedding, Eat Pray Love and Pretty Woman.
Kimmel reignites gun control talk
In the wake of Sunday's devastating mass shooting in Las Vegas, the hosts of the late-night came forward to offer their heartfelt condolences to those affected by the shocking tragedy. Jimmy Kimmel got emotional when calling for stricter gun laws in the U.S. “I want this to be a comedy show, I hate talking about stuff like this,” Kimmel said on Monday. “I just want to laugh about things every night, but it seems to be becoming increasingly difficult lately. It feels like someone has opened a window into hell. What I'm talking about tonight isn't about gun control. It's about common sense. Common sense says no good will ever come from allowing a person to have weapons that can take down 527 Americans at a concert.”
Miley gives Hillary a thank you
Hillary Clinton and Miley Cyrus were both guests on The Tonight Show on Wednesday for two very separate reasons – one to promote an album and one to promote a book. But the two came together for an earnest embrace after a warm-hearted segment that thanked the former Secretary of State for all she had done for America and the women in it. “Thank you, Hillary, for being a constant beacon of strength, hope, and determination for me and millions of other young women,” Miley cried. “You've been a role model and an inspiration and a voice of reason in uncertain times.”
Colbert pounds Trump
President Donald Trump received a ton of flak from the mayor of San Juan for the White House's hurricane relief efforts and the speed in which he responded. But when the president finally traveled to the storm-devastated country this week, he was met by even more criticism by Stephen Colbert who mocked the POTUS in a Late Show monologue, after he was caught tossing rolls of paper towels into a crowd like he was shooting hoops. “After that, he went to a hospital and distributed antibiotics with a T-shirt cannon,” he joked.
The #PuberMe grand finale
Last week, Stephen Colbert challenged his celebrity guests to share embarrassing photos of themselves as teenagers. For every ugly photo he collected, $1,000 would be donated to Puerto Rico to help with hurricane relief. Lin-Manuel Miranda emerged on The Late Show on Thursday night, bringing the total to $1 million.
Nintendo
Splatoon 2 is getting a brand-new stage and weapon today.
The Snapper Canal stage will be added to the rotation. First introduced during September's Nintendo Direct, Snapper Canal features a river running through the middle of the stage that will splat anyone who falls in. From the pictures on the official Tumblr page, we can see that there will also be a lot of vantage points for snipers and a central walkway across the water acting as a choke points.
We'll also be getting the Bamboozler 14 Mk 1 today. A fan favorite from the original game, the Bamboozler 14 Mk 1
has the highest charge rate out of all the chargers but it's also the weakest. However the range is pretty decent and remains constant regardless of charge. According to the Splatoon 2 wiki, the weapon will come with the Curling Bomb and the Tenta Missiles.
Happy Friday! Today's DLC weapon – the Bamboozler 14 Mk l! pic.twitter.com/20XIVIYHnY — Splatoon 2 🎃 (@SplatoonSwitch) October 6, 2017
Last week's DLC weapon was the Tenta Brella, an alternate version off the standard Splat Brella that had stronger shot power, longer range, a slower shield launch, slower fire rate, more ink consumption, and a much wider area of shield coverage.
CTV Ottawa
An 89-year-old woman has died after her car plunged off Highway 5 and landed in a stream near Chelsea, Quebec on Sunday afternoon.
Police say 89-year-old Shirley Armstrong of Wakefield, Quebec crashed her car around 3 pm. Emergency crews tried to resuscitate the elderly woman, she was later pronounced dead at hospital.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The week-long sentencing hearing of former Olympic Gymnastics doctor and longtime Michigan State physician, Larry Nassar, would have been just another, unfortunately typical, #MeToo era proceeding without the fearless Judge Rosemarie Aquilina.
Through the heart-wrenching testimonies, she made it possible for victims to walk out of the courtroom with their heads held high, an atypical image for abuse survivors. Though some think this open advocacy isn't appropriate for the courtroom and deem her treatment of Nassar as overly harsh, I praise her action and see it as a step forward for women who have been victims of abuse.
After sentencing Nassar to 40 to 175 years in prison on top of a 60-year child pornography sentence, Judge Aquilina took the regular stoic image of a judge and threw it out the window, becoming one of the most powerful female advocates in recent years.
Once Judge Aquilina announced the opening of the hearing to all victims, hundreds of women, from Olympic medalists to former college athletes, flocked to court to provide testimony and air years of grief. What was estimated to be a hearing of estimated 80 statements became a week-long event of over 156 stories told. Judge Aquilina boldly called for all to “speak out like these survivors, become part of the army.” To another victim, she said, “leave your pain here and go out and do your magnificent things.”
Having a judge's support and open arms made the experience less fearful, and more about inspiring others. Providing these women an opportunity to dig deep and share their trauma has created a cathartic, yet supportive, space for previously voiceless victims to be heard on a nationwide scale.
On the flip side, Aquilina has addressed Nassar with severity. After Nassar's letter concerning his “mental stability” after days of victim statements, Judge Aquilina shut him down. “Spending four or five days listening to them is significantly minor,” she said, “considering the hours of pleasure you had at their expense.” This perfectly encapsulated what every supporter and every victim was thinking.
Though some of her comments concerning Nassar's punishment have been on the extreme side, Judge Aquilina's unforgiving attitude towards his weak explanations and defense is exactly how abuser's like Nassar should be treated. Too often, there are excuses made, or senseless coverups drawn up to defend those who have commited sex crimes.
Over the past few years, moments like Bill Cosby avoiding jail time after several rape accusations or Brock Turner receiving a lenient sentence of six months after sexually assaulting an unconscious woman, made justice seem far-fetched.
After seeing cases like these unfold on the side of the abuser, it's refreshing to see outright support of women.
This support came at the perfect time too. After an entire year filled with a president who outwardly brags about harassment, hundreds of celebrity and big business assault accusations, and ongoing threats against basic female healthcare, moments like Judge Aquilina throwing Nassar's letter aside are a victory. In the midst of a cultural movement against sexual harassment and abuse, high profile cases become reference points and, in this case, inspiration.
Sterling Riethman's, one of Nassar's victims, statement about Judge Aquilina conveyed just how far Judge Aquilina's support went.
“Her words are powerful. She heard us,” she said.
To find justice in court is a milestone, but being heard is what changes lives.
Photographer and activist Abd Alkader Habak was there working and was briefly knocked out by the blast. When he came to, he began trying to help the wounded.
“The scene was horrible — especially seeing children wailing and dying in front of you,” Habak told CNN. “So I decided along with my colleagues that we'd put our cameras aside and start rescuing injured people.”
The first child he checked on was dead.
He ran towards another. Someone shouted at him to stay away — the child was already dead, they said.
But he wasn't. Habak could see the boy was barely breathing.
He picked him up and began to run towards safety. His camera was still on, recording the chaos.
“This child was firmly holding my hand and looking at me,” he said.
An image taken by another photographer, Muhammad Alrageb, shows Habak dashing towards an ambulance, the child and his camera in his arms.
Algareb said he also helped some of the injured but then began taking photos.
“I wanted to film everything to make sure there was accountability,” he said. Also, he added, “I feel proud that there was a young journalist there helping save lives.”
Habak said he left the injured boy, who must have been only 6 or 7, at the ambulance. He doesn't know if the boy survived.
Then he ran back to scene of the bombing to help others. He came across another child on the ground. This one, too, was dead — one of 68 children killed in the attack.
After rescuing one boy, Habak is overcome with grief beside the body of another victim.
Real Star Upendra's political venture got a great start day before yesterday, August 12. The response to his ideas were tremendous as all his fans supported him and his ideals.
Upendra's ideals of giving back the power to people is taking more form and shape as more and more support is pouring in for the actor and his dreams.
Very recently, Rocking Star Yash openly declared his support to Upendra and his political ambitions. Likewise, many political leaders have expressed their happiness to see Upendra take the plunge into politics.
Meanwhile, the Real Star had given three e-mail addresses for the people to send their opinions. He had created prajakaarana1@gmail.com, prajakaarana2@gmail.com and prajakaarana3@gmail.com as the contact address for his new political venture.
Now, nearly, 48 hours after the announcement of those contact details, his new political venture seems to have received a staggering amount of response from his fans, followers and likewise.
It is being said that more than 15000 mails have dropped in even since the mail addresses were circulated. People from all over the world have mailed Upendra, their suggestions and ideas.
Ultimately, this new announcement has set in motion something new in the political arena. Even though the actor has not named his political party or got its symbol, the response is unusually huge.
Now that Upendra has received a lot of support from the people all over, it is up to him to decide how to take it forward and invest his time in planning something really good for his fellow citizens.
Wilson County Schools leaders, county commissioners and leaders and residents gathered at the chamber to discuss and gather information about the status and possibility of a new high school in the fastest-growing portion of the county, Mt. Juliet.
Last month, the Wilson County Budget Committee took no action on the district's needs assessment list, which included a new high school in Mt. Juliet on property adjacent to W.A. Wright Elementary School, estimated at $110 million.
Wilson County finance director Aaron Maynard said it would cost 12-18 cents on the tax rate to fund a new high school in Mt. Juliet, dependent upon how the debt payment is structured.
Maynard implied following last year's tax increase, the county would be strapped for funds for future school construction projects until 2025, based on projections, noting any project would likely require a tax increase.
“These schools are growing 100-200 (students) a year”
Wilson County Schools director Donna Wright and deputy director Mickey Hall led discussion on the new high school and its necessity in Wilson County.
Hall said as of Aug. 10, Mt. Juliet High School had 2,206 students, followed by Wilson Central with 1,949, Lebanon with 1,936 and Watertown with 548. Hall also noted that since the 2007-2008 school year, Watertown led the county's high schools in percentage enrollment growth, followed by Mt. Juliet, Lebanon and Wilson Central.
Hall said the district had the funds to begin the process of building the new school immediately, the high schools would see a significant increase before the doors would open in 2020.
Commissioners Joy Bishop, Cindy Brown, Frank Bush, Bobby Franklin, John Gentry, Jerry McFarland, Dan Walker and Diane Weathers submitted a joint letter of concern last month regarding the school system's needs lists.
The commissioners said in the letter “they understand there is an increase in student population each year, but that population is growing overwhelmingly in our county's southwest (Providence) area.”
Hall noted Friday that contrary to popular belief, the influx of residents to the Providence area of Wilson County has not impacted Mt. Juliet High School's enrollment numbers, since those students are zoned for Wilson Central.
Hall said the new high school would allow students in the western portion of the county who live north of I-40 to attend high school on that side of the interstate and vice versa.
“These schools are growing 100-200 (students) a year. You can tell Mt. Juliet is 2,200 today. It will be 2,500-2,600 and that is way out of portion. It's only built for 2,000. You're getting to a point where there's a diminish in return,” said Hall, who said overcrowding effects all aspects of a school from parking to academics.
“When you have that many kids, you have to concentrate on their core requirements to graduate first. So, some of the electives start going away,” he said.
Wright said the district also feels the impact of people who circumvent the district's residence policies.
“We have people that are researching. They do their homework before they get here. It's a huge compliment, but it's hard to manage,” she said. “We have people that are using lease agreements that live in surrounding districts so they can get here. It takes a lot of our time and resources to track that down. Not that we're trying to be ugly, but we're obligated to Wilson County first.”
Wright said even when the district proves a violation in residence policy some cases still end up in court.
Hall said if the doors to the new high school opened tomorrow, it would have 1,507 students – all from the county's northwest corner population. He said based on current population and rezoning for the school, Mt. Juliet's enrollment would drop to 1,363 students, while enrollment would fall to 1,253 at Wilson Central, 1,762 at Lebanon and 743 at Watertown.
$110 million is an estimate
Hall said the heartburn over the estimated $110 million price tag for the new school is premature, but the district's best estimate.
“This is just like when we built Wilson Central. Everything is brand new. If you look at a band on Friday night, you're looking to see if they look good and sound good. You probably don't realize you're looking at about $300,000 on a field just for a band,” said Hall, who said other aspects include furniture, fixtures, necessary equipment, special space for electives and more.
“The key to understand is it's an estimate. I don't know what it is until someone puts the number in a bid document and signs, notarizes it and says, ‘this is what we'll build your school for.' We can't go to a contractor and tell them to give us per penny what it'll be. We have to have an estimate – and educated guess on our part and our design group,'” Hall said.
Hall said the district estimates $200 per square feet in pure construction costs for the 395,000-square-foot high school based on the construction market. He said an additional 40 percent of that cost would go toward design fees, inspection fees, infrastructure and other expenses to equip the school.
District works with design team on all sites
The district's design team includes representatives from Civil Site Design Group and Kaatz Binkley Jones and Morris (KBJM) Architects, who examine the pros and cons of all potential high school sites.
Last year, the Wilson County school board voted 3-2, for the N. Green Hills site in Mt. Juliet for the new county high school. Board member Wayne McNeese and former member Don Weathers voted against the site.
The site scored an 84 out a possible 100 on a KBJM site study, 16 points higher than the next highest ranked site on Benders Ferry Road. Mt. Juliet City Commissioner Ray Justice spoke last year about the site, which falls in his district.
"A total of 1,436 homes that are probably going to come online in the next 12-18 months," Justice said. "The N. Green Hills site already has a five-lane road that goes to it. It's already set up for W.A. Wright traffic. What I didn't hear, and I want to point out, is with traffic conditions that we've got, if you take those people in the northwest quadrant of the county and take them to a new school on N. Green Hill Road, you've cut their travel time down considerably and the bus traffic time down considerably."
Other potential sites included 64 acres on Benders Ferry; 65 acres at W. Division Street near Devonshire Drive; 90 acres on S. Mt. Juliet Road; 284 acres on Double Log Cabin Road; and 78 acres at State Route 109 and Highway 70.
“It was the bargain of the century for this county.”
“Adding the $5,850,000 purchase price, the $115 million estimated final cost of this new high school will exceed the combined costs of the new Mt. Juliet and Lebanon High Schools, both of which were built in the last 10 years,” the commissioners' letter also read.
Hall said comparisons to the cost of Lebanon High School, contracted in 2010 for less than $50 million, were irrelevant, pointing to the country's recession during that time.
“What happened from 2008-2011? You cannot take that pricing structure, because it was the bargain of the century for this county. It was bid out at the correct time because people were hungry. You will never see that pricing again,” he said.
The Wilson County Commission and taxes
The Wilson County Commission approved a property tax increase last year of 35.17 cents more than the state certified rate. The approved increases included: Wilson County employee pay adjustments (15 cents); Wilson County Emergency Management Agency (2.07 cents); county convenient centers (1 cent); Wilson County Schools teacher raises (8.1 cents) and Mt. Juliet area middle school (9 cents).
Wilson County Mayor Randall Hutto said the situation was more complicated than simply raising property taxes because several residents in the county do not have an impact on the school system.
Hutto also noted the commission's commitment to funding education projects, which, since he took office, has included: construction of Lebanon and Watertown high schools and Springdale Elementary School; renovations/additions at West, Rutland, Tuckers Crossroads, Gladeville, Southside and Watertown elementary schools, West Wilson Middle School, Mt. Juliet Public Library, old Lebanon High School into a central office; land purchase for a new elementary, middle and high school in Mt. Juliet and a recent groundbreaking of a Gladeville middle school.
Maynard implied following last year's tax increase, the county would be strapped for funds for future school construction projects until 2025, based on projections, noting any project would likely require a tax increase.
“It's a balance between the pressure on you and supply the needs we have. That's a tough call and those [commissioners] back there have it. I don't vote. The budget committee did not attach it. Any of the county commissioners could speak up on the 21st and say, ‘Hey. I want to vote for a 12-cent tax increase.” “If they all vote for it, it could still happen. The pressure to do that on the back of 35 cents (last year) is tough. The need is there. No question.”
The Wilson County Commission will discuss the county's budget, which includes the Wilson County Schools budget, and potentially the new high school funding, Aug. 21 at the Wilson County Courthouse. A public hearing on the budget will be held at 6 p.m. prior to the 7 p.m. regular meeting.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2017-2018 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Banks' overdraft fees have critics seeing red
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Cameron Norrie produced a stunning fightback to beat Roberto Bautista Agut in Great Britain's Davis Cup tie with Spain, while defending champions France are level with the Netherlands.
After Liam Broady was beaten in straight sets by Albert Ramos Vinolas in Marbella, Britain - champions in 2015 - looked set to fall 2-0 behind as Bautista Agut forged a two-set lead.
But Norrie, ranked 114 in the world, produced an incredible turnaround against world number 23 Bautista Agut, rattling off three successive sets to win his first match on clay outside of the futures circuit 4-6 3-6 6-3 6-2 6-2.
Britain's #DavisCup debutants made their mark on an eventful opening day in Marbella.
🇪🇸1⃣🆚1⃣🇬🇧 pic.twitter.com/eQjc9A5tso — Davis Cup (@DavisCup) February 2, 2018
He said afterwards: "In the fifth set I went to serve and there was an eruption of noise and I thought, this is an incredible experience. I'm so happy. Best day of my tennis career, 100 per cent.
"I couldn't be happier with my performance. At the end I just tried to take it point by point and focus on my routines. I was just the better competitor and that showed. It was an incredible match - I'm going to struggle to sleep tonight for sure."
Richard Gasquet restored parity for France after Thiemo de Bakker surprised Adrian Mannarino, beating Robin Haase 6-4 7-6 (7-3) 3-6 7-5.
🇺🇸 @JohnIsner clinches a gruelling five-set clash against Serbia's Dusan Lajovic to give USA a 2-0 lead in Nis pic.twitter.com/tFZ3YXT4b0 — Davis Cup (@DavisCup) February 2, 2018
The United States needed over six hours to move into a 2-0 lead over Serbia, Sam Querrey overcoming Laslo Djere 6-7 (4-7) 6-2 7-5 6-4 in three hours and two minutes before John Isner ground out a 6-4 6-7 (7-9) 6-3 3-6 7-6 (7-4) triumph over Dusan Lajovic after three hours and 15 minutes.
Alexander Zverev needed nearly four hours to defeat teenager Alex de Minaur 7-5 4-6 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-4) before Nick Kyrgios redressed the balance with a 6-4 6-4 6-4 victory over Jan-Lennard Struff in Australia's tie with Germany.
The ties between Japan and Italy and Croatia and Canada are also level, while Kazakhstan and Belgium hold 2-0 leads over Switzerland and Hungary respectively.
He's calling it “the best film of 2017 thus far,” so if The Film Yap's Christopher Lloyd is giving Blade Runner 2049 such high praise, you know it's gotta be good! Here are his movie reviews for this week:
Blade Runner 2049
The uninvited sequel, now indispensable. Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford play two generations of replicant hunters in this extension of one of the most influential science fiction films of all time. Sad, wise, beautiful and filled with tempered joy; the best film of 2017 thus far.”
The Mountain Between Us
Idris Elba and Kate Winslet play two strangers sharing a charter plane ride that crashes in the remote frozen mountain, forcing them to forge a connection that allows them to survive.”
My Little Pony: The Movie
Those neon-colored equines finally get their big-screen adventure as dark forces threaten Ponyville, setting off a quest to find the magic of friendship.”
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
There's no reason for a fifth “PotC” movie to exist, but it's reasonably entertaining as long as you're willing to pull up oars on your brain and coast. Stream It.”
For more movie news and reviews, visit www.thefilmyap.com.
BY MICHAEL BURWELL STAFF WRITER OTTAWA — Ottawa-Glandorf's boys basketball team completed the “Liberty” weekend sweep on Saturday. And the Titans did it with another lights-out shooting performance. O-G shot a blistering 69 percent from the floor and had five players score in…
HANOVER, MD--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - D-Wave Systems Inc., the leader in the development and delivery of quantum computing systems and software, announced the addition of two new directors to the board of D-Wave Government Inc., a subsidiary formed to provide D-Wave's quantum computing systems to the U.S. government. Joining the board are Letitia "Tish" Long, former Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and the first woman to lead a major U.S. intelligence agency, and Steven M. West, D-Wave Systems Inc. board member and a 30-year veteran of the information technology marketplace.
Ms. Long has had a distinguished and decorated career in government. She served as a civilian in the U.S. Navy and the Intelligence Community from 1978 to 2014, retiring as the fifth director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Her other senior executive roles included Deputy Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence (Policy, Requirements and Resources), and Deputy Director of Naval Intelligence. Ms. Long is currently the Chairman of the Board of the Intelligence and National Security Alliance, and sits on the boards of Raytheon Company, Urthecast Corporation, Noblis, Inc., the Virginia Tech School of Public and International Affairs and the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation. Ms. Long is the recipient of the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Civilian Service, the Presidential Rank Award of Distinguished Executive, the Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Award, the Presidential Rank Award of Meritorious Executive (two awards) and the National Intelligence Distinguished Service Medal (two awards).
Steven M. West is the founder and a partner in Emerging Company Partners LLC, a capital investor and a provider of advisory services to technology firms. Over the course of his career he has held many executive positions including CEO of nCUBE Corporation, a provider of on-demand media systems; president and CEO of Entera, an Internet content delivery firm (acquired by Blue Coat Systems, Inc.); CEO of Hitachi Data Systems, and Group Executive of EDS. Currently Mr. West serves on the boards of directors of Cisco Systems and D-Wave. He was formerly on the board of Autodesk, a 3D design software; Delta-Q Technologies, makers of power management and power conversion solutions; and Bycast Inc., advanced storage virtualization software for large-scale digital archives and storage clouds.
"Adding such impressive executive leadership to the board of D-Wave Government Inc. speaks to the growing importance of quantum computing for government," said Robert "Bo" Ewald, president of D-Wave International. "Ms. Long's career includes nearly four decades of outstanding service to the U.S. government. Mr. West is a highly regarded technology executive and has been a valued member of the D-Wave board since 2008. We are very fortunate and appreciative that both have agreed to join the D-Wave Government board to lend their expertise to our government operations."
"Quantum computing will provide an unprecedented new resource to solve important problems we face," said Ms. Long. "As the industry leader in quantum computing, D-Wave will help shape how this exciting technology will aid the defense and intelligence communities. I look forward to working with the D-Wave team to make continued progress supporting our national priorities."
Long and West join current board members with deep experience at U.S. government agencies including the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense and the National Science Board. These include Jeffrey K. Harris, chairman of the U.S. Geospatial Intelligence Foundation and former president of Lockheed Martin Missiles and Space; Dr. Delores Etter, who served as the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Science and Technology and Assistant Secretary of the Navy; Frances Fleisch, former Executive Director of the National Security Agency and special advisor to the U.S Strategic Command; and Dr. Donald M. Kerr, former Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence and Director of the National Reconnaissance Office.
About D-Wave Systems Inc.
D-Wave is the leader in the development and delivery of quantum computing systems and software, and the world's only commercial supplier of quantum computers. Our mission is to unlock the power of quantum computing to solve the most challenging national defense, scientific, technical, and commercial problems. D-Wave's systems are being used by some of the world's most advanced organizations, including Lockheed Martin, Google, NASA Ames and Los Alamos National Laboratory. With headquarters near Vancouver, Canada, D-Wave's U.S. operations are based in Palo Alto, CA and Hanover, MD. D-Wave has a blue-chip investor base including Goldman Sachs, Bezos Expeditions, DFJ, In-Q-Tel, BDC Capital, Growthworks, Harris & Harris Group, International Investment and Underwriting, and Kensington Partners Limited. For more information, visit: www.dwavesys.com
Mayor: Naperville 'must fight complacency' for strong future
hello
Naperville Mayor Steve Chirico talks a lot about the future. He often says he wants future generations to look back and thank today's leaders for setting them on a prosperous path.
As he gave his third State of the City address Monday before a Naperville Area Chamber of Commerce crowd of 580, Chirico talked about the decisions he thinks will create a successful future with balanced finances, a strong economy and a well-run city.
"Great communities just don't happen by accident," he said during a lunch at the Embassy Suites hotel. "Careful planning and thoughtful decisions made Naperville the city it is today."
Some of the decisions Naperville stands to consider this year relate to "collaboration, consolidation and efficiency," Chirico said.
The city council plans to begin discussions April 9 about whether internal resources should be allocated differently between the city and the two other organizations that share in its property tax levy -- Naperville Public Library and Naper Settlement.
The fire department also is pondering station consolidation.
"Safety is the No. 1 concern, of course," Chirico said. "But we recognize Naperville has reached build out. So we need to ask ... if our stations are in the best locations, or if reconfiguring them could provide better service."
No areas of the city are vastly underserved, with slow fire department response times, or vastly overserved, with stations too close together, City Manager Doug Krieger said. But if the city were to choose station locations based on current population distribution, they likely would be placed differently.
"We're always looking to optimize," Krieger said.
Chirico also emphasized the idea of consistent optimization toward goals of providing financial stability, economic development, public safety and a high-performing government.
"We must fight complacency -- and the status quo -- all day every day," he said. "Naperville is a leader. We always have been, and we always will be. It's simply who we are."
Financially, the city is on track to meet a series of principles set in 2015, which include increasing reserves to 25 percent of operating expenses and reducing debt by 25 percent by the end of 2022. Chirico said the city has built cash reserves of 21 percent and reduced debt by nearly $20 million since 2014.
In economic development, a long-vacant former Walmart is just one of three vacancies at large facilities the city recently has filled. Chirico said the Mall of India is expected to open at the former Walmart site by late summer, with a grocery store, food court, learning center, shops and eventually a banquet hall.
Chirico thanked leaders of the past, calling them "giants" and challenging those in the audience to become "giants" in their own time.
He recognized the late Frank Slocumb, longtime president of Harris Bank in Naperville. He applauded Mayor Emeritus George Pradel, who led the city for 20 years. And he praised retiring KidsMatter Executive Director IdaLynn Wenhold, who helped grow a nonprofit that strengthens the city's youth
Wenhold introduced Chirico before his speech with a rhyming rap to the accompaniment of the Cloud 9 boys' a cappella group from Waubonsie Valley High School.
"He won't accept less than what's best for our city so we are all blessed," Wenhold said. "He's not as cute and cuddly as Mayor Pradel used to be. But he's sure a classy mayor, standing strong for you and me."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
HALLANDALE BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - The search continues for a driver responsible for a hit-and-run in Hallandale Beach, which put a man in a coma.
The victim, Claytron Peterson, was struck from behind by an SUV on Tuesday night, along Northwest Sixth Avenue. Hallandale Beach Police said he was walking northbound when the SUV hit him and fled the scene.
Police believe the vehicle is a dark-colored Nissan Murano, which should have front passenger side damage and a missing bumper cover.
As for Peterson, he remains at Memorial Regional Hospital's Intensive Care Unit and still in a coma.
A fundraiser was held, Friday, at Hallandale Beach City Hall for Peterson. Many residents and officials attended the fundraiser, which raised money for the victim and his family.
Peterson worked part-time for Hallandale Beach's parks and recreation department. “You see it on the news all of the time,” said Peterson's boss, Cathie Schanz, “but when it's a member of your family, it's different. How can someone just drive away?”
“He's well-known in the community,” said Hallandale Beach Police Capt. Rashana Dabney-Donovan. “He's a part-time employee with parks. He also works with our PAL [Police Athletic League] program. He's very well-liked. He's intelligent. He's one of those people you grow to love.”
If you have any information on this hit-and-run, call Broward County Crime Stoppers at 954-493-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $3,000 reward.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In a letter dated December 9, the United States Environmental Protection Agency notified the Town of Marion that it would be moving forward in issuing the Town its National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit, despite the Town's efforts to propose alternative approaches to the significantly more stringent nitrogen levels.
Marion's last NPDES permit expired back in 2012 and, during the past approximately two years since the EPA first contacted the Town regarding the reissuance of the permit, the town has been meeting with engineers, the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection, and the EPA with proposed measures to find solutions “outside the box,” as Town Administrator Paul Dawson put it, that would allow the town to find an alternative to costly upgrades to the existing wastewater treatment plant and sludge lagoons.
“While we have benefitted from the additional information that we have received from you and others … since the public notice period ended nearly a year ago,” writes Ellen Weitzler, section chief of municipal permits at the EPA, “we are not persuaded by your reasons to further delay the long overdue reissuance of Marion's permit.”
The Town had hoped the EPA would allow more time to explore regionalization of its sewer system with neighboring towns including Wareham and also took measures to explore the feasibility of tying the neighborhoods at Aucoot Cove to minimize septic system nitrogen pollution.
“Needless to say, we were a little surprised,” said Dawson. “We thought that made sense…. You can see in their letter they appreciate our proposal … but they don't agree with us…”
Dawson said the Town would have no choice but to appeal the NPDES permit once it is issued, which could result in “a long drawn-out battle.”
“We just think that our approach makes sense,” Dawson said.
Dawson said the EPA's attitude had been quite “arrogant.”
Selectman Steve Gonsalves is hoping that a Donald Trump administration and its stances on the EPA might benefit Marion pertaining to the wastewater NPDES permit.
“With the new administration change, I think it's going to be a positive [for Marion],” Gonsalves said, adding that he was praying he was right. “They are gearing up for an administration change … and I don't think it's at the top of [Trump's] priority list right now.”
Dawson agreed that changes in NPDES permit standards could very well change under President-elect Trump.
For now, Dawson said he is relying on Massachusetts Senator Bill Keating to put some political pressure on the EPA to assist Marion, and this is his only hope right now, for the time being.
By Jean Perry
The US has chosen Maryland headquartered Development Alternatives, Inc (DAI), to implement a mega project meant to reform Sri Lanka's public sector, in accordance with an agreement between Sri Lanka and the House Democracy Partnership of the US House of Representatives.
Strengthening Democratic Governance and Accountability Project (SDGAP) worth Rs 1.92 bn (USD 13 mn) is first of its kind implemented in Sri Lanka.
The US embassy in Colombo confirmed that DAI would work closely with the Parliament, Independent Commissions and related ministries.
DAI operates in Asia, the Pacific, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Latin America, the Caribbean, West Asia, North Africa as well as Sub-Saharan Africa.
The project has been finalised by a parliamentary delegation led by Speaker Karu Jayasuriya during a visit to Washington last September. The delegation comprised Ajith P. Perera, Deputy Minister of Power and Renewable Energy, Karunaratne Paranavithane, Deputy Minister of Parliament Reform and Mass Media, Dr. Sudarshini Fernandopulle, State Minister of City Planning and Water Supply, Dhammika Dassanayake, Secretary General of Parliament. The delegation was joined by Sri Lanka's Ambassador to the United States of America, Prasad Kariyawasam.
According to the US embassy, the House Democracy Partnership of the U.S. House of Representatives was currently implementing projects in Afghanistan, Myanmar, Colombia, Georgia, Haiti, Indonesia, Iraq, Kenya, Kosovo, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Liberia, Macedonia, Mongolia, Pakistan, Peru, Timo-Leste and Ukraine.
The US embassy said that SDGAP was subject to the laws and regulations of the United States, with oversight from USAID's Office of Inspector General. “The project is also subject to the bilateral agreement between the United States and Sri Lanka,” it said.
The Island sought explanation from the US embassy as regards the USAID project.
The Island: When will you be releasing first tranche of Rs. 1.92 bn (USD 13 mn) allocated for three year Strengthening Democratic Governance and Accountability Project (SDGAP) here?
US embassy: USAID allocated the initial USD 3 million for the USD 13.7 million Strengthening Democratic Governance and Accountability Project (SDGAP) in September of 2016 and the program was launched in November of 2016. The project will help the Government of Sri Lanka to increase transparency and accountability, advance good governance reforms, and strengthen systems and processes for public accountability, financial management, policy development and implementation. It also supports the government to strengthen communication with citizens, include the public in policy-making, and increase the participation of women in political processes.
The Island: On behalf of GoSL who will receive funds and be responsible for utilization of funds?
US embassy: SDGAP will be implemented by Development Alternatives, Inc., in close collaboration with the Sri Lanka Parliament, Independent Commissions, and other related Ministries.
The Island: Can you please name other countries accommodated in United States' House Democracy Partnership programme?
The US embassy: Sri Lanka is the 18th country to become a member of the House Democracy Partnership. The Sri Lanka Parliament and the House Democracy Partnership of the U.S. House of Representatives launched a Collaboration Agreement to strengthen partnership between the two legislatures on September 14th, in Washington D.C.
The Island: Will SDGAP project be subjected to Sri Lanka's Auditor General's purview?
US embassy: Since funding for SDGAP is provided from the United States Government, it is subject to the laws and regulations of the United States, with oversight from USAID's Office of Inspector General. It is also subject to the bilateral agreement between the United States and Sri Lanka. Notably, USAID also has projects that work directly with the Auditor General's Office on procurement reform, the Parliamentary Committees on Public Accounts and Public Enterprises, the National Procurement Commission, and others to support transparency, accountability, and capacity development.
The Island: Did US provide funds for a similar project to any previous GoSL?
US embassy: Since 1956, the United States has provided over $2 billion in assistance in a wide range of sectors, including agriculture, small business development, environment, health, education, infrastructure, transportation, humanitarian assistance, civil society development, electoral reform, and good governance. Following the January 2015 elections, new programs like SDGAP reflect the U.S. government's promises to support the vision of the Sri Lankan people of a peaceful, democratic, and inclusive country. SDGAP follows on the successes of a previous program that provided short-term technical assistance to the Sri Lanka Parliament.
The Island: Is continuation of funding subjected to implementation of SDGAP as scheduled?
US embassy: SDGAP has a total estimated cost of USD 13.7 million. Future obligations to the project will be done subject to the availability of funding and in accordance with the contract documents with Development Alternatives, Inc.
(Source: The Island – By Shamindra Ferdinando)
"Old man is having fun under metallica " is the title of your new favorite video. We have no idea where this took place, it's uploader Karbofos02's one and only video, and he turned off the comments and left no description. So just enjoy this man who's wise and collected enough to have the glasses with the don't-lose-'em rope, but still wild and zesty enough to headbang pretty hard and smash his steering wheel with that moshpit elbow-move.
How Metal Are You? Find Out With Our Quiz
'Tallica returned in November with Hardwired...To Self-Destruct after eight years without an album. You can bet this guy was at the midnight release, and that he knows a place where they still do midnight releases.
Head all the way to the other end of the Metallica-fan age spectrum by watching bassist Robert Trujillo's 12-year-old son Tye join Korn on tour in South America. And check out a delightfully old-school Metallica interview, too:
A counter demonstrator gets a splash of water after being hit by pepper spray at the entrance to Lee Park in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. Gov. Terry McAuliffe declared a state of emergency and police dressed in riot gear ordered people to disperse after chaotic violent clashes between white nationalists and counter protestors. Steve Helber AP Photo
One if four women have arrived at a wedding to find someone else wearing the same outfit. According to a new survey, a third of the women who have shared fashion sense are sure the other woman looked better in it than they did. It's my opinion you should just own it. What else can you do? If you're at wedding reception, get out on the dance floor and wave your arms in the air like you just don't care!
/ Front page / News
KAILA! Star Search hopeful Kaliti Buadromo is geared up to raise the bar at next week's first round of competition.
The 21-year-old has never performed in front of an audien­ce before. However, she is re­a­dy to come out of her comfort zone and express her passion for music.
"I will perform Rolling in the Deep by Adele and I chose this song because I felt that was catchy, enjoyable and it would definitely catch a lot of people's attention," she said. "Since this is the first round of competition, I'm determined to bring my A-game and perform my heart out."
Ms Buadromo said she was thankful for her mum and best friends' support.
"I am self-taught and I have been doing a lot of practising at karaoke bars just so I have a feel of performing in front of people," she said.
An accounting student at the University of the South Pacific, Ms Buadromo said time management was crucial to ensure she had time to prepare for the competition and being able to hand in her assignments on time.
Swift: Erika Goldring/FilmMagic; Kesha: Christopher Polk/Getty Images for Spotify
Kesha sends her love and support to Taylor Swift, who is currently towards the end of her sexual assault court case. The "Praying" singer tweeted on Monday morning, "I support you always, and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. Truth is always the answer."
. @taylorswift13 i support you always, and especially right now and admire your strength and fearlessness. truth is always the answer. — kesha (@KeshaRose) August 14, 2017
On Aug. 10, Swift took the stand and testified against former Denver radio DJ David Mueller who allegedly groped her during a meet-and-greet in 2013. According to the testimony, the singer claimed Mueller lifted her skirt and grabbed her "bare ass cheek," describing the grope as "a very long grab." Kesha, who has been in a long-publicized battle with reported abuser Dr. Luke, most likely connected to what Swift has been going through.
The two pop stars have showed each other love throughout the years, with Swift last donating $250,000 to Kesha in the midst of her strenuous legal battle last February. "In a show of support, Taylor Swift has donated $250,000 to Kesha to help with any of her financial needs during this trying time," a statement from her rep read.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
For years, women have tried to mask their freckles and cover the imperfections with makeup. Now, in a new 'natural look' trend fueled by social media, freckles are now being tattooed onto faces.
Michael Cohen leaves the United States District Court Southern District of New York on Wednesday in New York City. Don Emmert/Getty Images
Judge Kimba Wood on Wednesday set a June 15 deadline for President Donald Trump and Michael Cohen to make attorney-client privilege claims from a stash of millions of materials seized by the FBI last month, news outlets reported.
The decision ramps up pressure on Cohen's legal team, which had asked for the opportunity to review documents until mid-July, and Trump's lawyers to complete the task.
The Associated Press reported that Wood said that if the review wasn't completed in time, she would hand the work over to a prosecutorial filter team. Cohen's attorneys had successfully argued that a special master needed to review the documents and review privilege claims rather than a filter team to prevent “even the appearance of impropriety.”
While Wood sided with Cohen's lawyers and agreed to appoint special master Barbara Jones, she has repeatedly said that she had full confidence in the independence of a filter team. That team would be a group of prosecutors working separately from the investigation of Cohen who would look through the documents and make determinations about what might constitute attorney-client privileged communications that would then be adjudicated by the judge if there were any disputes.
Prosecutors reportedly told Wood's court that only two blackberries and the contents of a shredder had yet to be turned over to Jones.
Cohen attorney Todd Harrison told the court that 1.3 million of 3.7 million files had already been reviewed Cohen's team, according to Reuters.
According to a court filing by Jones, Trump and Cohen had made at least 252 claims of privilege so far. Among the items that have been given to her for review by the teams of Trump or Cohen are “electronic images” and “electronic data from a video recorder” that includes “various video.”
On Tuesday, Jones submitted a $47,390 invoice for the work she had done between April 24–April 30, the cost of which is being split between Cohen and the government.
Another part of the court proceeding on Wednesday involved a dispute between Cohen's attorneys and Stormy Daniels attorney Michael Avenatti.
Avenatti had been seeking to be admitted pro hac vice to the proceedings. Cohen's attorneys had argued in a briefing that he had created a “deliberate creation of a carnival atmosphere.” Wood appeared to partly side with them, requesting Avenatti halt his publicity tour if he wanted to be allowed into proceedings.
“I say publicity tour not in a derogatory sense,” Wood said, according to the Hill. “You're entitled to publicity, I can't stop you—unless you're participating in a matter before me.”
After the hearing, Avenatti withdrew this request. On MSNBC, he stated that it was not necessary to maintain the request while his client's separate request to intervene in the case was being held in abeyance while she awaited a hearing.
Avenatti also told the network that audio recordings of conversations taken by Cohen and currently under review contained a discussion between Cohen and Daniels' former attorney, Keith Davidson, in which Avenatti alleges Davidson violated Daniels' attorney-client privilege. He also suggested that some of those tapes included the president's voice.
By Dave Lifton
Passion Pit have two new songs as frontman Michael Angelakos starts a project to help musicians.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
China's top football team vows to phase out foreign players
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Yashmin Harun from the Muslimah Sports Association explains how her team of volunteers are committed to providing opportunities and empowerment through sports to Muslim and BAME women.
READ MORE: How to exercise, eat and sleep well during Ramadan
Tell us your story at getinspired@bbc.co.uk
SUNRISE, Fla. (AP) — Jonathan Huberdeau wasn't quite sure he had scored the winning goal until the referees reviewed the play.
With the score tied at 2, and a lot of traffic in front of the crease, Huberdeau slid a rebound under Petr Mrazek's pad from the edge of the crease with 7.7 seconds left as the Detroit goalie fell down. The goal was challenged for goalie interference by the Red Wings but the call stood and the Florida Panthers secured a 3-2 victory Saturday night.
When asked if he thought the goal might be disallowed, Huberdeau admitted he was nervous.
“A little bit. I knew I was close to the goalie, but whenever he pushes you, it should be a good goal,” he said. “You never know these days. I think goalie interference this year has been either way. I'm just glad we got a nice two points tonight.”
The Red Wings certainly didn't see it that way.
“I just think it's frustrating because it appears it's changed in the last week,” Red Wings coach Jeff Blashill said. “A week ago, for sure, that was no goal. This week it looks like everything's a goal. Over the All-Star break they had lots of conversations, and it's changed in a week.”
Aleksander Barkov and Aaron Ekblad also scored for the Panthers, and Harri Sateri made 26 saves for his third straight NHL win. Keith Yandle had two assists to help the Panthers win their third straight.
“I was proud of the way we kept battling to the end. It was an up-and-down game,” said Panthers coach Bob Boughner, who admitted he also wasn't sure about that late goal. “There was some goalie contact, but it was more from incidental contact. That's what I was thinking. And crossing my fingers that's what they thought, too.”
5 Takeaways: Huberdeau's game-winner came with 7.7 seconds left in regulation and lifted the #FlaPanthers to their third-straight victory. » https://t.co/Xajktcdw7W pic.twitter.com/KPHcEtRXnG — Florida Panthers (@FlaPanthers) February 4, 2018
Danny DeKeyser scored both goals for Detroit and Mrazek stopped 30 shots in his third straight start.
“I don't know what's going to be goalie interference,” Mrazek said. “He came inside the crease and bumped me a little bit and I fell. Real disappointing and very upset. We fought hard and deserved that point tonight.”
Many of the Detroit players were bitter at the loss, especially being so close to at least one point.
“Losing a game like this on a call that yesterday could have been goalie interference and today it's not?” Red Wings captain Henrik Zetterberg said. “Probably tomorrow that will be goalie interference again.”
Barkov broke a 1-1 tie with his goal with 6:22 left in the second period. Evgenii Dadanov passed to Barkov in the high slot and Barkov skated in and beat Mrazek on the glove side.
DeKeyser tied it with his second of the game. Sateri blocked a shot and the bouncing puck went off DeKeyser's skate as he crashed the net and went across the goal line at 3:00 of the third period.
Ekblad's goal gave the Panthers a 1-0 lead at 3:14 of the first. Ekblad took a pass from Huberdeau in the slot and backhanded the puck off the post and into the net.
DeKeyser tied the score when his shot from the slot went over Sateri's shoulder on the stick side at 8:51 of the second.
NOTES: The Panthers are 14-0-0 when leading after 40 minutes.Panthers D Alex Petrovic played his 200th NHL game. … Florida F Jamie McGinn returned after missing two games with an upper-body injury. … The Red Wings played their third game in four days. … DeKeyser played his 350th NHL game.
UP NEXT:
Red Wings: Host the Boston Bruins on Tuesday
Panthers: Host the Vancouver Canucks on Tuesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Lesley Abravanel covers nightlife in her weekly column, Velvet Underground, in which she scopes the scene for stars, scandal and social studies. A former wanna-be clubkid in the late 80s NYC club scene heyday, she skipped town for Miami, where she's been since 1990--the so-called halcyon days of South Beach clubdom.
Alex Wong/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — After President Donald Trump denounced “white supremacists” and “hate groups” Monday in remarks about the violence over the weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is calling on the president to fire his chief strategist, Steve Bannon.
Bannon has been singled out by critics of the administration who believe his viewpoints reflect that of the so-called “alt-right,” a right-wing group with ideologies often defined as promoting white nationalism. In Charlottesville, a white nationalist rally protesting the decision to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee erupted in violence Saturday, eventually leading to the death of a woman who was struck by a car driven by an alleged Nazi sympathizer into a group of counter-protesters.
“If the president is sincere about rejecting white supremacists, he should remove all doubt by firing Steve Bannon and the other alt-right white supremacist sympathizers in the White House,” said Pelosi, D-Calif. in a statement Monday. The minority leader additionally described Bannon as “shameless enforcer of those un-American beliefs.”
In November, upon Bannon's appointment to the White House team, Pelosi released a statement in which she called the former executive chair of the conservative news outlet Breitbart a “white nationalist” and criticized his hiring by Trump.
“Bringing Steve Bannon into the White House is an alarming signal that President-elect Trump remains committed to the hateful and divisive vision that defined his campaign,” said Pelosi at the time. “There must be no sugarcoating the reality that a white nationalist has been named chief strategist for the Trump administration.”
On Monday, Pelosi was one of many politicians who expressed their disappointment with Trump's delay in forcefully identifying and condemning the hate groups involved in the rally and subsequent clashes.
“It shouldn't take the president of the United States two days to summon the basic decency to condemn murder and violence by Nazis and white supremacists,” she said.
Pelosi's call for Bannon's dismissal came the same day that the leader of the Anti-Defamation League, an advocacy group that combats anti-Semitism, told reporters that he thinks there should be a government inquiry into whether members of the White House staff have “links to white supremacy or white nationalist organizations.”
“I think the appropriate thing is to use the Department of Justice and Office of Government Ethics to do the investigation themselves,” said Jonathan A. Greenblat, the CEO of the ADL. He added, “The best way to determine if there are people with links these organizations is to use government resources,” rather than to simply take their word for it.
Bannon has previously denied that his political beliefs are racist in interviews given shortly after Trump's election victory last year.
“I'm not a white nationalist, I'm a nationalist,” Bannon told The Hollywood Reporter in November, explaining that his positions have been misinterpreted and are pegged to economic policies intended to assist the “American working class.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
This is a great Heinz ad that indicated their ketchup is made from fresh tomatoes.
Heatmaps highlight areas of the image that are likely to receive attention within the first …
The residents of Toronto, Canada are trying to process the horror of the news that a local man killed 10 pedestrians after he ran them over while driving a van at full-speed.
The man accused of steering a white rental van down a packed Toronto street, killing 10 people and leaving 15 others injured, appears to have praised the killer in a 2014 attack near the University of California, Santa Barbara https://t.co/MAgCHnrIbp pic.twitter.com/ZUOoBYUaJF — CNN (@CNN) April 24, 2018
CNN has all the details surrounding the terrifying murders of 10 Toronto pedestrians, who were all killed by Alek Minassian as he plowed into them while driving. It has also just been announced that Minassian is officially charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder for taking the lives of his unsuspecting victims.
Via CNN:
No one knows why a rental van plowed into Toronto pedestrians for nearly a mile — except for the driver himself. By the end of the melee Monday, 10 pedestrians were killed. Another 15 were injured. And now the suspect is in custody, though the reason for the devastation remains unclear.
Investigators hope to get more answers when the suspect, Alek Minassian of Richmond Hill, Ontario, appears in court at 10 a.m. ET Tuesday. So far, officials aren't calling this an act of terrorism. “There would appear to be no national security connection,” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said. But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said “it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate.” The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk. Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said. A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims, while also acknowledging the hard work of first responders. Speaking to the press about the deadly attack, he said “We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities. We are monitoring this situation closely and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians.”
Trudeau continued his statements by hoping for a motive sooner rather than later. “Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it.”
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Issa Rae Teams Up With BET To Find New Talent For TV Series
Lizzo Shares How Her Bare Ass Brought Her Liberation At Beautycon
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
SMILES: Member for Lismore Thomas George with Lismore Chamber of Commerce and Industry at Northern Rivers Conservatorium.
SMILES: Member for Lismore Thomas George with Lismore Chamber of Commerce and Industry at Northern Rivers Conservatorium.
MEMBER for Lismore Thomas George has announced the Northern Rivers Conservatorium has successfully secured $636,000 as part of the first round of the NSW Government's $100m Regional Cultural Fund (RCF).
The refurbishment of the conservatorium is one of 68 projects from 12 regions across NSW, sharing in close to $50m in the first round of grants.
The $100million Regional Cultural Fund is part of the NSW Government's $1.3billion Regional Growth Fund which aims to improve not only the economic outcomes but the standard of living and well-being of people who call regional NSW home.
Mr George said the historic conservatorium building will be given a new look with administrative and public spaces refurbished, and a lift and internal ramps installed.
"I congratulate the Northern Rivers Conservatorium on the successful outcome of its grant application, and for putting forward a project that will enhance the cultural infrastructure of Lismore,” Deputy Premier John Barilaro said.
"It was music to my ears when Mr Barilaro told me the grant had been successful and I thank him for his support of the important project,” conservatorium director Anita Bellaman said.
Well, that was fast. Elon Musk claims to have sold out of flamethrowers in just four days.
The Tesla founder said on Twitter that he would stop taking orders for the $500 devices after selling 20,000. The goal was to raise $10 million for his tunneling business, The Boring Company.
The Boring Company, founded in 2016, has plans to create a network of underground tunnels to ease traffic congestion.
Musk, who is known for provocative antics, first mentioned plans to sell a flamethrower in December, and repeatedly plugged the idea on social media.
The Boring Company insisted the flamethrower is safe.
"Much like a roller coaster, this is designed to be thrilling without danger," a company spokesman said in a statement.
Musk had advertised the flamethrowers as "guaranteed to liven up any party," drawing a huge reaction online.
"When the zombie apocalypse happens, you'll be glad you bought a flamethrower," he tweeted on Sunday. "Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!"
Related: Can Elon Musk make subway tunnels cool again?
The flamethrowers will start shipping in the spring, according to The Boring Company's website. Musk said in a tweet that each flamethrower would be dispatched with a complimentary fire extinguisher.
The Boring Company previously sold 50,000 hats for $20 apiece in 2017. The business is privately funded.
Related: Tesla won't pay Elon Musk unless...
Not everyone is amused. Miguel Santiago, who serves in the California State Assembly, said he would file legislation to block the stunt.
"We've now seen some of the worst wildfires in California's history, so handing out flame torchers for $500 is a really bad idea and bad public policy," he said.
-- Julia Horowitz and Bill Burke contributed to this report.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The area around the La Casa Grande, 700 Southwest Boulevard, was taped off early Monday morning as police investigated a double shooting that happened at about 3 a.m.
One person was shot in the upper body and his injuries are considered life-threatening. A second person was shot in the leg, injuries he or she is expected to survive.
The two shooting victims were outside the club when police arrived.
Police had the area taped off from Summit to the I-35 overpass.
Detectives are talking to potential witnesses who were in the club at the time of the shooting. There is a strong possibility that several people knew the shooter but they are not releasing any suspect information right now. A detective asked us not to show any close ups of any of the people they were interviewing so as not to jeopardize this investigation.
Look for updates on FOX 4 newscasts/fox4kc.com
