Education Minister Mitizi Hunter, left, greets Patrick Case and Sue Herbert, authors of the report into the York Region District School Board concerning racism and management travel spending. ( Rick Madonik / Toronto Star file photo )
Schools teach children life skills: how to think critically, behave respectfully, act ethically, assume responsibility. Choose your own checklist. No matter the variations on the above themes, a recurring question arises: Why can't school trustees, entrusted with educating our children, aspire to similar standards? Yet another special report, ordered by the Ministry of Education on a delinquent school board, arrived this month. Another devastating post-mortem on the life skills and work habits of elected trustees. This time it's the York Region board of trustees guilty of gross incompetence in managing money — and themselves. Measured against the above checklist, they failed on every count. A botched hiring of the board's director granted him employment-for-life. Bungled responses to homophobic and racist incidents. Untrammelled travel by untrustworthy trustees. Playing games, playing politics, playing trustees off against one another. Patronizing parents. Abdicating ethical responsibilities and leadership roles.
Article Continued Below
As first reported by Toronto Star colleagues Noor Javed and Kristin Rushowy, York's board long ago descended into dysfunction. Controversy erupted last year over then-trustee Nancy Elgie using the n-word to describe a vigilant parent, then denying, stonewalling, recanting and resigning. The latest ministry report catalogues a culture of impunity and unaccountability. A racist epithet is uttered, and not a single trustee responds. A principal posts homophobic comments online, and trustees remain silent. Rather than reassuring parents on the home front — by declaring zero tolerance for intolerance — the board indulged its appetite for foreign travel by trustees and top staff. Their all-expense-paid trips — ranging as far afield as New Zealand, Hawaii, Finland, the Netherlands and Britain (with several return trips) — serve as an indictment of their sheer shamelessness.
Education Minister Mitzie Hunter included a travel moratorium among 22 demands focused on training trustees in fundamental governance and equity issues. But it's hard to imagine such discredited trustees regaining public trust, or the minister's confidence. Queen's Park should send in an outside ministry supervisor now to rebuild governance from the ground up. Staying out of trouble shouldn't overtax trustees, who long ago lost their taxing authority. It is, after all, an entry-level position for ambitious politicians — which may be the root of the problem. The latest report noted that four of the 12 trustees are positioning themselves to run for higher elected office — likely driving their “personal agendas and fostering divisiveness.” Treating the office of trustee as a political stepping stone is a perennial problem — attracting untested candidates, causing high turnover, and bleeding institutional memory. As bad as the board gets in York, its trustees are part of a broader provincial pattern. The Toronto District School Board was similarly paralyzed by infighting and dysfunction documented in a 2015 ministry-ordered review. Toronto's Catholic board was taken over by the province from 2008 to 2011 amid financial improprieties, as were school boards in the Hamilton, Ottawa and Dufferin-Peel areas. We have seen this movie before, with the same ending — ministry supervision and then reversion to the status quo ante — when what we need is a new beginning. Yet the ministry keeps trying to instruct incoming trustees with special booklets and YouTube videos so they can learn on the job. The lack of professionalism among school board trustees stands in sharp contrast to the relative competence found on the unelected, merit-based boards of hospitals and universities, which are also publicly funded institutions. Why cling to outdated notions that local electability equates to accountability? School trustees remain unknown to most voters at the ballot box, and typically win office with abysmal electoral turnouts. Trustees are a holdover from two centuries ago, when they were the first democratically elected politicians in Ontario. Today, their role has been overtaken by responsible government at the provincial level, which collects the taxes, distributes the funding, drafts the curriculum — and keeps sending in outside investigators to take over the most glaringly incompetent boards. For the sake of our future graduates, it's time to learn the lessons of history — by abolishing the anachronism of school trustee. A board should be a bastion of good governance, not a training ground for rookie politicians just passing through. Martin Regg Cohn's political column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. mcohn@thestar.ca , Twitter: @reggcohn
Rumors that President Donald Trump's aides are using an encrypted messaging app called Confide has landed the software firmly in the spotlight – and under the security microscope.
The Washington Post on Monday mentioned that Confide, built by a startup in New York City, is used by some White House staffers to gossip in private. The app was billed by the newspaper as "a secret chat app – that erases messages as soon as they're read." The aides, fearful of being accused of leaking to the press, turned to Confide in an attempt to cover their tracks and stay off the radar.
This is not the first time Confide has appeared in the national news conversation. In 2014, the app was pitched to big biz in the wake of the Sony Pictures network intrusion as a safe means to communicate without being bothered by hackers. What was missing from Confide's pitch, however, was much in the way of details about how the application delivered on its promise of secure auto-destructing end-to-end encrypted messaging.
Given that foreign spies, as well as Uncle Sam's own snoops, will now definitely be all over this thing like a sore rash, The Register asked Confide for more info: how does the encryption work, what is done to thwart eavesdroppers, and so on.
And we were told the software, available for iOS and Android, basically uses the OpenPGP standard to perform public-private cryptography, uses AES for ephemeral per-message encryption, and exchanges public keys between users via TLS connections with certificate pinning. To us, this sounds like the public keys travel through Confide's servers: if so, it means the app maker can, or be forced to, eavesdrop on conversations by substituting keys mid-exchange. It does mean, though, that it's tricky for others to intercept and successfully crack messages.
"Confide uses public/private key cryptography with ECDH for key agreement and per-message AES keys to encrypt the message payloads," Confide cofounder and president Jon Brod told El Reg on Tuesday evening.
"In addition, we use recommended best practices to ensure the security of network connections, such as using TLS 1.2 with certificate pinning to prevent against man-in-the-middle attacks."
Using OpenPGP and TLS cert pinning is a solid start, although we weren't told the key lengths. The app's methods are better than the questionable home-brew crypto used in some other chat applications. The software appears to use OpenSSL 1.0.2j, which means it contains any security bugs patched since September 2016 and it isn't FIPS 140-2 validated.
"The encryption appears to operate like most other end-to-end encrypted apps, where public and private keys are generated," said computer forensics expert Jonathan Zdziarski, who studied the Confide app earlier today.
"In the case of Confide, an ephemeral key seems to be in play to encrypt messages themselves with a symmetric cipher. What seems different about this encryption is that it appears to regenerate the public key under certain circumstances. It's unclear why, but unlike Signal and WhatsApp, which consider it something to alert you about if your public key changes, Confide appears to consider this part of its function.
"Key exchange is always the most difficult part of good encryption routines. Depending on whether or not Confide is able to detect this and warn the user, it's possible – although not confirmed – that the application could be susceptible to the same types of man-in-the-middle attacks that we've seen theorized in WhatsApp (if you leave the alerts off) and iMessage."
Zdziarski continued: "This one's a tough call ... Ultimately, the application warrants a cryptographic review before I could endorse its use in the White House. If I were the White House's CIO, I would – other than hate my life – not endorse any third-party mobile application that didn't rely on FIPS 140-2 accepted cryptographic routines, such as Apple's common crypto.
"OpenSSL is very clear about not being FIPS validated, and ultimately it would be up to the manufacturers of Confide to have each individual version of their software validated under FIPS. Nonetheless, as difficult as the FIPS validation process is, should the application not have been validated, it has no place in government, in my opinion.
"The app at least attempts to do what it says it does, and I don't see any obviously gaping holes. That doesn't mean its perfect, and obviously has at least a few disagreeable functions – such as retaining undelivered messages. On the whole, it may be fine for personal conversation, but I would recommend a more proven technology, such as Signal, if I were to have my pick of the litter."
A spokesperson for the White House was not available to comment on the rumors. ®
Why Bray Wyatt must retain his WWE Championship at WrestleMania 33
Bray Wyatt must be victorious on the Grandest Stage of them all.
@epwwefan1 by Daniel Massey Opinion 15 Feb 2017, 12:20 IST
Bray Wyatt is the current WWE Champion
Bray Wyatt came out of the Elimination Chamber as the new WWE Champion. He has now pinned both John Cena and AJ Styles clean and has come away with the richest prize on SmackDown.
Though his win was predicted by those familiar with how WWE works, you still had to see it to believe it and there was always the chance that it would not be a convincing win for the Eater of Worlds.
Nevertheless, WWE creative did the right thing to set up the redemption of Randy Orton at WrestleMania.
Orton joined the Wyatt family in October 2016 in a storyline that looked like it would last a couple of weeks, Randy has remained loyal to the Wyatt family and the self-proclaimed God Bray Wyatt ever since.
Luke Harper has been very wary of the Viper, given his snake-like tendencies. As Bray said himself, snakes are known for their treachery.
At last month's Royal Rumble, Randy Orton outlasted and outsmarted 29 other competitors to win the annual event and book his place in the main event of WrestleMania. With the stage now set for Wyatt vs. Orton, it will be interesting to see how the family dynamic works out.
Randy beat Luke Harper at the Elimination Chamber and he has not taken it well. I figured they may well come together for the first few weeks as their leader is now WWE Champion but it has quickly deteriorated as Luke Harper attacked Bray Wyatt before his first title defence on SmackDown.
Orton won the right to face the WWE Champion at WrestleMania 33
Meanwhile, the threat of follower Randy Orton winning the championship at WrestleMania becomes real. However, with him having pledged his loyalty to Bray Wyatt on SmackDown Live, you could say my prediction was half right… for now.
Currently, I would assume that the following will happen: Bray Wyatt will be beaten by Orton at WrestleMania and this will set up the 1 millionth Cena / Orton feud so that Cena can beat Ric Flair's record and become 17-time world champion.
It would be a shame if this was the case as Cena does not need to be near the championship scene again in a long time now that he has tied the record with the Nature Boy. It would also mean that Bray Wyatt is a transitional champion and having waited for this opportunity for 3 years, I think he deserves a lot more than that.
Even if the feud with Cena doesn't follow WrestleMania and it is simply the end of Orton's affiliation with the Wyatt family, the fact that he's going to win on the biggest stage in the wrestling calendar is pretty much guaranteed.
However, I don't believe he should walk away with the win this year. Bray Wyatt needs to retain his title. In the last 3 WrestleMania events, he's lost to John Cena, The Undertaker, and has also been involved in an embarrassing segment with The Rock.
Edit this from your memory
Despite all the losses he's endured in his WWE tenure, Bray Wyatt has managed to maintain an eerie, scary figure that you would not want to meet down a dark alley.
It has been a long road for the Eater of Worlds but he is now at the top of the mountain and it is time to build on this so that his character can continue to develop and flourish. He needs to start racking up a few wins as champion or this was all for nothing and the win at the Elimination Chamber will look like a fluke.
If Bray Wyatt were to win at WrestleMania, it would solidify him as a true main eventer and a real threat to anyone on the roster.
Furthermore, it would embarrass Raw, as SmackDown will have created a new top guy for their brand whereas Raw will have two part-timers fighting for their richest prize and probably won't see it again until SummerSlam.
Entering the new wrestling year with a win at WrestleMania could result in a great Wyatt Era and some extremely interesting programming on SmackDown.
It's no secret that SmackDown is short of talent at the moment and is utilising everyone they have for maximum effect. So, to create another bona fide main eventer is in their best interest.
Bray Wyatt is the most interesting character of the modern era. In a roster that is filled with ‘real' superstars that are constantly blurring the lines between kayfabe and reality, Bray Wyatt is getting away with a supernatural aura and a gimmick that is supernatural.
People say that The Undertaker, as a gimmick, would never have gotten over had it been introduced to today's audience, but Bray has put those opinions to bed as he has ensured his gimmick is completely over despite the unrealistic powers.
People are happy to suspend their disbelief as the character is so captivating.
I would be frozen with fear...
Randy Orton is still in the prime of his career. We forget as fans that Orton started his career so long ago. He is a long-time veteran but he is still young at the age of 36. Does he deserve another title run? Definitely! However, it should not come at the expense of Bray Wyatt.
Orton still has years left as an active member of the roster and his time will most definitely come in the future. I wouldn't even mind if he did beat Wyatt for the title eventually, just as long as it wasn't at WrestleMania.
I take nothing away from Orton's ability or his character, I just don't think it would be a good decision for him to sit at the top of the mountain when there is a severe lack of opponents for Orton following this.
With Wyatt though, every feud would feel fresh as he has not been WWE Champion before and we could witness more supernatural happenings during matches.
We also have the return of Erick Rowan to look forward too. Easily my favourite member of the Wyatt family, he has been out of action for a few months nursing an injury. He has kept himself relevant by posting creepy, cryptic videos online.
When he returns to the fold and the Wyatt family is back at full strength, (with or without Luke Harper) I have no doubt that the Era of Wyatt will last for a long time. I'd be happy to predict that he will keep the title until SummerSlam should he beat Randy Orton at WrestleMania.
Will Rowan return to the flock?
To keep SmackDown entertaining, to keep Wyatt as a realistic threat and to satisfy what fans have waited three years for, Bray Wyatt must retain his Championship at WrestleMania 33 and I have faith that he will.
He's got the whole world in his hands…
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
A year ago this week, the artist Prince was found dead at Paisley Park, his home, studio, and party space in the Minneapolis suburb of Chaska. Today, a series of search warrants and affidavits from the criminal investigation of Prince's accidental opioid overdose were made public by the Carver County District Court in Minnesota. Dated between April and September 2016, these documents were part of the investigation into how and where Prince obtained a fatal dosage of fentanyl. They also give some insights into the day on which the legendary musician passed away and the circumstances of the weeks leading up to his death on April 21, 2016.
Throughout Prince's residence, including in the laundry room and in Prince's bedroom, investigators discovered controlled substances that "were not contained in typical prescription pill bottles but rather, were stored in various other containers such as vitamin bottles," according to the documents.
Much of the investigation appears to focus on Kirk Johnson, a bodyguard and friend of Prince's since the '80s and, according to the investigators, "one of the few people who had unrestricted access to Paisley Park." The investigation also delved into Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who had begun treating Prince on April 7, 2016 — just weeks before his death. (Prince was said to not have a regular doctor; according to investigators, "his managers would set up for him before a show so that Prince could receive a B12 injection' to 'feel better' before performing for a show.")
Johnson had contacted Schulenberg to help treat Prince's hip pain. One affidavit states that the doctor met with Prince and prescribed him three sedatives: clonidine, hydroxyzine pamoate and diazepam. However, the prescriptions were made in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, Johnson told investigators. A day before Prince's death, on April 20, Johnson picked up the prescriptions under his name; he told county investigators that "this was the first time he had ever done something like that for Prince." Schulenberg was at Paisley Park, dropping off test results, when police arrived there on the morning Prince's body was found.
Schulenberg also told investigators that on April 15, he had prescribed Prince oxycodone, also in Johnson's name. That was the same day that Prince's plane, on a flight to Minnesota following a performance in Atlanta, had made an emergency landing near Chicago. According to The New York Times, Judith Hill and Kirk Johnson were the only other passengers besides Prince on that flight.
Prescription medications written to Johnson and dated April 7, 2016 were found in a suitcase with the name tag of 'Peter Bravestrong,' which singer and friend Judith Hill confirmed to investigators was an alias Prince would use while traveling. The medications included acetaminophen/oxycodone hydrochloride, an opioid painkiller. Investigators also noted that the 'Peter Bravestrong' suitcase contained handwritten lyrics for Prince's song "U Got the Look."
A computer found near that suitcase in Prince's bedroom was initially overlooked by investigators, until they learned through interviews that Prince did not use a cell phone. Instead, the artist communicated only through email and a landline telephone after his cell phone had been hacked and its information leaked.
Jason Kamerud, chief deputy for the Carver County Sheriff's Office, told NPR this afternoon that "no one has been charged, and the investigation is ongoing."
IMPERIAL COUNTY — The Imperial County Board of Supervisors indicated their direction on the cultivation and manufacturing of cannabis in the unincorporated areas of the Imperial County. Tuesday, June 6 at their regular meeting.
The Board discussed and announced their intentions on various aspects of regulating cannabis production and distribution, which will be reflected in an upcoming County ordinance and voted on, likely within the next two months.
There was not a unanimous agreement by the Board during the discussion, however, as Supervisor Raymond Castillo restated his opposition to permitting the use or cultivation of cannabis in any capacity. Castillo acted accordingly, voting nay on nearly every motion brought to the Board.
“The voters of this County voted against Prop 64. Statewide, it passed, but at the local level it didn't,” stated Castillo. “I can't support this.”
However, other Supervisors also dissented to several of the motions. Chairman Michael Kelley opposed allowing a medical and recreational cannabis products testing facility. Supervisor Luis Plancarte was in the minority in voting against banning retail distribution of cannabis for recreational use.
“We are faced with a state law, with the reality that it allows individuals the right to cultivate and to use it in their home,” said Plancarte. As such, he advocated for the County to take a path that would take into consideration that recreational use could not be functionally prohibited through excessive ordinances.
Overall, the strategy of the Board aimed to bring cannabis sale out of the gray market without encouraging recreational use.
Proposition 64 stipulates the recreational use of cannabis by adults cannot be prohibited, but could be regulated by local jurisdictions. Users may grow up to six plants at home as well. However, the Board voted its intention to prohibit outdoor cultivation, and to permit, but regulate, indoor cultivation, which likely will include growers obtaining permits and ensuring that the structure meets certain building codes and cannot be easily accessed by minors.
As for commercial production, the Board voted (4-1) Castillo opposed, to permit, but limit such operations to special planning areas or industrial zones. The Board was unanimous in allowing commercial cultivation for medicinal use (5-0), but was split on permitting cultivation for recreational use (3-2), with Michael Kelley and Raymond Castillo voting against.
The Board also considered whether to allow a retail outlet for cannabis sale. A factor in the discussion was the possibility that allowing a retail store in the unincorporated area of the County could relieve pressure on the cities hesitant about allowing a retail store within city limits. The motion was carried (3-2) to permit a single retail center for medicinal use only.
All the motions passed will only affect the unincorporated areas of the County. Incorporated cities will not be bound by any County ordinance on the matter, except for a County-wide tax on both medicinal and recreational cannabis production. The Board voted (4-1) in favor of applying such a tax, but would take the time to consider an appropriate tax rate comparable to other counties in California.
“Knowing that the use will be legal, we are faced with dealing with all the potential risk that use brings, but not having the funding to offset, educate, enforce, permit [use of cannabis],” said Plancarte. “I find there is a great benefit in permitting under strict guidelines and in considering putting a specific tax that allows these monies to be used specifically towards programs to educate our community.”
Though the Board made official motions on permitting cannabis production and sales, only the passing of County ordinances will make those decisions final.
“I could change my mind,” said Renison concerning his yea vote for the commercial cultivation of cannabis for recreational use. “I just want to get this process going, and there will be an ordinance coming back to us and I could change my mind. Personally, I'm against the recreational [use].”
NOBLE COUNTY, Ind. (WOWO) – A 45-year-old Reading, Michigan woman is in jail after stealing more than $51,000 from a man who suffered from declining mental and physical health.
Michelle Lynn Alexander was appointed by the Noble County Circuit Court as a court-appointed guardian of a then 59-year-old man from Kendallville. Between October and December 2015, Alexander accessed the man's bank account and used his disability checks for her own benefit.
In July 2016, the man was transferred to a mental health facility in Jay County by Alexander, and shortly after, a new guardian was appointed to him.
An audit was conducted that revealed the total amount of money stolen by Alexander. After a four month long investigation, Alexander was charged with Theft, a level 5 felony.
She turned herself into the Noble County Jail on September 4 this year, and has since been released on bond.
"Touch me not so near.
Yet I persuade myself to speak the truth
I had rather had this tongue cut from my mouth
Than it should do offence to Michael Cassio." Coach Marrone performing Othello on @GMFB pic.twitter.com/JVOv0o5FfR — #DUUUVAL (@Jaguars) April 24, 2018
Jacksonville Jaguars coach Doug Marrone was a guest this morning on Good Morning Football. The conversation, as it often does when talking pigskin, turned to the theater and Marrone was more than able to hang, busting out a soliloquy from Othello without any notes.
That's right. The playoff-game-winning, bologna-consuming coach also possesses a true appreciating for Shakespeare. He contains multitudes. And this, of course, is a good thing — unless you're said, a quarterback prospect out of UCLA.
by Jack Kramer | Apr 24, 2018 12:25pm ( ) Comments | Log in to Facebook to Post a Comment | Share
Posted to: Election 2018, Greenwich, New Britain
HARTFORD, CT—While introducing her running mate Tuesday, New Britain Mayor and Republican gubernatorial candidate Erin Stewart let it slip that she, herself, has been wooed by a number of gubernatorial candidates to be their number two.
Stewart, 30, said she had been “contacted by the staff of four of the GOP Republican candidates” to team up with them as their candidate for lieutenant governor.
Her answer, she said, was she wasn't interested in being lieutenant governor. Instead, she wants the top job.
“We have growing momentum,” said Stewart, who is in her third mayoral term in New Britain. “We've been raising money faster than any of our opponents. We are halfway there (the $250,000 threshold) to get public financing.”
Stewart was on the state capitol lawn Tuesday to announce that she had chosen Greenwich First Selectman Peter J. Tesei as her running mate - to be lieutenant governor.
In Connecticut, the lieutenant governor candidate runs independent of a gubernatorial candidate in the party primary. However, there is a financial advantage to trying to team up before the primary.
Tesei and Stewart could combine their finances if they each receive the party's endorsement at the convention. Tesei could help Stewart reach the $250,000 in qualifying contributions quicker than if she continues fundraising on her own.
Tesei was first elected Greenwich's top official in 2007.
Tesei had originally endorsed Westport businessman Steve Obsitnik for governor. He said he called Obsitnik on Monday to tell him that he was going to be teaming up with Stewart, instead.
“It was a difficult conversation,” Tesei said, “but the bottom line is that part of the election has to be focused on electability and I believe that the our party's candidate will need to win not just Republican voters, but also unaffiliated and Democrat voters.”
“Just look at Erin's record in New Britain,” Tesei said.
Tesei will join two other Republicans in seeking the lieutenant governor's nomination - Darien's First Selectwoman Jayme Stevenson and Sen. Joe Markley, R-Southington.
Stewart and Tesei said there political philosophies were aligned - that they were social moderates and fiscal conservatives.
And Tesei added that he believes the demographic makeup of the two cities they represent, the more affluent Greenwich and the less affluent New Britain, is a good mix.
“The differences in the two are much like the differences in Connecticut,” Tesei said, stating the experience both have running their municipalities will be a good partnership for Connecticut.
Stewart didn't shy away from answering a question about whether the delegate strength of Tesei being a first selectman of a Fairfield County town far from her hometown of New Britain was a consideration in her wooing him to join her team.
“Of course that's a part of it,” she said. “You need to get delegates.”
The Republican nominating convention is May 11-12. If there is a primary, it will be Aug. 14.
It seemed at first like another hard hit in a sport full of them but the immediate aftermath was more unusual. Savage rolled onto his back on the turf at NRG Stadium in Houston and lifted up his hands, which visibly trembled as if he were experiencing an electric shock, a telltale sign of a potential concussion , according to experts.
The latest case involved Houston Texans quarterback Tom Savage, who was hit by Elvis Dumervil of the San Francisco 49ers after throwing a pass in the second quarter.
The NFL on Monday said it may strengthen its protocol for assessing possible concussions after another player was allowed to return to play despite a violent hit to the head that left him on his back Sunday with his hands noticeably twitching.
Savage checked into the sideline medical tent but emerged after a few minutes and re-entered the game for the next series. He threw two incompletions as his team failed to get a first down.
Savage tried to come back for the next series and was seen arguing with team officials before being escorted to the locker room. T.J. Yates replaced him, and the Texans lost, 26-16. There was no update on Savage's condition Monday.
An NFL spokesperson, Joe Lockhart, said the league and NFL Players Association would look into how Savage was evaluated for a possible concussion and reassess the protocol the league has used for several years “to see if it can be strengthened.”
“We believe very strongly that the protocol is an important part of our overall effort to improve player safety,” Lockhart said in a conference call with reporters Monday. The review, based on how quickly the league has handled similar cases, could take weeks.
There was criticism when Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson did not immediately go through the concussion protocol despite a hard hit during a game against the Arizona Cardinals on Nov. 9. The NFL is still reviewing the case.
The NFL has pledged to make the game safer after being criticized for denying the links between head hits and degenerative brain disease for decades.
In recent years, the league has changed rules to reduce hits to the head and it has deployed medical professionals on the sidelines and in the press boxes to quickly identify and test players whom they suspect have suffered concussions.
Yet the NFL concedes the protocol is not foolproof because concussions are often difficult to diagnose in just a few minutes. In some cases, the symptoms are apparent immediately; in others the players will develop symptoms an hour or even a day later.
Under the protocol, an independent neurologist on the sideline, separate from the team doctor, evaluates players and determines if they are able to play.
The independent neurologists are typically specialists from hospitals near the home team. They are paid for their time at games and, in theory, are not supposed to be influenced by a team's doctors, though in some cities they may work at the same medical facility as the team doctor.
After the game Sunday, Texans coach Bill O'Brien said: “We evaluated him. We made the determination — not me, obviously, the evaluators — made the determination to put him back in the game. We put him back in the game, and he came out and they evaluated him a little bit more just because of what they saw, and that's where it's at.”
“I don't have anything to do with that,” O'Brien added. “Really, all I do is coach.”
Only a few years ago, Opera Max was the rising star in the browser maker's portfolio. The service offered a system-wide data-saving proxy that funnelled all app data through Opera's servers to compress images and videos. Now, however, Max is heading for the deadpool. The company, which is now owned by a consortium of Chinese firms, today announced that it will shut down Max.
“Opera has now decided to discontinue Opera Max. The product had a substantially different value proposition than our browser products, and represented a different focus for Opera,” the company writes in its announcement. “We, therefore, focus on our browsers and other upcoming services.”
Opera did not provide any further reasoning for this move, though we've reached out to the company for a more detailed comment.
With more than 500,000 installs, Max was a popular service — and it gave Opera quite a bit of insight into how people used their phones (though given that its advertising arm wasn't part of the sale, the company may not be interested in this data anymore).
It'll be interesting to see what this means for a service like Opera VPN, though. While both Opera Max and VPN offered somewhat similar functionality, their emphasis was quite different and if the company decided that Max isn't at the core of its strategy anymore, then Opera VPN could be heading to an untimely end, too.
Max has now been delisted from the Google Play Store; while users who have already installed the app will be able to use it for a while longer, the servers that power it will likely go offline in the near future.
Black And Latino Children Are Often Overlooked When It Comes To Autism
Enlarge this image Shannon Wright for NPR Shannon Wright for NPR
Sherry Alvarez says she knew there was something different about her son since he was about 9 months old. Back then Sherry says his pediatrician told her there was nothing to worry about, " 'Boys are a little slower than girls, so let's just wait until his second birthday.' " We aren't using Sherry's son's name to protect his privacy.
By her son's second birthday, Sherry says she was getting desperate. She didn't know why he wasn't talking yet or showing affection like other kids. At 2 1/2, he was referred to Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
There, after four hours of tests, Sherry says the doctor handed her a 20-page report explaining his autism spectrum disorder diagnosis, among others. She says she was paralyzed by emotion.
ASD is a disease that affects people of all races and ethnicities, but research shows that African-American and Latino children with autism are diagnosed at older ages than white children, giving them less of an opportunity for proper intervention and treatment.
This is especially true of minimally verbal kids like Sherry's son and there are many possible reasons for a late diagnosis. Some families face healthcare access issues and prohibitive costs for treatment, and some families just don't know how important it is to get diagnosed to move on to the treatment phase. The dialog between doctors and minority families during the diagnosis process is critical.
A recent study from Georgia State University found that African-American parents reported fewer concerns about behaviors like delayed speech and repetitive behaviors, even though their children showed a greater severity with these symptoms, overall. But, of course, it isn't all up to parents.
"There are very likely parent aspects of this and very likely clinician aspects of this," says Meghan Rose Donohue, a lead researcher on the study. Perhaps families, like Sherry's, don't have the information necessary to really push physicians, but it is also possible that doctors don't take these cases seriously enough from the beginning.
Families and doctors, alike, can mistake ASD for simple bad behavior, especially in boys, as research has shown over the past couple of decades. A 2001 study at McGill University in Montreal found that doctors were more hesitant to diagnose ASD in minority families.
In 2007, a study by a team at the Center for Autism and Developmental Disabilities Research and Epidemiology, University of Pennsylvania, found that African-American children were 5.1 times more likely to be misdiagnosed with conduct disorders before being diagnosed with ASD.
When Sherry was growing up, she had a cousin who the family thought of as "different," she says. "He was basically hidden. We didn't talk about it as a community." He had autism. "We have to retrain ourselves. It's not OK to hide our kids."
Regional Centers in Los Angeles, which offer services to the developmentally disabled, are now starting to look at the diagnosis disparity problem. Westside Regional Center in Culver City just received a grant from the state to look at how autism diagnosis disparities manifest within their intake and treatment programs.
"We've implemented a series of trainings with intake counselors on cultural awareness and sensitivity, and we're starting to have a lot of conversations about biases," says Tom Kelly, Westside's chief psychologist.
One of the apparent biases among intake counselors at the center stems from the difference in the documentation that arrives with each new child. African-American families tend to arrive at the center with lots of documentation detailing behavior issues from their child's school or social services. With all those official papers sitting in front of them, it's much easier for a counselor to think "behavior disease" rather than "autism," says Kelly.
And that disparity exists in dollars spent, as well. As reported in a 2017 survey, South Central Regional Center spends $8,000 less per client than the Westside location and the racial disparity persists statewide.
But there are more resources for minority families today than compared to when Sherry's son was young. The Autism Society of Los Angeles runs a hotline to help parents navigate the diagnosis and healthcare landscape and Children's Hospital Los Angeles now employs liaisons to help families connect with the right resources. But, the spending gap persists.
Today, Sherry says her now 15-year-old son is happy. He attends Hamilton High School and communicates almost solely through a typing device. "This is the time in his life where those early treatments could have made a difference," she laments.
Gurugram, India, July 1, 2018 – Packaging Connections newsletter which was first sent
on 18th March 2005 has now completed more than 13 gold years. It has been sent to its
readers without any fail every Tuesday of the week. Among these years it has achieved
global reach of 100 thousand+ packaging professionals across 120+ countries. The
newsletter has got appreciations from many learned professionals worldwide. The original
name of the newsletter was “Good Morning Packaging” which was liked and well accepted
by everyone. To bring some change, it was renamed to “Packaging Connector” during
January 2017 till mid of year 2018. With effect from July 2018 the newsletter has got a new
name as “Packaging Ideas that Inspire”.
We mainly bring you the packaging information that could be useful to you. It may or may
not necessarily be the latest information but sometimes old ideas are also applicable in the
today's situation. So we can say that we present you packaging ideas that inspire. This is
the reason now the heading of this information bulletin has been changed to “Packaging
Ideas that inspire”, says Sandeep Goyal, CEO, Sanex Packaging Connections Pvt. Ltd. a
Paris
The cost of Olympic television rights may look hair-raising but Eurosport is confident it will get back the 1.3 billion euros ($1.4 billion) it laid out to get European rights, according to its chief executive.
Counting down to the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Games, the company, owned by US media giant Discovery Communications, can from January 1 use the Olympic rings on screens under its surprise deal with the International Olympic Committee (IOC).
But it faces a key 2017 with sub-rights accords in France, Italy and Spain to be sealed that could decide how successful its gamble for gold will be.
“I think sports rights potentially are bets,” Eurosport chief executive Peter Hutton told AFP in an interview. But in the case of the European rights, he added, “I think it is a pretty safe bet and on that basis I think a really important move for us.”—AFP
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
'Primal Scream' Psychologist Arthur Janov Dies At Age 93 Psychologist Arthur Janov introduced the idea of a 'The Primal Scream' as a therapeutic tool. His work is still carried out today, though it remains a contentious technique.
Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson have been filming the Fifty Shades trilogy together for a few years now. At this point, do they just dive right into the sex scenes like a married couple?
The actor addressed his relationship with his costar on Jimmy Kimmel Live! "This is gonna sound bad, but it's almost like brother-sister," Dornan said with a laugh.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"You know, because I am married and she's had quite a lot of relationships in the time that we've known each other, so that's happening in our own lives," he continued. "And we just have that sort of mutual love and respect for each other, and I feel like we know each other so well and intimately."
Though they're comfortable filming together, the set is still closed off when the sex scenes are filmed, and only a small crew is present. Dornan also isn't completely naked for those sequences.
"I wear like a wee bag," he said, referring to the modesty sock actors use to cover up during nude scenes.
"That's an expression I say from where I'm from, a 'wee bag,' but it doesn't mean it's actually 'wee' inside," he clarified. "I wear, like, quite a big bag."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The audience was screaming at this point.
Dornan doesn't keep his own bag (though he'd "love to get to that stage"). Instead, he picked one out on set. When he shot the first Fifty Shades film, he thought he'd be choosing from a fresh set of cover-ups, but he was wrong.
"I sort of picked one that I liked the look of and the shape of, and I picked it up and then in the seam, it said 'Inmate #3'. It was like sewn in," Dornan said. "I was like sh*t! This has been used before."
But he wore it on set anyway. "I just sort of, like, mind over matter, just closed my eyes," the actor said.
Fifty Shades Freed hits theaters on February 9. Watch the trailer below.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the Tories to abolish A&E waiting time targets that are regularly missed is crass ­dishonesty on a dangerous scale.
The dilution, sidelining and abolition of National Health Service goals is the political equivalent of chopping down the mast in the hope nobody spots the white flag.
Because the Tories are surrendering in the battle to improve the NHS.
Instead they starve hospitals and doctors of precious funds while privatising chunks of the service to line the pockets of fatcats.
A&E units, at times, resemble war zones due to chronic underfunding and staff shortages – years of Tory neglect coming home to roost.
Axing targets does not improve care but the Tories know its harder to pin on them when they are going so badly wrong.
Fiddling figures is an old Conservative trick, Margaret Thatcher doing it to unemployment statistics and now Theresa May with the NHS.
Patients know the truth. Tories are fools to try and pull the wool over people's eyes.
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J. (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 5:48 pm |
Rutgers University's Old Queens building. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)
Rutgers University removed a professor accused of posting anti-Semitic statements on social media from his position as a director at the New Jersey school.
Michael Chikindas will no longer serve as director of the Center for Digestive Health at the Institute for Food, Nutrition and Health, Rutgers President Robert Barchi said Friday. The tenured food science professor was also barred from teaching required courses and will take cultural sensitivity training courses.
Barchi called the situation “sad and deeply troubling.” He said the university is seeking further disciplinary action against the professor through the faculty union.
Chikindas shared over a period of several months anti-Semitic cartoons along with conspiracy posts that claimed 9/11 was orchestrated by Jews, according to university administrators.
Administrators said the posts “perpetuated toxic stereotypes” and were upsetting to Jewish students and staff at the university. The professor will be subject to ongoing monitoring “if and when” he returns to teaching, Barchi said.
Chikindas claimed his account was hacked and denied the posts were anti-Semitic. He previously told NJ.com he does not identify himself as an anti-Semite.
“It is my lifelong credo that all people are born equal regardless of their ethnicity, religion and wealth,” the professor said in October.
The nonprofit Israel education organization StandWithUs praised the university for taking action against Chikindas. The organization said the university “did the right thing in the end.”
Chikindas joined the university as a professor in 1998. He became tenured in 2007.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Marty Mornhinweg wants quarterback Ryan Mallett to play at a high level consistently and feels the backup quarterback will benefit from more starters suiting up in Thursday's preseason game in Miami.
In the preseason opener, Mallett completed half of his passes (9 of 18) and averaged a woeful 3.2 yards per attempt. His supporting cast didn't include all three starting wide receivers (Jeremy Maclin, Mike Wallace and Breshad Perriman), his most experienced tight end (Ben Watson) and his best pass-catcher out of the backfield (Danny Woodhead).
"He did some really good things in the ballgame, and some other things we missed a little bit," Mornhinweg said of Mallett on Monday. "It was several people's problems there. And hopefully, we've gotten that straightened out."
Ryan Mallett struggled against the Redskins without a full complement of receivers. Rob Carr/Getty Images
Asked how many of the incompletions can be put on Mallett and how many can be placed on miscommunication with younger players, Mornhinweg said, "As quarterbacks, everything is our responsibility, period. The ball is coming out of our hand, done. That's the way we approach things. There are some details with it that we have to clean up. That's how we mentally go about our position and our game."
Mallett will start the second and third preseason games because Baltimore is sitting out Joe Flacco, who is still expected to be ready for the beginning of the regular season. A back issue has sidelined Flacco for all camp.
More people play on ESPN than anywhere else. Join or create a league in the No. 1 Fantasy Football game! Sign up for free!
Mornhinweg believes holding out Flacco for the preseason won't hurt him because this is his 10th NFL season.
"I sure would love to have him here," Mornhinweg said. "There is no substitute for experience, especially in this situation. It looks like we'll have just enough time there to get him ready as long as he keeps progressing. By all accounts, he's progressing pretty well."
The Ravens signed journeyman Thad Lewis on Monday, but that was likely a move to upgrade the No. 3 spot. Dustin Vaughan, who joined the Ravens' practice squad late last year, struggled in the preseason opener and dropped to the bottom of the depth chart.
Mallett is looking to regain his form from December 2015, when he led Baltimore to an upset victory over Pittsburgh just 12 days after signing with the team. In training camp, Mallett has struggled with wild throws to his outside receivers and passes getting batted down at the line. In Thursday's preseason opener, Mallett didn't complete a pass longer than 11 yards and finished with a 57.2 passer rating.
"He's proven he can play at that high level," Mornhinweg said. "Now, let's play at that high level consistently. It looks like some more players playing [on Thursday], so that'll be a good thing for him."
Russia's Arctic North is home to the largest reindeer herd in the world: An estimated 730,000 reindeer reside there.
Herders select and sort reindeer inside an enclosure on Nov. 29, 2016. | (REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
But such a dense population can threaten the fragile landscape of Siberia's northern Yamal region and cause more frequent epidemics within the local nomadic communities of the Nenet people.
To protect the landscape and their people, Nenet herders take part in an annual "slaughter campaign," a government program that provides herders with a stipend for participation. During November and December, herders across the region will kill up to 70,000 reindeer. This year, for the first time, the culling season will stretch through January to encourage even higher numbers.
Reindeer herding among the Nenet people is a tradition that goes back centuries — the Nenets relied on the reindeer hide and meat for survival during the brutal winters. Now, the annual cull, which was instituted by the Russian government during the Soviet era, provides the Nenets with a sustainable income from the stipend and the commercially-sold meat. But the cull is not without its critics. "It is an unequivocal tragedy for both people and animals," said one coordinator for Greenpeace in Russia. "It will end up with nomadic reindeer herders turning into settled reindeer farmers. This is a completely different form of husbandry, and means the loss of a culture."
Below, take a look at the macabre life of one group of reindeer herders, doing the work of their ancestors in Russia's Arctic North.
A tent belonging to reindeer herders in the tundra, Nov. 27, 2016. | (REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
(REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
(REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
Herders select and sort reindeer. | (REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
(REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
Severed reindeer antlers. | (REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
Farm employees process reindeer skin. | (REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
(REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin)
On Wednesday at around 11:30 a.m. ET, President Donald Trump gave a statement from the White House's Diplomatic Room about this morning's shooting in Alexandria, Virginia. You can watch ongoing coverage here via CBSN.
At around 7 a.m. Wednesday morning, James T. Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois opened fire at a congressional recreational baseball practice, hitting Louisiana Republican congressman Steve Scalise in the hip and wounding four others. Scalise is expected to recover, while the status of the other four victims has not been disclosed. Hodginkson was shot by Capitol Police and has died, Trump said.
Scalise is the House Majority Whip, the third-highest-ranking member of congress in the GOP.
On Twitter, Trump said, "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him." In his speech, he stayed away from political statements about gun control, mostly focusing on thanking police and first responders and praising Scalise's patriotism.
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.)
Steve Clifford was there the last time the Orlando Magic were a playoff contender. He's being asked to make them one again.
Steve Clifford, pictured, is replacing Frank Vogel, who was let go after two seasons. ( Nick Wass / The Associated Press )
Clifford was announced Wednesday as the new coach of the Magic, a team that has missed the playoffs in each of the last six years. Clifford — who spent the last five seasons as coach of the Charlotte Hornets — was an assistant coach on Stan Van Gundy's Magic staff during the team's most recent playoff run in 2012. “We are very excited to welcome Steve back into the Magic family,” Magic president Jeff Weltman said. “Steve is widely regarded throughout the NBA community as an elite coach and developer of players at all stages. His teams have always been disciplined and prepared, and have embraced the concept of playing for each other.” The team scheduled a Wednesday afternoon news conference.
Article Continued Below
Clifford is replacing Frank Vogel, who was let go after two seasons. Clifford — who missed 21 games this past season while dealing with severe headaches brought on by sleep deprivation — was fired by Charlotte at the end of this season, after going 196-214. Hiring Clifford is easily the biggest move made so far by Weltman. He took over the club a year ago after the team fired Rob Hennigan and ended his five-year run that never got on solid footing. Weltman made the decision after this season to part with Vogel, who was a proven winner in Indiana but simply didn't have a playoff-calibre roster in Orlando. Neither does Clifford, at this point anyway. It will take more than a coaching change to improve Orlando's fortunes. Clifford was ousted in Charlotte after a front-office shakeup. Owner Michael Jordan fired general manager Rich Cho and eventually hired Mitch Kupchak to replace him in April. Kupchak fired Clifford not long afterward.
The Hornets went to the playoffs twice in Clifford's five seasons, never winning a playoff series. “The NBA isn't about winning — the NBA is about winning in the playoffs,” Clifford said at the end of Charlotte's season.
Article Continued Below
Clifford is coming to a franchise that has lost more games than any other NBA club over the past six years — 335. That's four more than Philadelphia, a franchise that was openly tanking for years before turning things around this season. The Magic weren't tanking. They've just been bad. Orlando hasn't had longer than a five-game winning streak at any time over the last six seasons. But over that same span, the Magic have had 23 losing streaks of at least five games. On their way to a 25-57 record that left them 18 games out of a playoff spot, the Magic had two seven-game slides and two other nine-game skids. Since Van Gundy left, the Magic have gone through a series of resets. There have been 62 players in uniform over the last six seasons — none of them an All-Star while in Orlando — and now five different coaches. Van Gundy was replaced by Jacque Vaughn, who was let go after 2 1/2 seasons and replaced on an interim basis by James Borrego. Scott Skiles then took over for one year, and Vogel ran things the last two seasons. Clifford now gets his chance.
Want to understand all the most important tech stats and trends? Legendary venture capitalist Mary Meeker has just released the 2018 version of her famous Internet Trends report. It covers everything from mobile to commerce to the competition between tech giants. Check out the full report below, and we'll add some highlights soon. Then come back for our slide-by-slide analysis of the most important parts of the 294 page report.
Internet adoption : As of 2018, half the world population, or about 3.6 billion people, will be on the internet. That's thanking in large part to cheaper Android phones and Wifi becoming more available, though individual services will have a tougher time adding new users as the web hits saturation.
: As of 2018, half the world population, or about 3.6 billion people, will be on the internet. That's thanking in large part to cheaper Android phones and Wifi becoming more available, though individual services will have a tougher time adding new users as the web hits saturation. Mobile usage : While smartphone shipments are flat and internet user growth is slowing, U.S. adults are spending more time online thanks to mobile, clocking 5.9 hours per day in 2017 versus 5.6 hours in 2016.
: While smartphone shipments are flat and internet user growth is slowing, U.S. adults are spending more time online thanks to mobile, clocking 5.9 hours per day in 2017 versus 5.6 hours in 2016. Mobile ads : People are shifting their time to mobile faster than ad dollars are following, creating a $7 billion mobile ad opportunity, though platforms are increasingly responsible for providing safe content to host those ads.
: People are shifting their time to mobile faster than ad dollars are following, creating a $7 billion mobile ad opportunity, though platforms are increasingly responsible for providing safe content to host those ads. Crypto : Interest in cryptocurrency is exploding as Coinbase's user count has nearly quadrupled since January 2017
: Interest in cryptocurrency is exploding as Coinbase's user count has nearly quadrupled since January 2017 Voice : Voice technology is at an inflection point due to speech recognition hitting 95% accuracy and the sales explosion for Amazon Echo which went from over 10 million to over 30 million sold in total by the end of 2017.
: Voice technology is at an inflection point due to speech recognition hitting 95% accuracy and the sales explosion for Amazon Echo which went from over 10 million to over 30 million sold in total by the end of 2017. Daily usage – Revenue gains for services like Facebook are tightly coupled with daily user growth, showing how profitable it is to become a regular habit.
– Revenue gains for services like Facebook are tightly coupled with daily user growth, showing how profitable it is to become a regular habit. Tech investment: We're at an all-time high for public and private investment in technology, while the top six public R&D + capex spenders are all technology companies.
In a study of 3,066 U.S. workers one-fifth report a hostile environment, and those who face customers get a disproportionate share of abuse. (Photo: John Zich / Bloomberg News)
Washington — The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile.
So concludes an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Among the findings:
■Nearly one in five workers — a share the study calls “disturbingly high” — say they face a hostile or threatening environment at work, which can include sexual harassment and bullying. Workers who have to face customers endure a disproportionate share of abuse.
■Nearly 55 percent say they face “unpleasant and potentially hazardous” conditions.
■Nearly three-quarters say they spend at least a fourth of their time on the job in “intense or repetitive physical” labor. “I was surprised at how physically demanding jobs were,” says lead author Nicole Maestas, a Harvard Medical School economist.
■Telecommuting is rare: 78 percent say they are required to be present in their workplace during working hours.
■Only 38 percent say their jobs offer good prospects for advancement. And the older they get, the less optimistic they become.
■About half say they work on their own time to meet the demands of their job.
“Wow — (work) is a pretty taxing place for many people,” Maestas says. “I was surprised by how pressured and hectic the workplace is.”
In many cases, less-educated workers endure tougher working conditions.
For example, fewer than half of men without college degrees can take a break whenever they want to, compared to more than 76 percent of men with college degrees. Likewise, nearly 68 percent of men without degrees spend at least a fourth of their time moving heavy loads.
Maestas wonders whether toxic working conditions are keeping Americans out of the labor force.
The percentage of Americans who are working or looking for work — 62.9 percent in July — has not returned to pre-recession levels and is well below its 2000 peak of 67.3 percent.
The unemployment rate is at a 16-year low, and many employers complain they can't fill jobs.
“There's a message for employers here,” Maestas says. “Working conditions really do matter.”
Not everything about American workplaces is grim.
Workers enjoy considerable autonomy: more than 80 percent say they get to solve problems and try out their own ideas. Moreover, 58 percent say their bosses are supportive, and 56 percent say they have good friends at work.
The first-time survey of Americans ages 25-71 was carried out in 2015. It is similar to a long-running European survey, and researchers plan to conduct another survey next year and eventually to draw comparisons between U.S. and European working conditions.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uHWf6J
BARCELONA, Spain — David Goffin saved a match point to defeat Marcel Granollers of Spain 4-6, 7-6 (2), 6-2 Tuesday in the second round of the Barcelona Open.
Goffin was down 5-1 in the second set before recovering to reach the third round for the second consecutive year in Barcelona.
The fourth-seeded Belgian will play either Leonardo Mayer of Argentina or Karen Khachanov of Russia.
Ecuador Open champion Roberto Carballes Baena of Spain defeated Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria 6-2, 6-4 to set up a second-round encounter with 10-time champion Rafael Nadal.
“We made a mess of a small total, I don't think our coach would be too happy. Hope to put in a better batting performance. After the first game when we scored 190, everyone thought the wickets would be a belter. So far, it has helped seam and spin. When I won the toss, there was some moisture in the air. We exploited that. Hasan (Ali) hit the Test lengths, so did all the bowlers I called upon. When they bowled, spinners did the job for them,” said Sammy, whose team had bowled out Lahore Qalandars for a paltry 59 in 10.2 overs.
Lahore's innings was the second shortest in the history of a Twenty20 game, the first being Mohammadan Sporting Club that got bowled out for 45 runs in 8.4 overs in Sylhet Stadium in Bangladesh during a Victory Day T20 Cup. On Sunday night, 17 wickets fell for 119 runs at the Dubai International Stadium. Sammy knew that a small target does not always guarantee a win. “We got 10 wickets, so we knew they could, too. But happy to have got the win.” Brendon McCullum, the skipper of the Lahore team was stunned by his team's batting collapse despite losing the toss. “It didn't feel like a 59-60 kind of pitch. We wanted to keep attacking. Credit to the boys, they got stuck in defending such a low score.” Even in a shattering defeat, he could spot many positives especially due to fight back to defend the small total. “We've come together really well. The team spirit, camaraderie and an understanding of how we want to be playing is something you can't fault. It was a good time to be out there and enjoy what was a tight game, but not necessarily the prettiest game to watch.” McCullum revealed their mindset to fight such small totals. “You don't anticipate when you get bowled out, but we were alive because of the positive mindset. You want to be aggressive and dictate play. Results at the end of the tournament will judge if we're successful or not, but for now, I'm very happy.” Lahore spinner Yasir Shah, who through a deadly spell of four wickets for seven runs almost won the match for his team, was adjudged the Man of the Match. “My captain supported and motivated me, telling me that in this sort of games, the main spinner in the team comes to the party. I tried to pick wickets because there weren't many runs on the board.” If not for Eoin Morgan's fighting 23 runs, Peshawar would have crashed to an embarrassing defeat. Speaking about his team's win, Morgan said: “Nice to get another win, momentum is in our favour. Bowlers were outstanding on a surface that offered little more than it did the other night. When you chase a small score, you look to go for it but the wicket didn't allow that. It was a little two-paced. I don't think I had a rub of the green with my dismissal. Everybody makes mistakes, thankfully it didn't cost us.” Brief scores: Peshawar Zalmi bt Lahore Qalandars by three wickets. Lahore Qalandars 59 in 10.2 overs (Fakhar Zaman 33, Hasan Ali 3 for 23, Chris Jordan 2 for 8) vs Peshawar Zalmi 60 for 7 in 17 overs (Eoin Morgan 23, Yasir Shah 4 for 7, Sunil Narine 2 for 16). Man of the match: Yasir Shah
NEW YORK - A federal judge on Wednesday gave attorneys for Michael Cohen, President Donald Trump's longtime personal lawyer, a little more than two weeks to finish reviewing material seized from his office and residences to determine what is protected by attorney-client privilege.
The June 15 deadline was set during a hearing in Manhattan that focused on the status of these seized materials and featured sparring between Cohen's attorneys and Michael Avenatti, an attorney for Stormy Daniels, an adult-film actress to whom Cohen paid $130,000 after she alleged she had an affair with Trump.
Avenatti had sought to join the case but withdrew his motion after U.S. District Judge Kimba Wood warned that Avenatti would have to end his "publicity tour" if she granted him standing.
Avenatti did not elaborate on his decision in his motion to withdraw, noting that he could refile it "if necessary, at a later time," depending on what happens with Daniels' motion to intervene in the case. That motion has been held pending discussions between Avenatti and federal officials, according to court records.
Avenatti pointed to that motion, rather than the judge's skepticism Wednesday, in explaining why he suddenly withdrew.
"It is no longer necessary in light of the motion to intervene, which may not be necessary, being delayed," Avenatti wrote in an email. "We will refile it when and if the motion is taken up."
Cohen, who attended the hearing but did not speak, is being investigated for possible bank and wire fraud and campaign finance violations as part of a probe looking at his efforts to suppress damaging stories about Trump - such as Daniels' claims of a sexual encounter with him years earlier - just before the 2016 presidential election.
As part of the probe, federal agents seized Cohen's records and documents on April 9, prompting a legal fight over who would get access to the materials and when. Cohen and Trump both argued that their attorneys should get to review the materials to see what is privileged before investigators get them. Wood appointed Barbara Jones, a former federal judge, as special master to go over the documents before they are turned over to federal prosecutors.
Jones wrote in a filing submitted Tuesday night that after her reviews so far, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has been given access to more than 292,000 items, and more than 1 million items "not designated privileged or highly personal" were expected to be released Wednesday.
Attorneys for Cohen and Trump had said many of the seized documents and records could be protected by attorney-client privilege. Jones noted that so far, only 252 items had been flagged as privileged by attorneys for Trump or Cohen in two of the four sets of material she'd reviewed, and she said she expected to make a recommendation about those materials by Monday. The number of documents flagged as privileged in the other sets, if any, is not known.
Jones also reported having received additional electronic data over the past two weeks, including "data from a video recorder, two computers, and mobile storage devices" that "includes various video, electronic communications and documents as well as data typically associated with computer usage."
A significant amount of material still needs to be reviewed. In court Tuesday, Todd Harrison, an attorney for Cohen, said his team had received 3.7 million files, about 1.3 million of which had already been turned over to Jones.
Harrison argued against a mid-June deadline, saying that "we are moving heaven and earth" to rapidly complete a privilege review. He said his firm had 17 people evaluating the materials, which came from 13 mobile devices and 19 other digital-media devices.
"We have people who are working all night," Harrison said. "We have people who are sleeping on couches."
Wood was not persuaded, dismissing Cohen's concerns and those of an attorney for the Trump Organization who argued that a faster pace might degrade the review.
Rachel Maimin, an assistant U.S. attorney, said her office was still trying to access files from two Blackberry devices, which Cohen believed belonged to his wife nearly a decade ago, and the contents of a shredding machine. This material, she said, would be turned over to Cohen's team as soon as possible.
Wood set the June 15 deadline for attorneys for Cohen, working with attorneys for Trump and his company, to determine what is privileged and turn it over to the special master. Anything not sent to Jones by that date gets handed over instead to a "taint team" of prosecutors who are not part of the investigation into Cohen and would work to determine what is covered by privilege.
Wood also heard arguments about whether Avenatti - who represents Daniels in other lawsuits she has filed against Trump and Cohen - could join the case, providing the hearing's main drama. Cohen's attorneys and Avenatti have engaged in an extended back-and-forth over the question, filing dueling letters Tuesday night and then arguing in court Wednesday.
When he entered the courtroom Wednesday, Avenatti approached the bench to find out where he should sit. He was pointed to the back of the room, where he approached Alan Futerfas, attorney for the Trump Organization.
"I was told to pull up a seat and share this table," Avenatti said with a chuckle before sitting down.
Avenatti said in court that a reporter called him to describe hearing a recorded conversation between Cohen and Keith Davidson - who as an attorney for Daniels negotiated the $130,000 payment she received from Cohen before the 2016 election - and said this could only have been released by Cohen's team. He said this was "very surprising and disturbing to me" as an attorney for Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford.
Stephen Ryan, a Cohen attorney, said he was unaware of the release of any audio file. He focused instead on Avenatti's disclosure earlier this month of financial information related to Cohen.
"The reason I rise today is because I've never seen an attorney conduct himself in the manner Mr. Avenatti has," Ryan said. Avenatti's motion, he said, was "sidestepping his intentionally malicious and prejudicial release of that information."
Ryan added, "It was a premeditated drive-by shooting of my client's rights."
Avenatti defended his release of the financial information, which prompted the Treasury Department's inspector general to launch an investigation.
"There's no evidence we did anything improper," he said. "We haven't been contacted by the Treasury Department. We haven't been contacted by the FBI."
In their letter Tuesday night, Cohen's attorneys also pointed to a tweet from Avenatti about Cohen's finances and to a recent bankruptcy court decision against Avenatti's law firm. Ryan said that was raised because it showed that "Mr. Avenatti cannot keep his agreements."
Joanna Hendon, a Trump attorney, said she shared the concerns raised by Cohen's team about Avenatti. She said that while Avenatti argued that the firm in the bankruptcy case was not involved with Daniels' litigation, it had sent emails regarding her case.
In response, Avenatti noted that "Mr. Trump had his own fair share of bankruptcies" and added that the president has "tweeted about Mr. Cohen in great detail."
Avenatti's enthusiasm for media attention also drew criticism from Ryan and Hendon, and Wood suggested that she shared those concerns. The judge told him that if he is allowed to participate in the process, he would "not be permitted to use this court as a platform for anything" and said he could no longer declare that Cohen is guilty of potential charges.
If Avenatti had been given standing in the case, Wood said, he would have to "stop in its tracks your publicity tour on television and elsewhere."
After leaving the hearing, Avenatti offered an energetic condemnation of Cohen to the press assembled outside the courthouse. He withdrew his motion to join a short time later.
(c) 2018, The Washington Post. Written by Philip Bump and Mark Berman.
Related Coverage FEMA criticized for plan to end storm aid in Puerto Rico
(WTNH/AP)–Hurricane-devastated Puerto Rico is receiving a financial lifeline. The United States Department of Housing and Urban Development has awarded the island $1.5 billion to help it recover from hurricanes Irma and Maria.
The money will be used for long-term recovery of seriously damaged homes and businesses. Nearly half a million customers are still without power in Puerto Rico.
This is welcome news for islanders after reports that the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) intended to cut off food and water supplies to Puerto Rico last week.
Related: FEMA criticized for plan to end storm aid in Puerto Rico
FEMA spokesman William Booher told The Associated Press that the agency has been evaluating whether enough stores and supermarkets reopened by Jan. 31 to justify ending distribution of food and water to municipal governments on the island. He said no decision has been made and officials mistakenly made the date public this week.
Booher said FEMA is in the process of winding down food and water distribution as stores and markets come back online, but he stressed it will continue to distribute aid to needy towns for the foreseeable future.
A A A
Foxconn, assembler of iPhones, eyes Wisconsin for plant
By SCOTT BAUER
, Associated Press
(AP) — A Taiwanese company that assembles Apple's iPhones and other electronics is considering building a plant in Wisconsin that could employ thousands of people and give Gov. Scott Walker a huge political boost as he prepares to run for re-election.
A person with direct knowledge of the negotiations who was not authorized to speak publicly confirmed to The Associated Press on Wednesday that the state is in talks with Foxconn. At least one other upper Midwest state, Michigan, is also pursuing the plant.
President Donald Trump alluded to negotiations with an unspecified company during a visit to Milwaukee on Tuesday, saying Walker might get "a very happy surprise very soon." Trump said "we were negotiating with a major, major incredible manufacturer of phones and computers and televisions."
Foxconn assembles smartphones and other devices for Apple, Sony, Blackberry and other brands — mostly in China, where its plants employ about 1 million people. It has been the subject of complaints for years about its labor practices and worker suicides at plants in China that manufacture Apple products.
Walker's administration deferred comment to the state's chief economic development agency. Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation spokesman Mark Maley said the agency doesn't comment on pending or potential opportunities.
"It would be great for Wisconsin for a lot of reasons," said Tom Still, president of the Wisconsin Technology Council, who noted that Wisconsin is already home to similar electronic manufacturers.
"I am assuming Foxconn was attracted by the fact there's already a skilled workforce here and there's a foundation to produce more such workers through the tech colleges and the other parts of the education system," Still said.
Foxconn, founded in 1974, announced in January that it was considering investing $7 billion in a U.S. factory to produce display panels that would create as many as 50,000 jobs. The company was purchased last year of Japan's Sharp Corp.
Walker made a brief, previously unannounced trip to Japan the weekend of June 2 to pursue an undisclosed economic development opportunity. That same weekend, Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder was also in Japan.
Snyder has been increasing pressure on Michigan lawmakers to approve tax incentives for large-scale business expansions in the state as it tries to convince Foxconn to locate in his state.
Michigan's state Senate Majority Leader Arlan Meekhof said this week in advocating for the incentives to lure Foxconn that "we should put our best foot forward so that we don't lose all of it or part of it to a neighboring state."
Wisconsin state Rep. Joel Kleefisch, a Republican, said Wednesday he would "jump at the chance" to work with the Walker administration to pass any economic development incentives deemed necessary to land the Foxconn plant.
Foxconn CEO Terry Gou said in January that a decision would depend on factors including whether a state where the factory might be built would be willing to provide low-cost land or power. He also said Pennsylvania was a leading candidate, but that the company was in discussions with other states.
A Foxconn partner, SoftBank CEO Masayoshi Son, said after a December meeting with then-President-elect Trump that the company was considering a $7 billion investment in the U.S.
___
Follow Scott Bauer on Twitter at https://twitter.com/sbauerAP
Amanullah Khan
Karachi
Thar coal mining and 660MW power project in Thar Block II will be completed ahead of the scheduled time, the commissioning date is set at 3rd June 2019, said the Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company (SECMC) Chief, Shamsuddin Ahmed Shaikh on Wednesday. “Despite declaring Gorano reservoir project technically and environmentally sound by the judicial committee of Sindh High Court, we are ready to talk with the protesters to remove their concerns which were created by misinformation”, he was addressing to an Iftar Dinner ceremony held in Mithi the other evening.
Sharing the details of the coal mining project, Mr. Shaikh said that the company has achieved 40 percent of mining and 33 percent progress on the power projects in 15 months after the financial closure achieved in April 2016.
“The total duration envisaged for completion of the project was set at 42 months, but the pace of the work ensures us of its completion in 38 months instead,” he added.
He asserted that he strongly believes that benefits from the coal projects in Thar should go to the locals of Thar before the rest of the country and, that's why, he added, the company has started interventions in education, health, livelihood, and drinking water sectors for the people of the area – and the schemes have already started benefiting the locales.
Member of Sindh Assembly from district Tharparkar, Dr. Mahesh Malani said that Thar Coal Block II project is one of the largest of the energy schemes of Pakistan and it is a blessing for the people of Thar.
Dr. Malani assured that Sindh Government through its elected representatives is ready to guarantee that no damage would occur to the locales living around the Gorrano Reservoir. He also said that the government was considering a package for the Gorrano community which would be announced soon.
Addressing the question pertaining to the technicalities of the Gorrano reservoir, he said that the feasibility study has been prepared by the reputable international firms and it is in no one's favour to challenge their reports which have been carefully drafted after comprehensive research considering all aspects.
He said that contrary to the misconception spread by certain elements, the project shall benefit the Thar and Tharis on a large scale which would surely change the face of the area from being a poverty-stricken to a prosperous region.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Hershey 1 0 0—1 Penguins 1 0 3—4
First period: Scoring - 1, Hershey, Barber (Graovac), 6:22; 2, WBS, Pedan (Dea, Blueger), 17:59 (PP). Penalties - WBS, Pedan, fighting 0:05; Hershey, Sill, fighting 0:05; WBS, Dea, high-sticking 1:29; Hershey, Ness, interference 17:18.
Second period: Scoring - None. Penalties - Hershey, Bourque, 10:02 slashing; WBS, McKegg, tripping 16:01; Hershey, Mitchell, roughing 19:18.
Third period: Scoring - 3, WBS, Pedan (McKegg, Sprong), 5:34; 4, WBS, Czuczman (Corrado, Aston-Reese), 11:40; 5, WBS, Burton (Sprong, Corrado), 14:44 (EN). Penalties - WBS, Di Pauli, tripping 13:39.
Shots on goal: Hershey 10 9 7 - 26; WBS 8 9 9 - 26.
Goaltenders: Hershey, Copley (22 saves on 25 shots); WBS, Jarry (25 saves on 26 shots).
Power-play opportunities: Hershey 0 for 3; WBS 1 for 3.
Referees: David Banfield and Guillaumne Labonte. Linesmen: Jason Mandroc and Matt McNulty.
Attendance: 5,978
Three stars
1. Penguins defenseman Andrey Pedan, two goals
2. Penguins G Tristan Jarry, 25 saves
3. Penguins RW Daniel Sprong, two assists
By the numbers
11 — goal differential over the Penguins' last four games against Hershey. They've outscored the Bears, 14-3, in that span.
Penguins lineup
Zach Aston-Reese-J.S. Dea-Ryan Haggerty
Garrett Wilson-Gage Quinney-Daniel Sprong
Adam Johnson-Greg McKegg-Colin Smith
Thomas Di Pauli-Teddy Blueger-Jarrett Burton
Defensemen: Andrey Pedan-Ethan Prow
Kevin Czuczman-Frank Corrado
Kevin Spinozzi-Chris Summers
Goalies: Tristan Jarry-Anthony Peters
Lineup notes
Captain Tom Kostopoulos did not make his 700th AHL start on Friday, with head coach Clark Donatelli saying after the game that he is still day-to-day. His status for tonight's game was unknown. ... Jean-Sebastien Dea was a little late for warmups, but did start after he was reassigned by Pittsburgh earlier in the day. ... Kevin Spinozzi made his first start on defense since Jan. 13.
Up next
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton takes on its other in-state rival, the Lehigh Valley Phantoms, at 7:05 p.m. tonight at Mohegan Sun Arena.
— TYLER PICCOTTI
AHL standings
Eastern Conference
Atlantic Division
GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA
North Division
GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA
Western Conference
Central Division
GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA
Pacific Division
GP W L OL SOL Pts GF GA
Two points are awarded for a win, one point for an overtime or shootout loss.
Thursday's Game
Cleveland 3, Grand Rapids 2, SO
Friday's Games
Springfield 1, Bridgeport 0
Utica 3, Syracuse 1
Grand Rapids 4, Cleveland 2
Providence 2, Hartford 1, OT
Penguins 4, Hershey 1
Lehigh Valley 3, Charlotte 2
Toronto 4, Rochester 2
Belleville 3, Binghamton 2, SO
Manitoba 4, Rockford 3, OT
Chicago 4, Milwaukee 1
Texas at San Antonio, (n.)
Iowa at Bakersfield, (n.)
San Jose at Stockton, (n.)
Tucson at Ontario, (n.)
Today's Games
Laval at Toronto, 4 p.m.
Providence at Hartford, 7 p.m.
Charlotte at Hershey, 7 p.m.
Belleville at Bridgeport, 7 p.m.
Utica at Syracuse, 7 p.m.
Manitoba at Milwaukee, 7 p.m.
Lehigh Valley at Penguins, 7:05 p.m.
Rochester at Binghamton, 7:05 p.m.
Rockford at Chicago, 8 p.m.
San Antonio at Texas, 8 p.m.
Iowa at Ontario, 9 p.m.
Stockton at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Tucson at San Diego, 10 p.m.
Sunday's Games
Grand Rapids at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
Charlotte at Hershey, 2 p.m.
Josina Anderson says NFL player rights are being infringed upon by not being able to express themselves freely. (1:21)
Several NFL owners said in depositions that President Donald Trump factored into conversations about how to handle protests during the national anthem, The Wall Street Journal reported.
While testifying as part of the Colin Kaepernick collusion case, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said Trump spoke with him about the anthem.
"This is very winning, strong issue for me," Jones said Trump told him during a phone call. "Tell everybody, you can't win this one. This one lifts me."
The Journal also reported that Miami Dolphins owner Stephen Ross testified that New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft had also discussed the anthem with Trump.
While at an Alabama rally in September, Trump blasted NFL players who knelt during the anthem. He said owners should pull players who kneel from games and referred to a player who protested during the anthem as a "son of a bitch."
That comment drew a wide reaction across the NFL, leading to additional protests before the following Sunday's games.
President Donald Trump has been publicly outspoken in his views on NFL players kneeling during the national anthem, but he also reportedly reached out to league owners seeking their support on the issue. AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta
Ross testified that Trump's comments "changed the dialogue," and Houston Texans owner Bob McNair acknowledged that the protests were financially hurting teams, according to the Journal.
Ross made similar comments to the New York Daily News in March, when he told the newspaper that all Dolphins players would stand for the national anthem. The owner said he became against kneeling when he felt that the message from the players was being interpreted as anti-military.
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell and Kraft are also among the people who have been deposed in the case.
Editor's Picks Smith: New policy makes Kap's protest 'in vain' Torrey Smith discussed the NFL's new anthem policy on Tuesday, saying the league "dropped the ball" with the resolution, which makes the initial protest by Colin Kaepernick seem "in vain."
The 99 NFL players, coaches and themes that will define 2018 A wild offseason should lead to an eventful season. Here are the biggest names and storylines to watch as the number of days remaining until kickoff enters double digits. 1 Related
Kaepernick became the first player to sit and later kneel during the anthem as a way of protesting police brutality and racial injustice. He has not played for an NFL team since opting out of his contract with the San Francisco 49ers in March 2017 and is suing the league, claiming the owners colluded by not signing him to a contract.
NFL owners approved a new policy at the league meetings earlier this month that requires all players and team personnel on the field to stand during the national anthem. They have the option to remain in the locker room for the anthem if they choose.
If players or personnel on the field do not stand, the league can subject teams to a fine. Teams also will have the option to fine any team personnel, including players, for the infraction.
The day of the vote, Trump told "Fox & Friends" that he thought the league was "doing the right thing" with the new anthem policy.
Jones did try to deflect some credit going to Trump.
"Let's [not] give him that much credit," Jones testified, according to the Journal. "But I recognize he's the president of the United States."
A man injured in a shooting at Kensington Market on the weekend has died in hospital, police said Wednesday. Around 10:30 p.m. Sunday, Toronto police were called to the area of Augusta Ave. and College St., just west of Spadina Ave.
Four people were shot on Augusta Ave. in Kensington Market on Sunday evening. ( Victor Biro photo )
Four victims were found with gunshot wounds when paramedics arrived. Two men in their 20s were taken to hospital, one in life-threatening condition and the other with serious injuries. Two others were transported to local hospitals with minor injuries. Police spokesperson Const. David Hopkinson told the Star earlier that there were reports of four possible suspects running away.
Article Continued Below
No suspect information has been released. The homicide unit has taken over the investigation. Ilya Bañares is a breaking news reporter, working out of the Star's radio room in Toronto. Follow him on Twitter: @ilyaoverseas
KARACHI, March 19 (APP): Advisor to the Prime Minister on Finance and Economic Affairs Dr Miftah Ismail Monday said the Ministry of Finance would soon set up a separate division for increased support to the fast growing Islamic banking.
A meeting of the Committee for Implementation of the Recommendations of Steering Committee for Promotion of Islamic Banking would also be convened soon, Dr Miftah said while speaking here at a two-day World Islamic Finance Forum (WIFF-2018).
The international forum has been organized by Institute of Business Administration's Centre for Excellence in Islamic Finance (CIEF) in collaboration with key partners with the theme “Expanding the Footprint of Islamic Finance: Innovation, Fintech and Regulations”.
The advisor said the government would soon launch Rs 100 million Sukuk bonds for Islamic banking industry to strengthen its liquidity position in pursuance of its mission of fast growth of Islamic financing in the country.
Highlighting the performance of PML-N government, Dr Miftah said, “We are set to achieve 6 per cent gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate, the highest rate during the last decade.”
He hoped that the 6% GDP growth rate would help create a lot of job opportunities. The country had the potential to even achieve 8 to 10 per cent growth rate. It had huge coal deposits in Tharparker with estimated market value of Rs 9 trillion. There was a big stock of copper and many other natural resources in Balochistan, which should be utilized to the optimum level, he added.
He said the government had removed the basic bottlenecks in getting higher economic growth, including energy shortage, law and order, and red tape for the businessmen and industrialists.
He underlined the need for further simplification of procedure of doing business and reducing the number of taxes, saying the government was moving forward to achieve those targets.
He said, “I am trying to resolve the business community's problems.” The next budget would aim at maximizing the economic growth instead of maximizing revenue, he added.
Miftah said the government was going to announce an amnesty scheme during the current month. However, there would be certain checks to stop its misuse, he added.
He said in the coming budget, the rate of tax on individuals income would be reduced to support the common man.
Chairman, Shariah Board of The Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions (AAOIFI) Shaikh Muhammad Taqi Usmani said the people of Pakistan origin, who were holding key positions in Islamic banking industry around the world, were making contribution in developing regulatory framework and above all developing products that were meeting the emerging needs of trade and industry.
He urged the government to take concrete steps for making the economy riba (interest) free in absolute terms.
Taqi Usmani pointed out that Islamic financial institutions had excess liquidity and the government should work on creating avenues for its investment.
“I would suggest the ruling party to include in its election manifesto that riba would be eradicated totally from economy at the earliest,” he said.
Chairman AAOIFI Board of Trustees, Bahrain Shaikh Ebrahim Bin Khalifa Al Khalifa, who was the chief guest, said, “It is heartening to note that Pakistan is striving to become another hub of Islamic finance. It has all the basic ingredients — a population of 200 million predominantly Muslims, a robust banking and finance sector, vibrant agriculture, industrial and services sectors.”
The apex regulators – State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and Securities and Exchange Commission of Pakistan, he said, were playing a proactive role. The progress made over the last decade was encouraging, which guaranteed that achieving the target would not be difficult, he added.
Meezan Bank President Irfan Siddiqui requested the federal government to set a target to acquire at least 25 per cent of the local funding through Islamic banking as Islamic financial institutions had excess liquidity and limited avenues for investment.
SBP deputy governors Jameel Ahmad and Shamsul Hasan spoke of the central bank's initiatives to promote Islamic banking in the country.
CEIF- IBA Chairman and former SBP governor Dr Ishrat Husain deliberated on Islamic banking and its future potential.
CEIF- IBA Director Ahmed Ali Siddiqui, welcoming the delegates, said the centre had emerged as a regional platform for excellence in Islamic finance.
He said focus areas of CEIF included development of Islamic finance professionals and new human resources talent pool through industry linkages and international collaborations.
Panel discussions were also held, which were participated by senior bankers.
Former wide receiver Randy Moss has always had a unique way with words during and after his playing career. (0:39)
MINNEAPOLIS -- Saturday marked my ninth year as a selector for the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Here are some thoughts after safety Brian Dawkins, linebacker Ray Lewis, receiver Randy Moss, receiver Terrell Owens and linebacker Brian Urlacher emerged as the five modern-era choices:
1. Owens' time arrived
I've been an Owens supporter based on his production and the leading role he played in the successes of his teams, highlighted by his courageous performance for Philadelphia on a broken ankle in the 2005 Super Bowl against New England.
No one could question Owens' effort, toughness or production. I've made the point that Owens' teams and their quarterbacks enjoyed some of their finest seasons with Owens as a centerpiece. It took a couple of years, but these very measurable contributions prevailed over less measurable concerns that Owens' immature behavior hurt his teams.
Owens had five 1,200-yard receiving seasons, and is second all time in receiving yards (15,934) and third in touchdown catches (153) behind only fellow 2018 inductee Randy Moss and Hall of Famer Jerry Rice. Matthew Emmons/USA TODAY Sports
2. Owens held key for the OL
There were five offensive linemen on the ballot of 15 modern-era finalists. All but Joe Jacoby made the initial reduction to 10 candidates. Once four linemen advanced to the final 10, I felt as though Owens would have to miss the final five for any offensive lineman to make it this year.
Editor's Picks Meet the 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame class The 2018 Pro Football Hall of Fame includes a pair of wide receivers and a trio of linebackers.
Sizing up a legend: Inside Ray Lewis' draft-day slide to the Ravens There was skepticism about his height from the beginning, and it showed during the draft. But Ray Lewis' fall turned into the Ravens' biggest gain. 1 Related
Lewis and Moss seemed like locks. Urlacher was not far behind. Dawkins was a strong candidate running unopposed at his position once John Lynch failed to make the final 10.
With Lewis, Moss, Urlacher and Dawkins in prime position to earn spots in the final five, the question became whether Owens would gain enough support to join them. If Owens failed, then the fifth member of the 2018 class would be cornerback Ty Law or one of the remaining offensive linemen, which included Steve Hutchinson, Tony Boselli, Kevin Mawae and Alan Faneca.
Once Owens made the reduction to five, he still had to win 80 percent approval on a separate yes-no vote. Ten "no" votes would have eliminated him, and there was some feeling that this could happen. Owens hadn't even made the final 10 last year, after all.
3. O-linemen face challenges in 2019
Safety Ed Reed, tight end Tony Gonzalez and cornerback Champ Bailey become newly eligible for enshrinement next year. They combined for 35 Pro Bowls and 17 first-team All-Pro selections. All three were all-decade selections as well.
Those three could be first-ballot Hall of Famers, which would leave open only two modern-era spots for a pool that figures to again include Law, Hutchinson, Boselli, Mawae, Faneca, Isaac Bruce, Edgerrin James and John Lynch.
These acclaimed offensive linemen are now in the same position prominent wide receivers faced when Cris Carter, Andre Reed, Tim Brown and Marvin Harrison were in the mix. Carter made it in 2013, Reed followed in 2014 and Brown's turn came in 2015, resolving a logjam that was threatening to complicate matters for Harrison, who made it in 2016.
4. Not a bad day for Isaac Bruce
Bruce's numbers are almost identical to those of Owens and Moss, except that he scored far fewer touchdowns, in part because Hall of Fame running back Marshall Faulk took away scoring opportunities from him. Bruce lost out to Owens and Moss on Saturday, which means those two will not overshadow him in the future. That is good for Bruce's prospects.
5. Another battle looms for Lynch
Dawkins, the great former Philadelphia Eagles safety, had the edge over Lynch, the great former Tampa Bay Buccaneers safety.
Reed's eligibility as a first-time safety candidate in 2019 figures to replicate the dynamic for Lynch next year. Voters sometimes talk about picking the best five players regardless of position, but when little separates candidates in voters' minds, there can be a tendency for individual voters to pick one player from a position group.
Finalists tend to earn enshrinement eventually. Lynch will continue to have elite company among safeties on future ballots with Reed eligible in 2019, Troy Polamalu eligible in 2020 and Charles Woodson eligible in 2021.
A high speed chase ends in a crash south of Dodge Center early Monday evening.
Authorities report a person was driving a stolen vehicle in Mower County, and the driver did not stop for law enforcement.
The driver led authorities on a chase that ended at Highway 56 and County Road 6, when he ran into another car.
There were two people in the bystander vehicle. Responders took both of those people to the hospital.
Responders took the suspect to a hospital in Mower County, and he is under arrest.
Islamabad
Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority (OGRA) has so far issued around 21 licenses to different companies pertaining to regulated gas sector since 2002.
The permits are meant for transmission and sale of gas to various entities in different parts of the country, the OGRA said in its annual report for the year 2016-17.
The authority granted diverse licenses to different companies including Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited, Sui Southern Gas Company Limited, Mari Petroleum Company Limited, Pakistan Petroleum Limited, Oil and Gas Development Company Limited, Fauji Fertilizer Company Limited, Engro Chemicals Pakistan Limited, Central Power Generation Company Limited, Fatima Fertilizer Company Limited, Foundation Power Company Limited, Star Power Company Limited, Star Power Generation Limited, Engro Fertilizer Limited, ETPL, Universal Gas Distribution Company, Gaseous Distribution Company and Fauji Oil Terminal and Distribution Company.
Giving the regulatory regime overview, the report said, the regulatory functions of natural gas sector were transferred to the OGRA on March 28, 2002 with the objective to break the public sector monopoly, open the natural gas transmission and distribution to private sector and promote competition in the midstream and downstream oil and gas sector.
Since then, the authority has been performing functions like grant of licenses for regulated gas sector, formulation of rules, regulations and procedures for the conduct of licencees, determination of revenue requirement petitions of SNGPL& SSGCL, monitoring and enforcement of rules, regulations and applicable licence conditions, resolution of disputes and complaints lodged by the consumers, pipeline capacity allocation, licensing of low pressure (flare) gas and for sale of re-gassified liquiefied natural gas.—APP
A tennis commentator dropped by ESPN for a remark about Venus Williams during the Australian Open sued the sports network Tuesday for wrongful termination.
Former tennis pro Doug Adler maintains he was describing Williams' aggressive style last month as "guerrilla'' tactics and not comparing her with a "gorilla.'' He apologized for his poor word choice but was let go from ESPN mid-tournament.
Adler claims "emotional distress'' in the filing in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging he was wrongly branded a racist and has lost other TV opportunities because of the controversy. The lawsuit calls for punitive financial damages, but doesn't name an amount.
ESPN spokesman Mike Soltys said Tuesday the network hadn't seen the lawsuit and had no comment.
The suit points out that "Guerrilla Tennis'' was the name of a Nike TV ad from the 1990s featuring Andre Agassi and Pete Sampras.
"Obviously, (Adler) saw that commercial many times and the phrase became widely used by those who actually understood tennis vernacular and followed the sport closely,'' the lawsuit said.
Peter Bodo, senior editor of Tennis magazine, used the term in a 2012 profile of Agnieszka Radwanska, according to court papers.
Adler was doing play-by-play commentary on ESPN for Williams' Jan. 18 match against Stefanie Voegele, saying Williams was playing more aggressively after Voegele missed serves.
When Voegele faulted on a serve, Adler described Williams as moving in and charging with a "gorilla effect'' or "guerrilla effect.'' Because the words gorilla and guerrilla are pronounced similarly, it's impossible to say for certain which word Adler spoke.
Offended viewers called for Adler to be fired for comparing Williams, who is African-American, with a gorilla. At the time Adler said he was speaking about Williams' tactics and strategy and "simply and inadvertently chose the wrong word to describe her play.''
In a statement emailed in January to The Associated Press, ESPN said it had pulled Adler from broadcasts.
"During an Australian Open stream on ESPN3, Doug Adler should have been more careful in his word selection. He apologized and we have removed him from his remaining assignments,'' the statement read.
Adler was an All-American player at the University of Southern California who went on to play on the pro circuit. He was hired by ESPN in 2008 and covered tournaments including the US Open, French Open and Wimbledon.
Williams declined to comment on the remark or the ensuing controversy.
Family and friends of Grenfell Tower residents took to social media with appeals for help to find loved ones after the west London highrise caught fire Wednesday morning.
Artist Khadija Saye was reported missing by British Labour politician David Lammy. Her work is on display at the 57th Venice Biennale.
Lammy said in a Facebook post that Saye lives on the 20th floor with her mother.
“Khadija is the mentee and employee of my wife, a dear friend of our family, a beautiful soul and an outstanding emerging artist.”
The Italian Foreign Ministry said two Italians are missing. They are believed to be Marco Gottardi and his girlfriend, Gloria Trevisan, based on information from Gottardi's cousin.
Pamela Pizziolo said on Facebook that Gottardi and Trevisan were in their apartment on the 23rd floor when the fire broke out.
Denis Murphy was reported missing by nephew Stevan Racz. Murphy, who lives on the 14th floor, last spoke to the family between 1:30 and 2 a.m. Wednesday, Racz said.
“He called us this morning to say the flats were on fire and he couldn't breathe. We couldn't get hold of him after,” said Murphy's nephew, Stevan Racz.
He said his uncle, who is 54 years old, has lived in the building for more than 25 years.
“He is a much loved father, brother, son and uncle. [He's a] friend to many in the area,” Racz said.
By Dan La Botz By August 10, 2017 — August 10, 2017 — Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal reposted from New Politics — The socialist movement in the United States took a big step forward this past weekend as almost 700 delegates representing over 25,000 members of the Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) met at the organization's biennial national convention in Chicago. This convention, the first since DSA more than tripled in size following last year's election, brought together delegates from all of the country's major cities and many towns large and small.Most were new members who had joined in the last year either came out of the Bernie Sanders campaign or joined in reaction to the frightening prospect of the Donald Trump presidency. The convention cohered the hundreds of new members into a national organization in what was virtually a re-founding of the DSA. It gave them the experience of beginning to run their own organization, and the delegates adopted constitutional changes and policy resolutions that moved the organization to the left. by the merger of Old Left activists from the Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee (DSOC) led by Michael Harrington and by New Left activists of the 1970s who had created the New American Movement (NAM). Inspired by Harrington's notion (called the “realignment strategy”) that it would be possible to reform the Democratic Party by driving out both the big city political machines and the South's white racist Democratic Party politicians, from the 1970s to the early 2000s DSOC and DSA were oriented toward the progressive labor union officialdom, the leadership of the civil rights movement, and the liberal wing of the Democratic Party. DSA was affiliated with the Socialist International and identified with the Scandinavian Social Democratic parties that had successfully constructed welfare states with impressive programs of health, education, and housing. By the 1990s it was clear that Harrington's strategy had failed and without a clear alternative perspective, a smaller, weaker DSA stumbled into the twenty-first century. DSA was founded in 1982 by the merger of Old Left activists from the Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee (DSOC) led by Michael Harrington and by New Left activists of the 1970s who had created the New American Movement (NAM). Inspired by Harrington's notion (called the “realignment strategy”) that it would be possible to reform the Democratic Party by driving out both the big city political machines and the South's white racist Democratic Party politicians, from the 1970s to the early 2000s DSOC and DSA were oriented toward the progressive labor union officialdom, the leadership of the civil rights movement, and the liberal wing of the Democratic Party. DSA was affiliated with the Socialist International and identified with the Scandinavian Social Democratic parties that had successfully constructed welfare states with impressive programs of health, education, and housing. By the 1990s it was clear that Harrington's strategy had failed and without a clear alternative perspective, a smaller, weaker DSA stumbled into the twenty-first century.
A new DSA
The Bernie Sanders campaign with its call for a “political revolution” and a fight against the “billionaire class”—and especially Sanders definition of himself as a “democratic socialist”—created a tremendous political upsurge, especially among the youth, and revived the DSA. Longtime DSA leaders, the organization's small staff, and the leaders of DSA's youth group, the Young Democratic Socialists (who renamed themselves the Young Democratic Socialists of America at the convention), seized the opportunity and recruited thousands out of the Sanders movement. When Trump won the presidential election and took office in January, thousands more joined. It is these mostly young activists who made up the delegates to the convention—one out of five a person of color, two out of five women—determined to make themselves into socialists and to make DSA their own. Naturally in such an organization the levels of movement involvement, of socialist education, and of political experience were highly uneven, but the convention—thanks to its “Socialism 101” style workshops went a long way in providing a common basis for what is virtually a new organization. The Bernie Sanders campaign with its call for a “political revolution” and a fight against the “billionaire class”—and especially Sanders definition of himself as a “democratic socialist”—created a tremendous political upsurge, especially among the youth, and revived the DSA. Longtime DSA leaders, the organization's small staff, and the leaders of DSA's youth group, the Young Democratic Socialists (who renamed themselves the Young Democratic Socialists of America at the convention), seized the opportunity and recruited thousands out of the Sanders movement. When Trump won the presidential election and took office in January, thousands more joined. It is these mostly young activists who made up the delegates to the convention—one out of five a person of color, two out of five women—determined to make themselves into socialists and to make DSA their own. Naturally in such an organization the levels of movement involvement, of socialist education, and of political experience were highly uneven, but the convention—thanks to its “Socialism 101” style workshops went a long way in providing a common basis for what is virtually a new organization.
A move to the Left
Like most conventions, DSA's had plenary sessions with featured speakers, educational workshops, and opportunities to caucus, but the members demanded more time to discuss and debate the resolutions. With so many members new to both left politics and parliamentary procedure, at times the meeting was tedious, frustrating, even aggravating, but under the guidance of an experienced chair who combined patience with firmness, it was a tremendous learning experience for the group. Through the long hours of debate with points of information and myriad motions, in the end the convention adopted a national priorities document that made the fight for a single-payer health care program a national objective. Like most conventions, DSA's had plenary sessions with featured speakers, educational workshops, and opportunities to caucus, but the members demanded more time to discuss and debate the resolutions. With so many members new to both left politics and parliamentary procedure, at times the meeting was tedious, frustrating, even aggravating, but under the guidance of an experienced chair who combined patience with firmness, it was a tremendous learning experience for the group. Through the long hours of debate with points of information and myriad motions, in the end the convention adopted a national priorities document that made the fight for a single-payer health care program a national objective. The convention also voted to adopt several constitutional amendments and resolutions that moved the organization significantly to the left. The delegates: The convention also voted to adopt several constitutional amendments and resolutions that moved the organization significantly to the left. The delegates: Voted to leave the Socialist International (SI), based on arguments that the European Social Democrats had become the enforcers of neoliberalism and austerity, that the other member parties around the world included many authoritarian governments, and, finally, that the SI was disintegrating. Voted to support the Boycott, Divest, Sanctions movement and to oppose efforts to criminalize it. Voted to establish a People of Color Caucus./span> Voted to establish a Labor Commission. Voted to establish a forum for political debate within the organization.
The Democratic Party and labor
DSA members by and large oppose both Trump and the neoliberal Democrats. As I argued before the convention, DSA members by and large oppose both Trump and the neoliberal Democrats. As I argued before the convention, I view the progressive wing of the Democratic Party as the central issue. Two different motions—I was involved with both—attempted to get DSA to adopt a more critical attitude toward the Democratic Party and especially toward the progressive Democrats in groups such as Indivisible, MoveOn.org, and Our Revolution. The motion failed, but received about two-fifths of the vote, another sign of the growing radicalization of the DSA membership. A third resolution that called for DSA to begin to transform itself into a political party was tabled on the grounds that there were legal questions about running candidates. And, finally, a motion to draft Bernie Sanders for a People's Party also went down to defeat by an overwhelming vote. DSA labor activists had pushed for the creation of the labor commission. That commission begins with 350 labor union members, while according to one of its organizers there are in DSA some 1,440 rank-and-file union members, or about 6 percent of the total membership, based on an extrapolation from a survey of 5,000 members. There was one labor gathering during the convention as about twenty teachers met to discuss rank-and-file labor perspectives. DSA labor activists had pushed for the creation of the labor commission. That commission begins with 350 labor union members, while according to one of its organizers there are in DSA some 1,440 rank-and-file union members, or about 6 percent of the total membership, based on an extrapolation from a survey of 5,000 members. There was one labor gathering during the convention as about twenty teachers met to discuss rank-and-file labor perspectives. The convention agenda, determined by earlier surveys of the members and delegates, recommendations from the convention committee, and by the delegates themselves was focused on health care and politics, and as was pointed out by delegates during the last session, did not include the The convention agenda, determined by earlier surveys of the members and delegates, recommendations from the convention committee, and by the delegates themselves was focused on health care and politics, and as was pointed out by delegates during the last session, did not include the critical issue of climate change . And, as one activist pointed out, there was not one motion on LGBT issues. DSA members, of course, are involved in both of those issues already and will no doubt continue to bring up them up at the chapter level as well as making demands on the new National Political Committee (NPC) in the future. When at one point the chair moved an untimely disability resolution out of order, a small, short protest by a group of disabled members chanting “Nothing about us without us,” led to a motion to overturn to chair, another to suspend the rules, and then to the adoption of a resolution to add disability language acceptable to the disability caucus to the priorities resolution. When at one point the chair moved an untimely disability resolution out of order, a small, short protest by a group of disabled members chanting “Nothing about us without us,” led to a motion to overturn to chair, another to suspend the rules, and then to the adoption of a resolution to add disability language acceptable to the disability caucus to the priorities resolution. There were also moments of tremendous enthusiasm. Not only did DSA break with the Socialist International, but it made symbolic moves to identify itself with the broad left parties of the left in Europe and Latin America. At the banquet held on Saturday night DSA delegates cheered wildly the spokespersons from the Socialism and Liberty Party ( There were also moments of tremendous enthusiasm. Not only did DSA break with the Socialist International, but it made symbolic moves to identify itself with the broad left parties of the left in Europe and Latin America. At the banquet held on Saturday night DSA delegates cheered wildly the spokespersons from the Socialism and Liberty Party ( PSOL ) of Brazil, of France Insoumise , of Podemos of Spain, the Left Bloc (BE) of Portugal, and the British Labour Party . The Labour Party spokesperson could hardly speak over the riotous singing of “O Jeremy Corbyn.”
Election of a new leadership
BURNABY, B.C.—Olympic bronze medallist Mark McMorris has begun his comeback from a life-threatening snowboarding accident earlier this year.
The Regina native is working at a rehab centre in Burnaby, B.C., with the goal of recovering in time for the Pyeongchang Olympics in February, Canada Snowboard said in a release Wednesday.
McMorris suffered a broken jaw, broken left arm, ruptured spleen, stable pelvic fracture, rib fractures and a collapsed left lung when he crashed off a jump in the B.C. backcountry on March 25. He was airlifted from Whistler to Vancouver General Hospital, where he underwent emergency surgery.
Damien Moroney, the director of rehabilitation and performance integration at Fortius Sport and Health in Burnaby, is overseeing McMorris's rehab. He also helped the snowboard star recover from a broken rib 11 days before the 2014 Sochi Olympics, and from a broken left femur last year.
“Mark has amazing mental and physical resiliency,” said Moroney. “I am continually impressed with his commitment, focus, attitude and capacity in the gym at this stage of his recovery. He is fully engaged in the process of developing all the key pillars that underpin athlete performance in preparation for the demands of competitive snowboarding.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Faryal Makhdoom has given birth to a baby girl - her second daughter with boxer Amir Khan .
The proud new dad announced the adorable news on his Instagram, revealing her name to his followers at the same time.
He captioned the sweet picture: "With my new born ALAYNA KHAN. Welcome to the world. Weighing 8lbs 3oz."
Little Alayna will be baby sister to the couple's three-year-old daughter Lamaisah, who frequently shows up on her parents' social media accounts.
The meaning of 'Alayna' is 'Princess' in Arabic - a fitting tribute to the little girl.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Amir and Faryal had dressed her in an unusual outfit for her first appearance in the public spotlight.
As she lay on her white blanket with Amir peering over her, little Alayna wore a leopard print babygro with a matching cap.
A red ruffled pompom and matching floofy trim adorned the bizarre getup as the tiny tot peered sleepily up at her dad.
Fans rushed to congratulate the star on the birth of his second child.
One said: "Congratulations champ!"
While another commented: "Mashallah she's gorgeous and congratulations"
"omg so cute," said another.
And one told him: "Congratulations to you both"
The happy news came after Amir beat Phil Lo Greco in just 39 seconds at last weekend's boxing match in Liverpool - and triumphantly roared out: "I'm back!"
The birth of the couple's second daughter comes after a rough patch for them.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In February, Faryal announced she was spending Valentine's Day alone, just days after her husband was accused of trying to convince a model to visit him in San Francisco while his wife was out of town.
"Btw How corny is Valentine's Day ... Who's going to be sitting at home? Eating chocolates they bought themselves?" Faryal darkly asked her followers.
The couple left for America on January 29, with Amir destined for a training camp in San Francisco and Faryal for New York.
They were due to meet up after a week, but model Dasha Abdelgany, 27, claimed that Khan tried to convince her to fly over and see him before Faryal arrived.
Just days after insisting he wasn't a cheat and that he was unfairly targeted by women, Dasha said Khan, 31, told her that she was cute, drooled over her voice and said of her lips: "Wow."
She claimed he befriended her after a social media spat and invited her to fly from her home in New York to meet him at his San Francisco training base.
A spokesman for Khan declined to comment.
(Image: Instagram/Faryal Makhdoom)
(Image: PA)
Amir and Faryal reconciled after she discovered she was pregnant and just before he entered the'm A Celebrity jungle.
They had split after a big fall-out with his family.
He later said on Loose Women that the real reason for their marriage problems was a "lack of communication".
"What went wrong was a lack of communication," he admitted, going into detail about how being laid off from boxing training had given him too much time to think.
"The way it went public wasn't nice. I think anger sometimes takes over. We want to make sure all that's put behind us."
(Image: ITV)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Amir went on: "I was going through that hand injury I had, not being in the boxing ring, being away from my family, going through a lot of stuff in my life - when I was away from the boxing ring I lost that focus, that structure.
"Not being in the gym, not training, having a lot of downtime, you have a lot of energy in your body and sometimes it's mental as well."
Faryal, who at the time was six months pregnant with the couple's second child, pointed out that their long-distance relationship didn't help either.
"I was in England, he was in Dubai - he thought he was a bit cool in Dubai, judging by his tweets," she quipped.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Twitter)
Amir confessed that he'd had something of an existential crisis and didn't know who to turn to.
"My family were very supportive, my parents, they kind of helped me when I said I didn't know what to do. I did come to a stage where I didn't know what to do with my life, I was breaking my marriage, I wasn't boxing, I had a hand injury.
"I didn't know where to go or what to do. Being a Muslim I started praying and that's one of the things that put me on the right path."
He said the'm A Celebrity chance come along just at the right time to save him, and he credited the programme with helping his marriage recover.
"It was a detox for me, just to get away from everything," he added.
City Reporter
In connection with the first death anniversary of eminent Qawal Amjad Farid Sabri, a special ceremony would be organized at the Arts Council of Pakistan Karachi on June 15 at 9.30 p.m. at its premises. An official of the organization said that prominent Qawals would pay tributes to the deceased, with their performance on the occasion.
The NBA released to team the list of 236 players that have filed as early entry candidates for the 2018 NBA draft, including 181 players from colleges and 55 international players. This number is up significantly from last year, which had 182 players (137 colleges, 45 internationals), an increase of 30 percent from 2017.
Players wishing to enter the 2018 NBA draft were required to submit a letter to the NBA to be received no later than Sunday, April 22 at 11:59 PM ET. Players who have applied for early entry have the right to withdraw their names from consideration for the draft by notifying the NBA of their decision in writing no later than 5 p.m. ET on Monday, June 11. Under NCAA rules, in order to retain college basketball eligibility, underclassmen that have entered the 2018 draft must withdraw by Wednesday, May 30.
Here is the list of college players who have applied for early entry into the 2018 draft, which will be held Thursday, June 21:
And here are the international players:
International Player Height Pos. Country Berke Atar 6-11 C Turkey LiAngelo Ball 6-5 SG USA Romaric Belemene 6-7 SF/PF Congo Laurynas Beliauskas 6-1 G Lithuania Rihards Berzins 6-10 PF/C Latvia Laurynas Birutis 7-1 C Lithuania Goga Bitadze 6-11 C Georgia Isaac Bonga 6-9 SF Germany Etienne Ca 6-9 PF France Sigfredo Casero 6-2 SG Cuba Emanuel Cate 6-9 PF Romania Vasilis Charalampopoulos 6-9 PF Greece Luka Doncic 6-8 PG Slovenia Yago Dos Santos 5-10 PG Brazil Berkan Durmaz 6-9 PF Turkey Aleksander Dziewa 6-9 C Poland Martynas Echodas 6-10 PF/C Lithuania Ibrahima Faye 6-9 PF/C Senegal Gabriel Galvanini 6-8 SF/PF Brazil Stephane Gombauld 6-7 PF France Melvyn Govindy 7-0 C France Yoan Granvorka 6-7 SF Switzerland Tryggvi Hlinason 7-1 C Iceland Karim Jallow 6-7 SF Germany Matas Jogela 6-8 SF/PF Lithuania Georgios Kalaitzakis 6-6 SG Greece Michal Kolenda 6-5 SF Poland Antonis Koniaris 6-3 PG Greece Leon Kratzer 6-11 C Germany Arnoldas Kulboka 6-10 SF Lithuania Rodions Kurucs 6-10 SF/PF Latvia Xabi Lopez-Arostegui 6-8 SF Spain Matur Maker 6-10 C Sudan Vanja Marinkovic 6-7 SG Serbia William McDowell-White 6-5 PG Australia Blaz Mesicek 6-6 SG Slovenia Adam Mokoka 6-4 SG France Shekinah Munanga 6-7 PF Democratic Republic of the Congo Dzanan Musa 6-9 SF Bosnia Muhaymin Mustafa 6-7 SF Cyprus William Narace 6-8 PF Cameroon Amine Noua 6-8 PF France Elie Okobo 6-3 PG France Viny Okouo 7-2 C Congo Louis Olinde 6-9 SF Germany Erxhan Osmani 6-11 C Albania Jean-Marc Pansa 6-10 C France Darel Poirier 6-9 PF France Marcel Ponitka 6-2 PG Poland Issuf Sanon 6-4 PG/SG Ukraine Tadas Sedekerskis 6-10 SF Lithuania Leonardo Tote 6-11 PF Italy Michael Uchendu 6-9 C Brazil Martynas Varnas 6-6 SG Lithuania Filip Zagrajski 6-3 PG Croatia
Additionally, the NBA sent teams a list of six players who are "auto-eligible" for the 2018 draft. These are international players (as defined in the CBA) that may have signed professional basketball contracts with teams in leagues other than the NBA prior to January 1, 2018. If this information is correct, these players would also be eligible for selection in the 2018 NBA draft. Because this information has not been verified, however, teams will have to do their own due diligence (as with any other draft selection).
Islamabad
Pakistan Squash Federation (PSF) would be hosting Professional Squash Association's (PSA) $5,000 tournament in Karachi next month. Talking to APP, PSF Honorary Secretary, Wing Commander Tahir Sultan said PSA has allowed Pakistan to host a $5,000 event and this event would be held in Karachi in July. “Only national senior and some junior players would be participating in the $5,000 event. This event would prove valuable for our national players as it would improve their international ranking,” he said. It may be mentioned here that PSA had cancelled all sanctioned and unsanctioned international events in Pakistan this year due to security concerns. But holding of this event would be a revival of international squash in the country. “This would prove as an important step towards return of international squash in the country,” Tahir said. Responding to a question, Tahir said we are also in talks with PSA to hold six more international tournaments in the country this year.—APP
By Mildred Siabi-Mensah, GNA
Takoradi, April 24, GNA – The Western Regional Office of the Food and Drugs Authority has so far seized more than 6,000 capsules of Tramadol from licensed chemical stores across the length and breadth of the Region.
Tramadol, a synthetic narcotics drug, used to manage moderate and severe pains could only be sold as a prescribed medicine and not supposed to be sold by chemical stores.
Mr Abu Sumaila, Regional Head of the FDA, told the Ghana News Agency that the drug had been abused in no small way by the youth, manual workers and drivers in recent times, mainly because it was accessible at the chemical stores and among drug peddlers.
According to him, the abuse of Tramadol could make one addictive, result in brain damage, epilepsy, excessive sweat and also hallucination.
In Ghana, the 50 to 100 grams are approved for use, but according to Mr Sumaila a combination of 120 and 80 grams were among those seized.
He said within the Sekondi/Takoradi Metropolis, out of the 31 license chemical stores visited, 1060 capsules were retrieved from four stores.
At Wassa Akropong and Enchi, 1,050 capsules were seized from two shops out of the 12 visited.
The FDA Boss said Asankragua recorded the highest number of 4,900 probably due to the mining activities in the area.
“We are in talks with the Association of chemical sellers to stop their members from selling such drugs which is contributing to bad health among the youthful population of the country,” he added.
He encouraged the public not to buy drugs from peddlers but rather visit the pharmacy for the right prescribed drugs.
GNA
Instagram made a big hire last week when it brought on board Ameet Ranadive, Twitter's former VP of revenue product. At Instagram, Ranadive is working as director of product overseeing the Wellbeing team, “which helps promote positive behavior on Instagram and protects the community from bad behavior and content,” he posted on Twitter on Friday.
As head of the Wellbeing team, Ranadive will be tasked with building products that foster better behavior within the Instagram community. Quick fun/sad fact is that Instagram was ranked as being the worst social media app for young people's mental health, according to a report from The Royal Society for Public Health and the Young Health Movement.
1/ I'm excited to share the news that I have decided to join the product leadership team at Instagram! — Ameet Ranadive (@ameet) December 8, 2017
Ranadive will be reporting to Kevin Weil, Twitter's former VP of product who joined Instagram last year. Ranadive first announced his plans to leave Twitter back in May, saying he'd be gone sometime in June. Ranadive joined Twitter in the first quarter of 2012 and oversaw 10x growth in advertising revenue from that point to Q1 2017.
Featured Image: Bloomberg/Getty Images
Sherron Grady has been promoted to operations manager with wealth management services firm Berman McAleer LLC.
Grady began her career in 1995 as a systems and billing manager for Integrated Health Services in Dallas. She returned to Baltimore as a financial analyst for the FBI and held the post of financial operations manager for Jason Pharmaceuticals/Medifast before joining Berman McAleer this year.
A graduate of Coppin State College, Grady holds a Bachelor of Science in management science with a concentration in accounting.
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. -- A Georgia man charged with violating North Carolina's sports agent law has agreed to testify against an NFL agent also charged in the case.
Patrick Mitchell Jones, 43, was charged in 2013 with athlete-agent inducement for providing $725 to former Tar Heels football player Robert Quinn. An indictment stated he provided the money through Quinn's former girlfriend to entice Quinn to sign with agent Terry Watson.
Jones appeared in court Monday in a deferred prosecution deal requiring him acknowledge is involvement and "testify truthfully" against Watson, according to a court document. That could lead to his charge's dismissal if he complies with all terms over 12 months.
Jones was one of five people facing charges in the case centered on improper benefits provided to three UNC football players in 2010.
He has worked as a real estate agent in Cartersville, Georgia, and was described in a search warrant as Watson's friend. He and his attorney, Sam Coleman, left the courthouse without comment. His deal also requires him to stay out of legal trouble, perform 48 hours of community service and not discuss the case with other defendants.
Three other defendants attended Monday's hearing with their attorneys, including Watson.
The law prohibits illegally luring collegiate athletes into contracts by providing them money, gifts or other items of value. It also seeks to regulate sports agent conduct by requiring them to register with the state. It has been enacted in at least 40 states along with the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands, though its structure and penalties can vary from state to state. In North Carolina, it is a low-level felony that would typically lead to probation for anyone who doesn't have a criminal record if they plead guilty or are convicted.
Jones' charge came after more than three years of investigation by the Secretary of State's office, which launched its probe in summer 2010 after the NCAA had opened an investigation into the Tar Heels football program. That case ultimately spawned the school's ongoing multi-year academic scandal, which has UNC currently facing five top-level NCAA charges that include lack of institutional control.
The improper benefits in the agents probe included cash and travel accommodations. They went to Quinn -- a Pro Bowl defensive end with the NFL's Los Angeles Rams -- along with eventual NFL players Marvin Austin and Greg Little.
According to a probable cause affidavit in a 2013 search warrant, Jones told an investigator in June 2012 he was Watson's longtime friend and said he sent packages containing cash to student-athletes at Watson's request. Jones would either pick up money Watson wired to him to send to an address provided by Watson or mail an already prepared package from Watson that the agent said contained cash, according to the affidavit.
Watson faces 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing nearly $24,000 in improper benefits to Austin, Little and Quinn, as well as another charge of felony obstruction of justice for not providing records sought by authorities.
Watson declined to comment when asked afterward by The Associated Press if he still works as an agent.
New Delhi
In utter manifestation of discrimination against occupied Jammu and Kashmir, all recommendations from the territory, four of them made by even Governor NN Vohra, didn't find a place in this year's Padma awards, one of the highest civilian honors of India announced annually on the eve of Republic Day. Padma awards will be conferred on March 20 and April 2.
Puppet administration of occupied Kashmir had recommended nine names, four of them by even Governor Vohra, and all of them were rejected by a high-level 10-member Selection Committee, constituted by the Indian government.
Majority of those who find place in the final list, prepared by the selection committee, either belong to upper caste or Hindu extremist organizations.
The 2018 Padma awards selection committee comprised people handpicked by Modi-led government like Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha, Home Secretary Rajiv Gauba, Additional Principal Secretary to the Prime Minister PK Mishra, and Rajya Sabha member Swapan Dasgupta.—KMS
CLAIM
A poster calling Trump a "pendejo" has been posted "all over" Puerto Rico.
UNPROVEN
RATING
UNPROVEN
ORIGIN
Resentment toward President Donald Trump's treatment of Latino communities resurfaced again when an image began circulating online of a poster purportedly “all over” Puerto Rico to coincide with the president's October 2017 visit there.
The image shows a white poster with Trump's face atop the word “PENDEJO” — a Spanish-language slang term for an idiot.
Some variations of the picture include the caption:
PUERTO RICO SALUTES TRUMP …
THESE ARE POSTED ALL OVER THE ISLAND …
The president received harsh criticism for his response to Hurricane Maria, which devastated the island in September 2017. Following his visit to Puerto Rico on 3 October 2017, during which he was seen throwing paper towels into a crowd of people, Carmen Yulín Cruz, mayor of the capital city of San Juan, said:
The terrible and abominable view of him throwing paper towels and throwing provisions of people, it does not embody the spirit of the American nation.
However, the “pendejo” photograph does not contain any information identifying it as having been taken in Puerto Rico. According to the Puerto Rican government, only 10 percent of Puerto Rican Electric Power Authority customers (PREPA) had electricity restored as of 6 October 2017, so it is unclear who could make and distribute a poster “all over” the territory. We are also skeptical that as Puerto Ricans face an uncertain future with a scarcity of food, water, electricity, and phone service, they have the resources and energy to launch an island-wide “pendejo” poster campaign.
If the image was taken on the island territory, and if there are indeed “pendejo” posters all over the island, it would not be surprising if they predate both the hurricane and Trump's visit. Snake Hawk Press, which is based out of San Antonio, Texas, has been selling the posters since at least September 2016 (and currently offers both a print and a t-shirt). The studio's owner, Cruz Ortiz, also created artwork for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign. T-shirt retailer Crazy Saguaro Tees also sells a shirt with the image.
Crazy Saguaro Tees told us that they did not create the image. We reached out to Snake Hawk Press seeking comment, but did not receive a response by press time.
Calling Trump a “pendejo” is not exactly a novel idea. Shortly after he announced his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination in June 2015, a Guatemala-based company, Ilegal Mezcal, circulated posters in various U.S. cities with a picture of Trump's head alongside the message:
DONALD ERES UN PENDEJO
FROM ILEGAL MEZCAL
This photograph was taken by a Snopes staff member in Washington, DC, in September 2016:
Ilegal Mezcal founder John Rexer said in 2015:
We're putting them up as long as Trump continues to be an ass. So probably we'll be doing it for a while.
After Trump pardoned former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio on 25 August 2017 from a conviction for racially profiling Latinos in defiance of a federal judge's order, former Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro responded to Trump's decision on Twitter saying:
Trump in one word tonight:
#pendejo
Trump campaigned for the presidency on the promise that he would build a “wall” between the United States and Mexico. While announcing his candidacy on 16 June 2015 he said:
CLAIM
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that " the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it."
false
RATING
false
ORIGIN
On 11 April 2017, the “America's Last Line of Defense” web site published an article positing that U.S. Supreme Court had just ruled that “the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it”:
The full panel of nine SCOTUS justices met yesterday to decide the fate of a case very near and dear to Barack Obama and the Democrats. The court ruled 5-4, with Justice Gorsuch casting the tie-breaker, that the only Islam taught to our children in public schools will be the history of Radical Islam and what they can do to help stop it. Judge Gorsuch, in his first opinion for the high court, wrote: ‘The government certainly has no business being involved in religion, but this isn't a government issue or a religious issue. This is about the Judicial branch interpreting the laws as they apply to the teaching of religion. We should be teaching any religions in this country besides standard Judeo-Christianity, as our founders wanted, and we certainly shouldn't be filling the children with lies about Islam being a “religion of peace” when they see the carnage on the news almost every day. It is our duty as Americans first and judges second to safeguard the way our children are indoctrinated.'
There was no truth to this story, which originated with the clickbait fake news site “America's Last Line of Defense” and was widely spread online by a network of shill sites.
Newly confirmed justice Neil M. Gorsuch's first day on the high court did not take place until 17 April 2017, a week after the “America's Last Line of Defense” article was published. On that first day, the court heard no cases involving the teaching of religion in public schools.
The Cubs and Nationals meet in the NLDS and their prolific offenses should make for an interesting series. (0:45)
WASHINGTON -- At a team dinner in Washington on Wednesday, Chicago Cubs reliever Brian Duensing couldn't remember who proposed the toast -- mostly because it wasn't that memorable. The Cubs were watching the National League wild-card game in a relaxed setting.
“It was no big deal,” Duensing said. “Next thing I know, everyone was raising their glass.”
The Cubs toasted to their upcoming journey in the 2017 playoffs, but there's little doubt nothing will top what they accomplished in 2016. No amount of pressure will compare to breaking the 108-year championship drought -- and that is something the Cubs are relying on this time around.
Could there be any greater irony than if the team that couldn't win one World Series in 108 years won two in two years?
“That would be something,” lefty Mike Montgomery said.
The Cubs looked like anything but defending champions in the first half of this season, but they had the best record in the National League in the second half. Now they enter their division series against the Washington Nationals with at least two other things going for them: They have experience and they are underdogs.
“Experience equals knowing,” manager Joe Maddon said. “I think that's important to understand. That's what good experience really is. I want us to be eager as opposed to anxious. I think semantics matter.”
The narrative for the Cubs heading into the postseason is pretty simple: Been there, done that. They don't have home-field advantage against the other two division winners -- like they did last season, when they dominated the competition from start to finish -- but it's not a big deal. Nothing is to this team.
“We have history here with this group in October,” first baseman Anthony Rizzo said. “Good history. Good feelings. Good vibes. We didn't let it affect us, but when you look back on it, the pressure was through the roof [last season]. Break a curse the way we did, the series we did it in. I don't see it being any easier, but I think we're built for it.”
All of this might be splitting hairs, but the Cubs find a distinction between pressure and attention. And they know that Cubs fans are everywhere.
“There's always focus and attention here, man,” Maddon said. “Just walking across the street from the parking lot indicated that. That hasn't changed.”
It's that attention that has them focused on a second straight championship -- something 17 National League teams have failed to achieve since 1976.
Game 2 starter Jon Lester has three rings but is nowhere near satisfied. And he's making sure his teammates aren't either.
“If you lose that hunger to win it, you may as well go home,” Lester stated bluntly. “If you don't think you should win, then you probably shouldn't be here.”
With the pressure of the Cubs' long World Series drought a thing of the past, Anthony Rizzo and the Cubs are keeping it loose entering the postseason. Brad Mills/USA Today Sports
The Cubs grudgingly accept being underdogs against the Nationals, but they don't really believe it. Or at the very least, they don't believe it means anything -- at least not to them. If the pressure gets to the Nationals because they are the perceived favorite, then so be it. The Cubs will keep it loose knowing they have their championship.
“I think winning last year helps,” Lester said. “We're not anxious. We've won, so you have that in your back pocket, so you're not putting as much pressure on yourself to go out and perform.”
Of course, that doesn't mean the Cubs can just roll out of bed and repeat as champions. They'll have to earn it all over again, but everyone in their clubhouse and front office agrees the feeling this time around is different -- and not necessarily in a bad way.
“I think our guys are excited to go play in the postseason,” president Theo Epstein said. “No anxiety. No nervousness in a negative way. It's just pure excitement. Once you've tasted success in the postseason, it makes you really eager to get back there and do it again. Our guys are raring to go.”
Epstein built such a deep team, his manager needed all week to devise an opening game lineup. Then again, the Nationals are deep as well, after midseason trades improved their bullpen. Perhaps it comes down to who is more desperate (that would be Washington) or who plays with less pressure on their backs (that would be Chicago).
Rookie Ian Happ is one of the few players who wasn't around last season, but by the look on his face before Thursday's workout, the playoffs aren't that big of a deal. Of course, he hasn't had an at-bat in them yet.
“It's just a continuation of the way we've approached the entire year,” Happ said. “Everything has been preparation for [Friday]. ... I'm not anxious. I'm excited. It should be a blast.”
Second-year man Albert Almora Jr. added, “We do a good job of keeping to ourselves and saying, ‘Hey, it's Game No. 163.' Just some extra games added on. We're not trying to blow it up. The routine stays the same.”
That was the prevailing sentiment at the team dinner on Wednesday, which was then repeated throughout the day Thursday afternoon. There's bound to be some butterflies come game time, but not the type that come with a franchise that hasn't won a championship in more than a century. Those demons were exorcised last fall.
“Experience is key,” Almora continued. “We've been here before. Just a different city.”
Right fielder Jason Heyward added, “It's huge because that's all you have is experience. When you need to lean back on something or rely on something, that goes a long way.”
Can the Cubs kick that door down again? The Nationals are good, but nothing the Cubs face will come close to last season's challenge. And having met that one, perhaps the daunting task of repeating isn't so far-fetched.
“That to me is harder than defending the World Series,” Lester said of last year's playoff run. “Going forward, we have nothing to lose. We're a really good team and should win the World Series again.”
You've heard the Bob Dylan classic “All Along The Watchtower.” You've heard Jimi Hendrix's iconic cover. Now, listen to Eddie Vedder's take on the song, as recorded live from New York City's Tribeca Grill on April 21.
That funky backing band? That's the Tangiers Blues Band, an NYC group that played at the Robert DeNiro-owned restaurant.
As for the song, “All Along The Watchtower” has been covered countless times over the years, and Vedder actually recorded his own version with The Million Dollar Bashers for the soundtrack to 2007's I'm Not There, the film that follows multiple actors portraying Dylan during different stages of his life.
Which version of “All Along The Watchtower” is your favorite?
The NFL schedule has not been released yet, but there are reports that Vikings could be getting a revenge game to open the 2018 season.
According to NBC Sports' Pro Football Talk, the Vikings will visit Philadelphia to take on the Eagles in the annual Thursday night opener in Philadelphia.
If this is the case, this will be a rematch of last year's NFC Championship game where the Eagles won 38-7. The game created a lot of buzz afterwards because of what happened off the field with fans.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):US Embassy's International Narcotics and Law Enforcement (INL) Section has provided nine Pakistani police organizations more than $23 million between June and September in protective gear.
The state-of-the-art, lightweight protective gear that includes 30,500 bulletproof vests and more than 27,000 ballistic helmets has been provided to protect police officers as they fight terrorism and crime, said a statement issued here.
The police agencies include all four provincial police departments; Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; Frontier Constabulary; Federally Administered Tribal Areas Levies; the National Highways and Motorway Police and the National Police Academy.
This assistance now brings the total number of protective gear assistance since 2009 to more than 53,000 bulletproof vests and almost 47,000 ballistic helmets.
INL Director Gregory Schiffer said that the Pakistani Police make sacrifices every day to carry out their duties and to keep their communities safe. “Both in the United States and Pakistan, we depend on our police to protect our people, and we will continue to stand together with the people of Pakistan in the fight against terrorism and the commitment to stability and justice in Pakistan”, he added.
Bulletproof vests and helmets are critical in improving police operational capacity and saving officers' lives as they respond to threats from heavily armed groups, including terrorists, militants, and narco-traffickers.
Across Pakistan, police officers are often targeted by criminal and terrorist groups. According to the National Police Bureau, more than 6,000 police have been killed in the line of duty in Pakistan in the last 15 years.
Sheffield Arena will remain Steelers' home for a minimum of five more years, it was announced today.
Both sides have entered into a new partnership taking them into 2023 - which should produce better facilities, including ice quality.
TICKETS: For Sheffield Steelers dates and tickets at Sheffield FlyDSA Arena - CLICK HERE.
The deal replaces previous short contracts and the parties says such a long term commitment will allow both "to build and grow the partnership."
A club spokesman said: "This is fantastic news on so many fronts for both the Steelers and SIV and will enable both parties to make investments to improve their business on a longer term footing and ultimately improve the game day experience both on and off the ice.
"In practical terms this partnership will mean :
*Improved dialogue and priority on fixtures and ice availability at both the Arena and iceSheffield;
*A commitment to improve the quality of the ice and address the issue of the aging ice plant within this new partnership term
*A joining of forces commercially in terms of hospitality and suites, the creation of a new merchandise store and Steelers fan specific food and drink initiatives
*Working together to market and promote the team
Steelers' owner Tony Smith says deal will see an incest in a new ice plant and merchandise store at Sheffield FlyDSA Arena
*The development of more community initiatives such as 'Skate with the Steelers' at iceSheffield and looking to bring major international hockey events to the city by building on the work started on the recent Continental Cup bid."
Dominic Stokes, Head of Entertainment and Events at SIV, said: “This marks the start of a new energy and enthusiasm by both parties to a relationship that has existed for the past 27 years.”
Steelers' owner Tony Smith said “We are delighted to conclude the negotiations with Dom and his team and look forward to working alongside him in providing the best hockey entertainment on the ice and the best facilities off it for both the players and our fans.
“In the past contracts have been short between both parties and maybe that has been down to the fragile ownership that came before my family took control seven years ago.
This is our home - where our dreams are made of, says Steelers' Marketing Manager David Simms
"We are now the longest ownership group in the club's history and coming with that long-term stability that we have bought is the confidence that the Arena and SIV have in us to deliver.
“In recent months we have already seen so much co-operation between both sides. This will continue and improve. The Arena is our home, it has been for 27 years and will continue to be for the foreseeable future.
“Dom has mentioned, SIV will invest in a new ice plant something that is needed if we are to continue to improve the product we put out throughout the season.
“As owners, we have never been afraid to invest in the Steelers whether that be in the team or on items such as the Video Tron that supporters enjoy so much and that has become such a big part of our match night.
“In the weeks and months ahead more great plans that we have will come to fruition and the supporters of our team and customers of the arena will see the benefits in this contract and the joint collaboration between both sides.
“This is a good deal for the Steelers, a good deal for the Arena and SIV but most of all a good deal for those who come and support us in this great building.”
Dominic Stokes, Head of Entertainment and Events at SIV, says: This marks the start of a new energy and enthusiasm by both parties."
© Hugh Gentry / Reuters
The US Navy is protesting what it called an "unsafe and unprofessional approach" by an Iranian drone of a US nuclear-powered aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf. It is the second incident involving the USS Nimitz and Iranian drones in a week.On Sunday, an Iranian unmanned aerial vehicle came close to the Nimitz in international waters of the Gulf."An Iranian QOM-1/Sadegh-1 conducted an unsafe and unprofessional approach of USS Nimitz," Lieutenant Ian McConnaughey, spokesman for US Naval Forces Central Command (NAVCENT), said in a statement."The failure of the Iranian UAV to utilize standard, internationally-mandated navigation lights during a night time approach of a U.S. aircraft carrier engaged in flight operations created a dangerous situation with the potential for collision and is not in keeping with international maritime customs and laws."On August 8, the same type of drone came within 100 feet (31 meters) vertically and 200 feet (62 meters) laterally of a F/A-18E Super Hornet while it was on the landing approach to the Nimitz, forcing the pilot to change course. Unnamed Pentagon officials accused Iran of acting in an "unsafe and unprofessional" manner.
Christmas has got all spiced up at award-winning Leeds restaurant Bundobust where diners are being invited to tuck into sprout bhajis.
A special festive curry has also been added to the seasonal menu at the venue which specialises in craft beer and Indian street food restaurant at 6 Mill Hill, Leeds LS1 5DQ.
Not your typical Indian restaurant, it doesn't usual serve up curries and all their dishes are fresh and simple, with a modern take on traditional Indian food.
it has a stellar reputation for small plates and a discerning beer list.
Serving a variety of cask ales and rotational keg lines it also offers a roster of exciting craft beers from both local and international breweries.
Bradford's craft beer bar The Sparrow and Indian restaurant Prashad united to launch the business.
Sprout bhajis on the Christmas menu at Bundobust in Leeds
After a host of pop-ups and kitchen takeovers, Bundobust found bricks and mortar in July 2014 on one side of the then derelict Mill Hill.
Bundobust is a three times winner at the Yorkshire Evening Post's prestigious Oliver Awards, which annually crowns the best dining and food experiences in Leeds.
The venue has been recommended in the 2017 Michelin Guide, featured in Time Out's top 10 UK Indian Restaurants and been included in The Sunday Times' Top 25 Vegetarian Restaurants, amongst plenty of other accolades.
Its Merry Desi Christmas includes a set menu, available throughout December, for bookings of six or more at £15 per person.
Discerning beers on tap
Sprout bhajis, festive curry and chestnut and orange peel ice cream is on the specials board for smaller groups and those who don't want to indulge in the set menu.
The menu features a starter, or Grazing as it likes to call, described as food tom share with Okra fries, spicy nuts, popcorn and pops, plus far far.
Main course, or Much, includes one per person of sprout bhajis, bunda chaat and festive curry.
Dessert, which is a £3.50 supplement, is chestnut and orange peel ice cream.
Bundobust has a stellar reputation for small plates
Advanced bookings are required for six people or more. Reservations can be made in person, call 0113 243 1248 or via email at leeds@bundobust.com
Links:
Offifial web site: bundobust.com/leeds
Twitter: @Bundobust
Facebook: www.facebook.com/bundobust
Instagram: bundobust.com/leeds
The ship that is the South Korean men's national football team has now been left without its navigator, and the onus will fall as much on the players as on the new boss to make sure it doesn't sink further.
Uli Stielike was fired Thursday as the men's bench boss, a decision reached by the Korea Football Association barely two days after the country's 3-2 loss to Qatar in a World Cup qualifier.
South Korean players react to a third goal by Qatar in a 3-2 loss in the teams' World Cup qualifying match at Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium in Doha on June 13, 2017. (Yonhap)
South Korea remained stuck at 13 points with four wins, a draw and three losses to stay in second place in Group A. They're barely holding on to the final automatic qualification spot, with Uzbekistan only one point back.Iran have already secured their spot with 20 points. The top two teams from Groups A and B will advance directly to the 2018 World Cup in Russia. Two third-place teams must go through a playoff for their final chance.South Korea, chasing their ninth consecutive World Cup appearance, will host Iran on Aug. 31 and face Uzbekistan in Tashkent on Sept. 5 to close out the qualifying stage.And those two matches will be played with a new face on the bench. A few names have been bandied about, including former national team boss Huh Jung-moo, and whoever steps in will be in a difficult position of trying to rally and motivate a group of discouraged and disgruntled players.In terms of recent performances, South Korea have been dismal at both ends. Look no further than the Qatar match, where shoddy coverage and defensive zone turnovers led to all three goals. South Korea did score twice, their highest output in an away match during the current qualifying round but lacked the delicate touch around the net to convert more chances.Stielike and the players were busy passing the buck to one another. The former coach at times threw his players under the bus in the media. When pressed about his tactics once, he responded by criticizing the players for their failure to execute plays.Stielike also said he wished he had a striker like Qatari forward Sebastian Soria.Players in turn have openly questioned Stielike's choice of formations. One, captain Ki Sung-yueng, then directed the blame toward the media, saying their negative coverage of the team put an undue amount of pressure on the players, and it affected their performance on the pitch.Whether Ki's argument is sound is beside the point. This is clearly a team in disarray, and the new coach, on top of trying to establish his system, must be able to push the right buttons with the players and get them motivated again.Ki did say the players have to do their part, and he's right about at least that point."We all want to play well, but we can't get it done on willpower alone," Ki said Wednesday after returning from Qatar. "I hope the next two matches will give us an opportunity to look at ourselves in the mirror and realize just how hard we have to work."Determination or not, South Korea face a tough schedule. South Korea haven't beaten Iran since January 2011 and have lost each of the past four meetings by the scores of 1-0. South Korea have 10 wins, three draws and one loss against Uzbekistan, the lone loss coming way back in 1994. But unless South Korea can turn things around, their recent showing points to a challenging contest on the road.South Korea are winless away from home in this stage, with a loss and three draws. (Yonhap)
Chicago Bears general manager Ryan Pace said on Tuesday that input from Chicago's team physicians and training staff weighed heavily in the organization's decision to decline to match the offer sheet that wide receiver Cameron Meredith received from the New Orleans Saints.
Speaking publicly for the first time since Meredith left the Bears, Pace hinted that the wide receiver's serious knee injury, suffered last preseason, was the overriding factor in Chicago's letting him go.
Meredith, 25, led the Bears with 66 receptions, 888 receiving yards and four touchdowns in 2016. He missed the entire 2017 season after he tore knee ligaments in Chicago's third preseason game at Tennessee last summer.
"Without getting into specifics, obviously he was coming off an injury," Pace told reporters at his annual pre-draft news conference. "We lean on our training staff and our docs. Hey, I got a lot of respect for Cam and a lot of respect for the organization he went to. We wish him luck."
The Saints -- Pace's former team -- felt comfortable enough with Meredith's medical information to offer him a two-year deal that included $5.350 million. The Bears, however, tendered Meredith at the lowest possible level ($1.9 million), and therefore received no compensation in return when he joined New Orleans.
"Every organization's different," Pace said. "Every organization comes to different assessments [when it comes to the medicals]."
Cameron Meredith missed the entire 2017 season after suffering a serious knee injury in a Bears preseason game against the Titans. Photo by Frederick Breedon/Getty Images
The Bears attempted to offset Meredith's loss by aggressively targeting wide receivers Allen Robinson -- coming off a torn ACL -- and Taylor Gabriel in free agency. The Bears also added pass-catching tight end Trey Burton, who will play a much larger role in Chicago's offense than he did in Philadelphia.
But the great unknown on the Bears' wide receiver depth chart is Kevin White, the seventh overall pick of the 2015 NFL draft.
New Bears coach Matt Nagy praised White during last week's voluntary veteran minicamp, but Pace declined to say whether the team plans to pick up White's fifth-year option. White's nearly $2.7 million base salary for 2018 is fully guaranteed, but exercising his fifth-year option would be a major upset.
White has played in only five regular-season games since the Bears drafted him.
The former West Virginia star was placed on injured reserve after last year's regular-season opener with a fractured shoulder blade. White missed his entire rookie year because of a stress fracture in his left shin that required surgery to stabilize. In 2016, White had a fractured fibula develop in the same leg that prematurely ended his year after Week 4.
"We're not at that deadline yet," Pace said. "I know it's approaching. Right now it's all focused on the draft. Then once the draft's over, we'll meet with him and his agent and make that decision."
The Bears are also expected to take a hard look at wide receivers in the upcoming draft. They are unlikely to use the eighth overall choice on a receiver but could address the position in the second round (No. 39) and fourth round (Nos. 105, 115).
ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. has the Bears taking Memphis wide receiver Anthony Miller in the second round in his latest mock.
"Matt [Nagy] has looked at almost every receiver in the draft," Pace said. "So he has a good feel for, 'Hey, here's how this guy fits,' and hearing that from the head coach, from the playcaller is valuable for me."
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
TORONTO — A Donald Trump supporter had every right to brandish a profane protest sign in a busy public park on a summer's day at Niagara Falls, Ontario's top court ruled on Monday.
In quashing a trespass notice issued to Fredrick Bracken, the Court of Appeal said the ability to protest publicly — even using vulgar language — is an essential part of the democratic process.
"In a free society, individuals are permitted to use open public spaces to address the people assembled there, to challenge each other, and to call government to account," the Appeal Court said. "The idea that the parks are somehow different — that they are categorically a 'safe space' where people are to be protected from exposure to political messages — is antithetical to a free and democratic society and would set a dangerous precedent."
At the same time, the court upheld the constitutionality of a rule barring park users from abusive behaviour that could interfere with the enjoyment of other users. The provision, the court found, was a reasonable restriction on free speech.
The case arose in August 2016 in the run-up to the presidential election in the United States. Bracken, of Fort Erie, Ont., was in a park near the falls holding up a sign reading: "Trump is right. F--k China. F--k Mexico."
Niagara Parks police decided the sign was offensive and disturbing visitors. Officers told Bracken he could not display the sign and told him to leave.
A couple of days later, Bracken went to the Parks police headquarters, where he was told that if he returned to the park with the sign, he would be removed under trespassing laws.
He turned to the courts, seeking a declaration that parks rules prohibiting "abusive or insulting language" that interferes with other park users was unconstitutional, and that the oral trespass notice police gave him had violated his free speech rights.
In September 2016, Superior Court Justice James Ramsay ruled that constitutionally guaranteed freedom of expression does not apply to shouting insulting or abusive language in parks. However, Ramsay declined to rule on the validity of the oral trespass notice because he was not satisfied police had actually issued such a notice.
Bracken turned to the Court of Appeal, which decided Ramsay was mistaken to conclude that park rules did not infringe on free speech. The judge was also wrong in deciding police had not issued a trespass notice so there was nothing to quash, the Appeal Court found.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A construction worker is alleged to have made lewd sexist comments at a woman while she walked past a Gloucester building site.
An investigation is underway to determine what happened at the Blackfriars site last Thursday after a worker allegedly made provocative comments and gestures as a woman walked past.
Vinci Construction UK are building hundreds of student flats at Blackfriars for developer CityHeart on behalf of the University of Gloucestershire ahead of their new arrivals in September.
One woman went on to social media to report what she heard and claimed it was a worker at the Vinci Construction UK building site who was abusive.
She claimed the worker made the provocative comment and gesture before shouting “what's the time love? BEDTIME.”
It is not known if the woman who reported the comment is the victim.
She denounced the incident as “absolutely disgusting”.
Both Vinci Construction UK and CityHeart have said they are taking the matter “very seriously” and said they do not “tolerate any form of sexism”.
They have both launched an investigation to determine what happened and would take “appropriate action”.
A spokesman for Vinci Construction UK said: “VINCI Construction UK are investigating a matter which took place last week near one of our sites.
“We understand a passer-by was verbally abused. This is unacceptable and we do not tolerate any form of sexism.
“We take this report very seriously and will be undertaking an investigation immediately with appropriate action. We apologise to anyone involved.”
A spokesman for Cityheart said: “Cityheart are investigating this matter with their appointed main contractor Vinci Construction UK.
“Should the allegation prove to be true, we would expect Vinci to take the appropriate disciplinary action with the individuals concerned.
“Cityheart does not tolerate or accept any form of sexism in the work place.”
The first episode of Von Miller's new show, “Von Miller's Studio 58,” aired on Facebook on Wednesday evening. If you missed it live, you watch the full episode below:
Like the show's Facebook page to watch more episodes as they arrive.
Related Von Miller says Broncos need to sign Kirk Cousins
BEIJING Jul 4 (APP):China on Wednesday said it believed that agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue was an important achievement and played an important role in safeguarding international nuclear non-proliferation regime and maintaining peace and stability in the Middle East.
A spokesperson of the Chinese foreign ministry Lu Kang remarked during his regular briefing prior to the departure of Chinese foreign minister WangYi to Vienna to attend Iranian Nuclear Issue Foreign Ministers' Meeting to be held on July 6.
He said China has always believed that the comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue is an important achievement of multilateralism and plays an important role in safeguarding the international nuclear non-proliferation regime and maintaining peace and stability in the Middle East, in line with the common interests of the international community.
Lu Kang said the presence of Foreign Minister Wang Yi showed the clear position of China to maintain the Iranian nuclear agreement.
“We hope that this meeting will send a clear signal of solidarity and unite the confidence and support of the international community,” he added.
The spokesperson said that China is willing to communicate closely with all parties involved to jointly promote the success of the Foreign Ministers' meeting.
On July 6, the European Union's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy will convene the Iranian Nuclear Issue Foreign Ministers' Meeting in Vienna, Austria.
The foreign ministers of France, Germany, Russia, Iran, China and British Foreign Secretary will attend the meeting.
This meeting will be the first foreign ministers' meeting held by the existing participants of the comprehensive agreement on the Iranian nuclear issue under the new situation.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS — A man driving a stolen dump truck from Washington County led police on a chase that wound through Illinois and back into downtown St. Louis.
The crime spree began in Washington County, Missouri. According to the Washington County sheriff, his office got a call around 5:30 a.m. from a foreman at a work yard in Potosi. He reported that when his crew showed up to work, they noticed a dump truck and trailer along with tools, chainsaw,s and other equipment had been stolen.
Fortunately, the truck was a rental and equipped with GPS, so they were able to locate the stolen truck.
The Washington County Sheriff's Office alerted other law enforcement agencies that the truck was on the move and headed towards the St. Louis area.
At some point, the truck made it to Jefferson County and the driver ditched the trailer in Imperial. It was also equipped with GPS and later located by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office.
The suspect then drove the truck northbound on Interstate 55, then onto I-255 and across the Jefferson Barracks Bridge. Bommarito Automotive Skyfox caught up to the truck as it was headed northbound on I-255.
The truck exited onto Route 15 into East St. Louis where it could be seen traveling in the wrong direction before heading onto the Eads Bridge.
Back in Missouri, the driver traveled south on I-55 into Soulard and turned down an alley near Pestalozzi Street and S. 13th St. where the driver ran into a dumpster. The suspect then abandoned the truck in the alley.
At one point, it appeared the suspect went into a house and came out wearing a black jacket.
He can then be seen casually walking through the neighborhood and right past a police car. The officer began to follow the suspect who then ran from the area.
The suspect, on foot, made his way onto I-55 and ran in front of a St. Louis City Forestry Division truck and jumped onto the side of the moving vehicle.
“Once he jumped in the truck he said, ‘Drive. I'm in trouble,'" said Bruce Norman, who also works for the Forestry Division and was driving the truck behind the truck the suspect jumped on. "And when he said ‘Drive. I'm in trouble,' or whatever that's when (Norman's colleague) saw all the police behind him, and he pulled over. Before he could stop the truck, the guy had jumped out of the truck while the truck was going and jumped over the wall."
After climbing over the barrier wall, the suspect appears like he is trying to carjack a white SUV at Cherokee St. and S. 2nd St. He can be seen getting in the passenger seat moments before police surround the vehicle and take the suspect into custody.
Police have not yet identified the suspect or said what charges he may be facing.
Raw video of the police chase:
Lahore
Pak-China joint Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCJCCI) President Mr Wang Zihai has said involvement of technology leaders, was a must for Pakistan to produce research-backed products in market, for which Chinese model of indulging academics and technocrats in production facilities should be espoused in Pakistan to create more competitive products.
According to PCJCCI spokesperson here Sunday, Mr Wang expressed these views in a meeting with five-member Chinese delegation from Jinan technology University China.
The delegation was spearheaded by Mr Zhang Shoufeng while other members included Mr Zhang Xiuhong, Ms Xiao Jing, Mr Zhang Min and Mr Wang Li. Very proactive suggestions and proposals were shared during the meeting in which both parties professed international cooperation as a fundamental component for learning globally recognized best practices.
Mr Wang Li informed the delegation that from the platform of PCJCCI, they were contemplating to enter into partnerships with international technology leaders for providing opportunities to young scholars to generate fresh innovative startups. In this regard China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) would help achieve Pakistan's knowledge economy goals, additionally, Pakistan's image internationally has to be improved so that more international partners were ready to visit and invest in Pakistan, he maintained.
PCJCCI President also informed them about the plans to form specialized science and technology parks that were much needed for waning the digital divide between China and Pakistan. He suggested that such parks could be formed in Pakistan with the cooperation of Chinese technology universities and innovative technology leaders.
The head of the delegation Mr Zhang Shoufeng highly appreciated the idea shared by Mr Wang Li, and said that the purpose of their visit was also to extend bilateral relations with Pakistan beyond manufacturing to the knowledge sharing.
He suggested that to achieve the desired goals in innovation and technology, the Pakistani government must focus on improving the quality of research being conducted in the existing universities by providing them higher resources and expanding their ambit.
It was observed that the number of PhDs in Pakistan had risen from 300 in 1998 to about 7000 today, but still, knowledge platform and production platform was not synergized. It was jointly agreed that efforts should be made to outline strategic goals where fresh graduates and researchers could also contribute in value addition of the commodities being produced in Pakistan.—APP
Jack Wilshere makes comeback from leg fracture for Arsenal Under-23s
Four months after suffering a broken leg, Jack Wilshere made an appearance for the Arsenal Under-23 side on Monday.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 03:39 IST
Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere
Jack Wilshere made his first appearance since recovering from a fractured leg on Monday, managing over an hour for the Arsenal Under-23 side.
The 25-year-old, who suffered his latest injury while on loan at Bournemouth last season, played for 74 minutes as the Gunners came from two goals down to win 3-2 against Derby County U-23s.
It marked the first time in almost a year since Wilshere played a match in an Arsenal shirt, with his last outing coming in the 3-1 Premier League win over Watford on August 27.
The England international's future remains the subject of speculation as he has entered the final year of his contract at the Emirates Stadium.
Manager Arsene Wenger said last week that Wilshere's plans for the coming season had not been finalised.
"That decision is not completely made," he said. "I want him to have a chance to play somewhere as well. We have to decide that a bit later.
"I wanted first him to come back, he is coming out of a fracture. It is the first week he is back in full training and we have to sit down together and see where we go from there."
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — Clergy in robes. A woman handing out flowers. Black Lives Matter activists. Armed militia members. Students. Angry anti-fascist protesters.
The diverse group of people who came to oppose a weekend gathering of white nationalists in this Virginia college town seemed to outnumber the rally-goers. The counter-protesting groups didn't organize collectively. Instead, it was a largely organic effort among groups who shared the same mission: showing that hate wasn't welcome.
“They just wanted to come out and say no. They wanted to come out and show a robust love for community and what America is meant to stand for,” said Lisa Woolfork, a University of Virginia professor and 17-year Charlottesville resident. “And I find that very heartening, very encouraging.”
Related: Peaceful rallies to protest hate continue in Connecticut following Charlottesville
Officials have not provided a crowd estimate, but there appeared to be at least 500 people supporting the rally sparked by Charlottesville's decision to remove a Confederate monument. At least twice as many appeared to be there to oppose them.
The violence between the groups erupted well before the event was supposed to start.
Neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members other white supremacists made their way to the park at the same time as counter-protesters, and the two sides clashed. People threw punches, screamed, set off smoke bombs, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays. Some came prepared for a fight, with body armor and helmets. Others darted around, trying to avoid the chaos.
“I've never seen that kind of hatred up front. It was pretty raw, pretty coarse,” scholar and activist Cornel West, one of the most high-profile counter-protesters, told The Associated Press in an interview Sunday.
There were pockets of peaceful resistance, too. One woman quietly handed out flowers. A group stood in a circle, hands uplifted, singing hymns. One man toted a tuba.
Volunteer medics bobbed in and out of the fray, helping people who had been sprayed with chemicals, and others passed out water and snacks.
Walt Heinecke, another University of Virginia professor, obtained city permits for events in two nearby parks, and counter-protesters used the sites as a place of respite.
Heinecke said he was surprised to see members of an armed leftist group who stationed themselves nearby, providing protection for people there.
Meanwhile, many of the rally attendees stood behind barriers officials had put up, waiting for the event to get underway. But the speakers never got the chance.
Related: Several vigils take place in Connecticut after violent rally
As the chaos grew, authorities declared it an unlawful assembly and forced the crowd to disperse. The rally leaders, including organizer Jason Kessler — a local right-wing blogger and activist — urged supporters to go home.
Kessler blamed the violence on police, saying they didn't do enough to maintain order and protect his group's right to free speech.
About two hours later, pockets of counter-protesters who had been marching through town converged on a downtown street. Hundreds were streaming along, cheering, and waving flags.
“There was a real feeling like we had driven them out of the town,” said Ross Mittiga, a UVA researcher who recently ran an unsuccessful campaign for the state House of Delegates.
That was quickly shattered when a car plowed into the crowd, hurling people into the air. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and 19 others were injured. Just hours later, a state police helicopter that had been deployed as part of the response crashed in a field outside of town, killing two.
Related: Suspect in deadly Virginia car ramming due in court
In blog posts after the violence, the Daily Stormer, a leading white nationalist website that promoted the Charlottesville event, pledged to hold more events “soon.”
Opponents said they'd be ready.
“We have got to keep fighting, keep the love in it, keep sacrificing for justice,” West said. “We have no choice at this point.”
___
Associated Press reporter Josh Replogle contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FRANKFORT, Ky. (Feb. 13, 2017) — Kentucky needs more funding to combat the spread of invasive Asian carp in the state's waterways.
To help fund this need, members of the Kentucky Fish and Wildlife Commission's Administration, Education and Policy Committee have recommended that the full commission consider increasing Kentucky boat registration fees at its March 17 meeting. The recommendation does not include fees on paddlecraft such as canoes or kayaks.
Committee members say the increase is necessary to blunt Kentucky's population explosion of Asian carp. These invasive carp, which threaten native sport fish species and present a safety hazard to recreational boaters, endanger the $1.2 billion fishing and recreational boating industry in western Kentucky.
Kentucky is now home to three types of Asian carp: silver carp, big head carp and now black carp. Silver and big head carp numbers have exploded along most of the Ohio River and its tributaries. They are prevalent in Kentucky and Barkley lakes.
A typical silver carp weighs from five to 30 pounds. Big heads can weigh more than 100 pounds, but 50-80 pounds is more common.
Asian carp school by the thousands and can fill the air with jumping fish when a boat motor startles them. “The surface of the water around and in front of a moving boat can suddenly erupt with thousands of jumping fish,” said Fisheries Division Director Ron Brooks, a nationally recognized authority on this invasive species. “The damage to boats and injuries to boaters caused by high speed collisions with these fish are increasing each year.”
Safety problems caused by Asian carp are growing. The department already receives reports of water skiers and tubers being struck by jumping fish while skimming behind a boat going 30 mph. On some Kentucky waterways, it is becoming a likely and dangerous occurrence.
Controlling Asian carp is a challenge for states drained by the Mississippi River and its various tributaries.
“Asian carp are extremely prolific breeders and have been competing with our native fisheries for quite some time,” said Kentucky Fish and Wildlife Commissioner Gregory Johnson. “Each female fish can produce up to a million eggs and spawn multiple times each year. Their numbers have reached the point now where they even threaten the safety of our boaters.”
Recreational boaters threatened by the presence of Asian carp may be asked to help fund the effort to take on this menace.
Kentucky annually registers more than 170,000 motorized vessels. Boater registration fees pay for new boat ramps, maintenance of 165 aging ramps and provides for boating safety and enforcement.
Kentucky has not raised its boat registration fees in 15 years. In evaluating the state's pricing structure, committee members noted that registering a boat in Kentucky costs far less on average than the surrounding states. Proposed new rates would continue to keep Kentucky's registration fees lower than neighboring states.
Controlling the fishes' numbers and territorial expansions are forcing the department to seek additional resources. Department officials identified a shortfall of about $1.8 million needed for Asian carp control, engineering programs that build and maintain boat launch ramps for boater access, boater safety and enforcement.
The recommendations include increasing registration pricing for boats under 16 feet in length from $19 to $24 (neighboring state average is $22.50); boats 16-26 feet from $23 to $38 (Neighbor average is $40); boats 26-40 feet from $29 to $50 (neighbor average is $72); and boats longer than 40 feet from $33 to $60 (neighbor average is $96). Inboards would increase from $34 to $47 and boats powered only by trolling motors from $9 to $14.
A new – and theoretical – system for blockchain -based data storage could ensure that hackers will not be able to crack cryptocurrencies once we all enter the quantum era. The idea, proposed by researchers at the Victoria University of Wellington in New Zealand, would secure our crypto futures for decades to coming using a blockchain technology that is like a time machine.
You can check out their findings here.
To understand what's going on here we have to define some terms. A blockchain stores every transaction in a system on what amounts to an immutable record of events. The work necessary for maintaining and confirming this immutable record is what is commonly known as mining . But this technology – which the paper's co-author Del Rajan claims will make up “10 percent of global GDP… by 2027” – will become insecure in an era of quantum computers.
Therefore the solution is to store a blockchain in a quantum era requires a quantum blockchain using a series of entangled photons. Further, Spectrum writes: “Essentially, current records in a quantum blockchain are not merely linked to a record of the past, but rather a record in the past, one does that not exist anymore.”
Yeah, it's weird.
From the paper intro:
Our method involves encoding the blockchain into a temporal GHZ (Greenberger–Horne–Zeilinger) state of photons that do not simultaneously coexist. It is shown that the entanglement in time, as opposed to an entanglement in space, provides the crucial quantum advantage. All the subcomponents of this system have already been shown to be experimentally realized. Perhaps more shockingly, our encoding procedure can be interpreted as non-classically influencing the past; hence this decentralized quantum blockchain can be viewed as a quantum networked time machine.
In short the quantum blockchain is immutable because the photons that it contains do not exist in the current time but are still extant and readable. This means you can see the entire blockchain but you cannot “touch” it and the only entry you would be able to try to tamper with is the most recent one. In fact, the researchers write, “In this spatial entanglement case, if an attacker tries to tamper with any photon, the full blockchain would be invalidated immediately.”
Is this really possible? The researchers note that the technology already exists.
“Our novel methodology encodes a blockchain into these temporally entangled states, which can then be integrated into a quantum network for further useful operations. We will also show that entanglement in time, as opposed to entanglement in space, plays the pivotal role for the quantum benefit over a classical blockchain,” the authors write. “As discussed below, all the subsystems of this design have already been shown to be experimentally realized. Furthermore, if such a quantum blockchain were to be constructed, we will show that it could be viewed as a quantum networked time machine.”
Don't worry about having to update your Bitcoin wallet, though. This process is still very theoretical and not at all available to mere mortals. That said, it's nice to know someone is looking out for our quantum future, however weird it may be.
WILMINGTON — All the world's major faiths and traditions share a central belief in The Golden Rule, which essentially states that we should treat others as we wish to be treated.
The Meriam R. Hare Quaker Heritage Center at Wilmington College is presenting the exhibit, “Quilting The Golden Rule,” this summer featuring 17 intricately woven quilts representing The Golden Rule or Law of Reciprocity as taught by the major world faiths and humanist philosophies.
The opening reception will be June 14, from 6 to 7:30 p.m., with summer gallery hours planned Monday through Thursday, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., and by special appointment arranged through the QHC Director Dr. Tanya Maus.
Normal gallery hours, Monday through Friday, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., will go into effect Aug. 13.
Textile artist Janet Bear McTavish created the quilts, which are on-loan from the Dayton International Peace Museum. The series of 17 quilts will be displayed in a walk-through format in the QHC Gallery.
In addition to representing The Golden Rule as defined by such major world faiths as Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam and Buddhism, quilts also portray it as represented in such traditions as Humanism, Native American, Wicca/Neo Wicca, Baha'i, Unitarian Universalist, Sikh, Yoruba IFA, Confucianism, Shinto, Taoism, Jainism and Zoroastrianism.
The exhibit also features several peaceful images on quilts: “Peace Waterfall,” “Peace Garden,” Watching” and “Angel of Peace” that complement the artist's inspiration for the exhibit.
Each of the quilts is accompanied by text explaining how the faiths and traditions interpret The Golden Rule, along with basic history and tenets of the respective religions and traditions.
McTavish said the idea for the “Peace Labyrinth” came from a dream she had in the wake of the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, when she became concerned about Americans' increasing fear of those holding religious beliefs out of the mainstream in America.
She recalled walking through a labyrinth passing cubicles representing all the world's major faiths and religions, each of which shared their version of The Golden Rule.
“In my dream, I also carried a rock with me that represented all the negativity and uneasiness people feel when confronted by new ideas, different perspectives and cultures that are unfamiliar,” McTavish said, noting that she came to a peaceful waterfall where she was “encouraged to leave my rock and my own discomfort behind, and to find peace.”
Upon awakening from her dream, McTavish realized she needed to share her revelation with others.
The resulting exhibit, “Quilting The Golden Rule,” takes viewers from the earliest of humankind's struggles to understand their environment through history to the present time. Completed in 2012, the exhibit has been viewed by thousands of persons.
Maraya Wahl, left, and April Neff, summer interns at the Quaker Heritage Center, look through several of the colorful quilts before hanging the exhibit. http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/05/web1_qhc-interns.jpeg Maraya Wahl, left, and April Neff, summer interns at the Quaker Heritage Center, look through several of the colorful quilts before hanging the exhibit. Courtesy photo
AMHERST -- Twice on Saturday, University of Massachusetts men's basketball's game against Dayton -- an 86-82 victory in double-overtime -- came down to inches, and both times, the Minutemen got the benefit.
The first came in regulation. After a careless 10-second violation by the Minutemen with the game tied, Flyers guard Jalen Crutcher drove to the basket, spun and pump-faked, sending two UMass defenders flying. His shot came up just short, falling off the front rim and sending the game to overtime.
The second was even more dramatic -- with the shot clock winding down and a minute remaining in the second overtime, Luwane Pipkins took a pass deep behind the 3-point line and fired up a desperation 3-pointer that banked in. The officials took several minutes to check the tape and ruled that it should count.
LUWANE PIPKINS!!!
With the shot clock hitting zero after the scramble!
UMass 84, Dayton 81 - 2nd OT pic.twitter.com/d1v8977Nzo -- UMass Basketball (@UMassBasketball) February 3, 2018
Pipkins aren't surprised.
"I knew it was good," Pipkins said. "The shot clock didn't go off till the ball was out of my hands. I don't know why they went to the TV it check it out. Waste of time."
UMass coach Matt McCall wasn't as confident.
"It was a bang-bang play," McCall said. "I'm sure it was close. Whether he got it off or didn't get it off, we've been in enough situations where things didn't bounce our way, and those tight calls and type of situations, that's the game of basketball."
That 3-pointer put the Minutemen up two. After the Minutemen got a stop on the other end, UMass guard Unique McLean drove to the middle of the paint and rose for a pull-up jumper. He nailed it with 12 seconds remaining, more or less icing the game for UMass.
"That's the shot that was open for me," McLean said. "I just took it. There really wasn't any thinking to it, just motion."
That was the second enormous play of the game for McLean. The first: An alley-oop off an out-of-bounds play from C.J. Anderson in the first overtime with 40 seconds that gave UMass a two-point lead. The Flyers ended up tying the game again on free throws by Josh Cunningham that forced a second overtime.
OH MY UNIQUE!
High flyin' off the inbounds pass! UMass 77, Dayton 76
23.9 left in OT pic.twitter.com/UaIhYmzpvn -- UMass Basketball (@UMassBasketball) February 3, 2018
"I missed a dunk in the first half," McLean said. "I was just trying to put it down."
McCall said the Minutemen were "teetering" on multiple occasions during the overtime period, a phrase which seemed to extend to the rest of the game as well. After a nice first-half from Pipkins -- during which he scored 16 of his 28 points -- the Minutemen went up by as many as 10 in the second on a 3-pointer by Carl Pierre and a break-away dunk by C.J. Anderson.
But Dayton roared back, putting together a 17-3 run and taking the lead with 11 minutes left on a layup by Darrell Davis. The Flyers seemed to have control, and they led by as many as four after a triple by Jalen Crutcher with 6:55 left.
But Pipkins answered Crutcher's 3-pointer with one of his own, and both teams traded leads multiple times as the clock wound down. UMass appeared to have a chance to take a final shot when McLean pulled down a rebound with 36 seconds left, but the Minutemen dribbled too long in the backcourt, giving Crutcher a chance for heroics.
"Our guys really battled in the second half," Dayton coach Anthony Grant said. "I thought the effort we gave was what we strive for, and what we need to see on a consistent basis as we move forward. Obviously, this loss hurts when you put as much as our guys put into it. I hurt for them. We have to pick ourselves up and get ready for the next one Wednesday."
UMass had an opportunity to win on a buzzer beater in the first overtime as well, but Pipkins' 3-pointer missed everything.
The Minutemen got 28 points from Pipkins on 11-for-27 shooting, including 6-for-13 behind the arc. Anderson posted 17 points, seven rebounds and seven assists. McLean notched seven points and 11 rebounds.
Cunningham lead Dayton with 27 points on 10-for-13 shooting. Trey Landers added 22 points on 11-for-14 shooting.
After UMass' loss to Rhode Island on Wednesday, Pipkins said the Minutemen needed more contributions from the rest of the team. Four UMass players scored double-digits on Saturday.
"It's a team game," Pipkins said. "It can't be five guys and one player. That's just not going to happen. But when everybody's rolling, I think we're a hard team to beat."
UMass improved to 11-13 and 4-7 in the A-10. Dayton fell to 10-12 and 4-6 in the A-10.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
On April 5, the Pennsylvania House of Representatives passed HB 741, legislation that would restore mandatory minimum sentences for certain crimes in Pennsylvania. Mandatory minimum sentences have been unenforceable in Pennsylvania since a 2015 state Supreme Court decision determined such sentencing structures were unconstitutional, and returned sentencing power to judges using guidelines established by law.
Whereas mandatory minimum sentencing laws are the result of good intentions, and while it is worth noting that this debate takes place in the context of a nationwide opioid epidemic that has claimed 300,000 lives in the past 15 years, it also is important to understand that good intentions do not necessarily translate into good public policy. Here, there are several reasons to be concerned about the collateral impact of mandatory minimum sentencing, and much evidence to suggest they do not achieve the results their supporters seek to accomplish.
■ First, there is no research, evidence or data to suggest that mandatory minimums improve public safety. On the contrary, a 2009 report by the Pennsylvania Commission on Sentencing plainly concludes that mandatory minimum sentences do not reduce crime or recidivism. The report further determined that mandatory minimums did not serve as an effective deterrent, as only one in three Pennsylvanians surveyed could identify a crime that carried a mandatory minimum sentence.
■ Second, mandatory minimum penalties often have a disparate impact on urban communities, which leads to a greater rate of incarceration for minorities.
For example, the proposed legislation would provide for a two-year mandatory minimum sentence for an individual found guilty of dealing drugs in a school zone, which the law defines as any area within 1,000 feet of a school. The sentencing commission concluded that, in application, the law had classified as “school zones” roughly 20 percent of the geographical area of Pennsylvania, and approximately 30 percent of the city of Philadelphia. It does not take a social scientist to understand that individuals in areas with greater population density are more likely to be affected by this overbroad definition.
■ Third, having established that mandatory minimum sentences do not reduce crime or recidivism, and fail to serve as an effective deterrent for criminal activity, Pennsylvanians likely would be surprised to know that their application greatly would increase the financial burden on taxpayers. The Department of Corrections estimates that the legislation would cost Pennsylvania taxpayers an additional $855 million over the next decade. If the General Assembly truly aims to decrease crime, this money would be better spent on education, police and drug and alcohol treatment programs, which data suggests are areas in which more funding can positively affect crime and recidivism rates.
■ Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the legislation fails to take into account the overwhelming public policy argument against the expansion of mass incarceration in Pennsylvania and throughout the United States.
Whereas the United States represents about 5 percent of the world's population, it houses approximately 25 percent of the world's prisoners. The incarceration rate in the United States is 19 percent higher than that of Turkmenistan, 36 percent higher than in Cuba and 57 percent higher than that of Russia. Adjusting for population, the United States prison population grew 220 percent between 1980 and 2014 despite a significant reduction in crime rates during that same period.
In Pennsylvania, there were 7,000 individuals incarcerated in 1980. There are now more than 49,000.
The socioeconomic consequences of mass incarceration — job loss and diminished employment opportunity, depression and social isolation, substance abuse/addiction, and a decline in available male partners and marriage — have been staggering throughout society in general, and in communities of color in particular.
If the General Assembly truly wants to make life better for Pennsylvanians, our legislators should pursue more data-driven policies to prevent crime and recidivism, and spend less time devising new ways to put more of our fellow citizens behind bars.
Known for his ambitious aspirations for space travel as founder of SpaceX, Musk said he chose UAE as the first Middle East country to host Tesla because he liked the country's goal to create 25 per cent of its national energy mix from solar power only by 2030.
UAE, a beacon: Musk Calling the UAE a “beacon”, Musk said building a a new Tesla store and service centre in Dubai this year as well in Abu Dhabi in 2018 was backed by a good “gut feeling” that the UAE is on the right path to slash carbon emissions and reduce fossil fuels via higher renewable energy generation. “I think it's a very smart decision for the long term. People will look back on this and say it was a really smart move,” Musk told reporters. Musk was grilled by reporters as to whether Tesla batteries would hold up under the heat of the UAE where it can reach upwards of 50°C and commonly forces many traditional car owners to replace their car batteries every two or three years. While acknowledging that in extreme heat, some Tesla cars may see a “10-15 per cent reduction in range”, Musk said Tesla technology has been rigorously tested in Death Valley, in the US – what he called the "hottest place on earth" – where his electric cars beat the heat. He said Tesla car batteries were tested at 67 Celsius and that cars were driven hard in Death Valley at high noon in summer up steep roads followed by a diesel-powered tow truck. In one instance, the truck broke down, but the electric car endured well, Musk quipped. By the numbers The Model S can accelerate from 0-100 km/h in 2.7 seconds, making it the fastest such car in the world, Musk said. It has a travel range of up to 632 km on on charge.
Price for the Model S car start from Dh275,000 Customisation of orders Tesla on Monday will begin accepting online orders for Model S and Model X in the UAE. Customers in the UAE can now visit the online design studio to customize and order the Tesla vehicle that best suits their lifestyle. First orders of Model S and Model X vehicles are expected to be delivered in Dubai this summer. The launch of the UAE's dedicated online platform is supported by a pop-up store in The Dubai Mall, Tesla Ranger service and a service centre now under construction near Interchange Two of Sheikh Zayed Road which will open in July. The store will provide an opportunity for customers to experience Tesla and learn about the benefits of Tesla ownership. In addition to Dubai, Tesla will open a store and service centre in Abu Dhabi next year. Tesla has designed the most sophisticated electric vehicle charging network in the world, the Supercharger and Destination charging network, so owners can travel wherever and whenever they want. Locations of superchargers Tesla has opened two Supercharging locations at The Last Exit in Jebel Ali and in Masdar City, allowing drivers to recharge their vehicles — in minutes rather than hours. By the end of the year, Tesla will open five additional Supercharger locations, enabling long distance travel across every route into and out of the country. The UAE is already home to a number of Tesla's Destination chargers, which are available at 26 locations across the UAE, including hotels and shopping malls. Tesla will add more than 50 additional Destination charging locations by the end of the year. With an industry leading NEDC range of up to 632 km, Tesla's award-winning Model S is designed from the ground up to be the safest, most exhilarating car on the road. Models S delivers unparalleled performance through Tesla's unique, all-electric powertrain and accelerates from 0 to 100 kph in just 2.7 seconds. Model X is the safest, fastest and most capable sport utility vehicle on the road. With standard all-wheel drive and up to 565 km of range (NEDC) on a single charge, Model X fits an active lifestyle and includes ample seating for seven adults and all of their gear. Model X is incredibly fast, accelerating from zero to 100 kph in as quickly as 3.1 seconds. Prices start from Dh275,000 (about $75,000) for Model S and Dh344,000 for Model X. The mass-market Model 3, to roll out from late 2017, is priced at $35,000. But it has an order backlog of nearly 400,000 customers. Prospective buyers gave a $1,000 deposit to be able to get a hold of the first Models 3s out of Tesla's "Gigafactory" in Nevada. Tesla produced 83,922 vehicles (both Model X + Model S) in 2016, from the company's Califnornia factory. More from Transport Musk discusses Tesla technology with DP World
Get ready for Tesla taxis in Dubai
200 Teslas to join Dubai Taxi fleet
Emirates transports tonnes of flowers
BEIJING, Dec. 11 (Xinhua/APP):China's fiscal revenue and expenditures both registered steady growth in the first 11 months of this year on the back of strong economic growth.
Fiscal revenue rose 8.4 percent year on year to nearly 16.2 trillion yuan (about 2.4 trillion U.S. dollars) in the first 11 months, the Ministry of Finance said Monday in a report.
The growth is mainly helped by rising revenue from tax income, which expanded 11.2 percent to 13.6 trillion yuan.
Revenue from value-added taxes increased 7.5 percent year on year to 5.2 trillion yuan in the January-November period.
During the period, fiscal expenditures rose 7.8 percent to nearly 18 trillion yuan.
Social security and the employment sector spent nearly 2.3 trillion yuan, the most of all sectors, according to the report.
However, in November alone, fiscal revenue and expenditures declined 1.4 percent and 9.1 percent year on year to 1.1 trillion yuan and 1.7 trillion yuan, respectively, driven by a higher comparative base in the same period last year.
China promised a more proactive and effective fiscal policy in 2017, with the fiscal deficit set at 3 percent of GDP, or 2.4 trillion yuan, up 200 billion yuan from 2016.
The country's GDP expanded 6.8 percent year on year in the third quarter, down from the second quarter's 6.9 percent increase but above the government's targeted growth of around 6.5 percent for the year.
PHILADELPHIA -- A Philadelphia sports radio personality says he lost a weekly television gig after saying a female announcer calling an NFL game "sounds unnatural."
Mike Missanelli said on his radio show that he was fired from "Sports Sunday" on WPVI, Philadelphia's ABC station.
Missanelli said it's because on Tuesday he questioned why ESPN had Beth Mowins doing play-by-play on ESPN's Monday Night Football doubleheader.
Editor's Picks Panthers' Newton laughs at female reporter Cam Newton laughed at a female reporter who on Wednesday asked about one of his teammates, saying it was "funny to hear a female" ask the question.
He said he has no one to blame but himself and calls it a "harsh result."
The firing comes in the same week Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton made sexist comments to a female reporter. When a Charlotte newspaper reporter asked Newton about a wide receiver's route running, Newton laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes." He has apologized.
The Lagos State Governor Akinwunmi Ambode has presented the 2018 budget estimate before the Lagos State House of Assembly.
The projected budget size is One Trillion, Forty- six Billion, One Hundred and Twenty one Million, One Hundred and Eighty one Thousand, Six A Hundred and Eighty naira (N1,046 ,121).
The budget has a recurrent expenditure of N347bn and a capital expenditure of N699bn.
The budget is tagged Budget of Progress and Development.
WESTFIELD - Police are seeking the public's help as they search for a 16-year-old male who was last seen on the morning of April 20.
John Dyer, last seen before he left his foster home, is approximately 5 feet 3 inches tall and 130 pounds. He was last seen wearing ripped jeans, a jean jacket, a gray sweatshirt and a blue shirt.
Those with information are asked to call detective Mejias at 413-562-6400 or the dispatch center at 413- 562-5411.
Netflix whiffed today in its first-quarter earnings when it came to subscriber growth, missing the expectations it set at the beginning of the year for the first quarter.
Still, Netflix said it is expecting to add 600,000 domestic subscribers and 2.6 million international subscribers in the second quarter. That would bring it over the hump to get it past that 100 million mark that — again — may be some kind of signal of faith for the company as it looks to continue growing internationally amid heavy spend on content. The subscriber numbers are more or less the key part of Netflix's business because it'll determine whether or not it can level off the spend on content to grow and keep users around against the revenue it generates from those subscribers.
In the end, shares of Netflix fell around 3% following the report, but it could have been quite a bit worse. Netflix can be prone to major swings in its stock price based on the subscriber numbers it delivers every quarter. The last one looked good, so they saw a pretty hefty stock jump. Netflix earnings of 40 cents per share on revenue of $2.64 billion. Analysts were also expecting earnings of 37 cents per share on revenue of $2.64 billion. Near-term, things might not have looked that great, but the better-than-expected guidance seems enough to buoy enough major suspicions about its future potential.
The company added 1.42 million domestic subscribers and 3.53 million international subscribers. Netflix itself projected that it would add 5.2 million subscribers in the first quarter — 1.5 million in the U.S. and 3.7 million internationally. That estimate would have brought Netflix to 99 million subscribers, tantalizingly close to a nice round number that may or may not impress investors going forward.
In January, Netflix reported domestic subscriber growth that was much stronger than what Wall Street was expecting, which ended up sending the stock price soaring. It was a pleasant surprise — and maybe a relief — given that a lot of the focus and attention was given to its international expansion after it decided to open up to a wide array of new countries. International growth, too, beat expectations, with the company adding 5 million new subscribers.
Getting that growth up is going to be even more important given the amount of money Netflix has to invest to get those subscribers to stick around and gather new ones. In addition to the costs of producing original content, Netflix also said it would spend $1 billion in marketing this year.
“As part of this, we are investing more in programmatic advertising with the aim of improving our ability to do individualized marketing at scale and to deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time,” the company said in the earnings release.
In the past year, Netflix has seen a steady climb up as it looks like its expansion plans aren't running into its major issues, though it has a lot of big markets that it has to get into. It also has to invest heavily in original content for those new markets, given that it can't just rely fully on its existing library and the content that does well in its domestic markets. Last quarter, Hastings pointed to a new show called The 3% that was launched in Brazil and was highly successful.
Netflix's report today kicks off the first quarter of the tech earnings season. Following a string of successful IPOs through the first quarter, we'll see how industry observers will be reacting to what the rest of the tech world is delivering.
Featured Image: AP Photo/Paul Sakuma
NEW YORK (Reuters/AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 7:59 am |
Police officers stand outside the New York Port Authority Bus Terminal after an explosion in the subway, Monday. (Reuters/Brendan McDermid)
New York City reopened its subways shortly after 10 a.m, amid heightened city-wide security after a man with a pipe bomb strapped to him caused an explosion in an underground passageway in the Times Square area during the morning rush hour.
The man and three others were being treated for non-life-threatening injuries in what the mayor and police labeled an attempted terror attack.
Metropolitan Transportation Authority Chairman Joseph Lhota advised that trains on the Seventh and Eighth avenue lines were still bypassing the Times Square corridor as the investigation proceeded Monday morning. But he says overall service is back to normal.
The explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues.
First reports of the incident began soon after 7 a.m., at the start of the city's rush hour.
Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner James P. O'Neill labeled it an attempted terror attack.
“Thank G-d the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals,” de Blasio said.
New York mayor Billl de Blasio (R.) looks on as Governor Andrew Cuomo holds a press conference in the wake of an explosion at the New York Port Authority Bus Terminal, Monday. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson)
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo was also on the scene.
The suspect was identified as 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
Law enforcement officials said he was inspired by the Islamic State terror group but had apparently not had any direct contact with the group. The officials said he lives in Brooklyn and may be of Bangladeshi descent. The officials spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the blast.
Authorities said the bomb was a low-tech explosive device attached to the man with Velcro and plastic ties. They were investigating how it was made.
The explosion triggered a massive emergency response by police and firefighters both above and below ground, tangling subway and bus service at the nearby Port Authority bus terminal.
Fire officials said the suspect had burns to his hands and abdomen. The others who were injured suffered ringing in ears and headaches.
Everything around the Port Authority area was shut down — a surreal scene of still at what would ordinarily be a bustling rush hour.
New Jersey Transit buses headed to the Port Authority were diverted to other locations. NJ Transit said buses were taking passengers to Secaucus and Hoboken, where they could take trains into the city.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders tweeted that President Donald Trump had been briefed on the explosion.
Police block off a sidewalk while responding to an explosion near Times Square on Monday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan)
News of the incident jarred financial markets as trading was getting underway for the week. Standard & Poor's 500 index emini futures pared gains, the dollar weakened against the yen and U.S. Treasury securities prices gained on a modest flight-to-safety bid.
The incident occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when he set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea district.
Thirty-nine million Americans now own a smart speaker devices, but the voice app ecosystem is still developing. While Alexa today has over 25,000 skills available, a number of companies haven't yet built a skill for the platform, or offer only a very basic skill that doesn't work that well. That's where the startup Storyline comes in. The company is offering an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop visual interface for building Amazon Alexa skills that doesn't require you to have knowledge of coding.
As the company describes it, they're building the “Weebly for voice apps” – a reference to the drag-and-drop website building platform that's now a popular way for non-developers to create websites without code.
Storyline was co-founded in September 2017 by Vasili Shynkarenka (CEO) and Maksim Abramchuk (CTO). Hailing from Belarus, the two had previously run a software development agency that built chat-based applications, including chatbots and voice apps, for their clients.
Their work led them to come up with Storyline, explains Vasili.
“We realized there was this big struggle with creating conversational apps,” he says. “We learned that creative people and content creators are not really good at writing code. That was the major insight.”
The company is targeting brands, businesses and individuals who want to reach their customers – or, in the case of publishers, their readers – using a voice platform like Alexa, and later, Google Home.
The software itself is designed to be very simple, and can be used to create either a custom skill or a Flash Briefing.
For the most basic skill, it only takes five to seven minutes, notes Vasili.
To get started with Storyline, you sign up for an account, then click which type of skill you want to build – either a Flash Briefing or custom skill. You then provide some basic information like the skill's name and language, and it launches into a canvas where you can begin creating the skill's conversational workflow.
Here, you'll see a block you click on and customize by entering in your own text. This would be the first thing your voice app says when launched, like “Hello, welcome to…” followed by the app's name, for example.
You edit this and other blocks of text in the panel on the left side of the screen, while Storyline presents a visual overview of the conversation flow on the right.
In the editing panel, you continue to click on other buttons to add more voice interactions – like other questions the skill will ask, user responses, and Alexa's reply to those.
Each of these items is connected to one of the text blocks on the main screen, as a flow chart of sorts. You can also configure how the skill should respond if the user says something unexpected.
When you're finished, you can test the skill in a browser by clicking “Play.” That way, you can hear how the skill sounds and test various user responses.
Once satisfied that your skill is ready to go, you click the “Deploy” button to publish. This redirects you to Amazon where you sign in with your Amazon account and publish. (If you don't have an Amazon Developer account, Storyline will guide you to create one.)
This sort of visual skill development system may be easier to manage for simpler skills that have a limited number of questions and responses, but the startup says that even more advanced skills have been built using its service.
It was also used by two of the finalists in the Alexa Skills Challenge: Kids.
Since launching the first version of Storyline in October 2017, some 3,000 people have signed up for an account, and have created roughly the same number of skills. Around 200 of those have gone live to Amazon's Skill Store.
Storyline isn't the only company focused on helping businesses build voice apps without code these days, however.
For example, Sayspring lets designers create voice-enabled apps without code, as well, but instead of publishing the skill directly, it's meant to be the first step in the voice app creation process. It's where designers can flesh out how a skill should work before handing off the coding to a development team.
Vasili says this is a big differentiator between the two companies.
“Prototyping tools are great to play with and explain ideas, but it's super hard to retain users by being a prototyping tool – because they use the tool to prototype and then that's it,” he explains. With Storyline, customers will stay throughout the process of launching and iterating upon their voice app, he states. “We can use data from when the skill is published to improve the design,” notes Vasili.
dashboard page canvas page (2) canvas page (3) skill sharing page skill preview page skills page landing page View Slideshow Previous Next Exit
Currently, the included analytics don't do this – they only track users, sessions, and interactions. But the plan is to augment them over time with more capabilities.
Storyline today is free to use. But it will next week launch its first premium feature focused on scheduling posts in Flash Briefings.
Later, it will also roll out templates to speed up the skill building process for things like briefings, games (including trivia games), and more.
And it will eventually tackle publishing to other voice platforms, like Google Home.
The startup is currently participating in Y Combinator's Winter 2018 class, and is backed by both YC and Adam Draper's Boost VC.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Series notes
Penn State and USC are meeting for the 10th time overall, for the third time in the Rose Bowl Game, for the fourth time in a bowl. The Trojans hold a 5-4 advantage.
1923 (Rose Bowl): USC 14, PSU 3
1982 (Fiesta Bowl): PSU 26, USC 10
1990 (at USC): USC 19, PSU 14
1991 (at USC): USC 21, PSU 10
1993 (at PSU): PSU 21, USC 20
1994 (at PSU): PSU 38, USC 14
1996 (at Giants Stadium): PSU 24, USC 7
2000 (at Giants Stadium): USC 29, PSU 5
2009 (Rose Bowl): USC 38, PSU 24
East Meets West
The Pac-12 has a 49-43-3 record all-time in the Rose Bowl Game, while Big Ten teams are 31-37-0. The Pac-12 has a 35-31 record against Big Ten teams head-to-head in the game.
Rose Bowl I rematch...sort of
The Rose Bowl has been an annual tradition since 1916, even though Michigan and Stanford competed in the “Tournament of Roses East-West Football Game” that later was renamed the Rose Bowl in 1902. But the first eight editions of the iconic game's history were played at Pasadena's Tournament Park, best known for animal races – one featured a camel against an elephant – held during Tournament of Roses festivitites. The first Rose Bowl Game played at the current Rose Bowl Stadium was the 1923 clash between two programs that, to that point, had never competed in a bowl game before: Penn State and USC. It was the first edition of the series to officially be called The Rose Bowl Game.
Hugo's boss
In the first 102 Rose Bowl games, there has only been on coach that has led three different teams to the Grandaddy of Them All. And, he does have a tie to Penn State. Hugo Bezdek, who guided the Nittany Lions to Pasadena in 1923, also coached the Oregon and Mare Islandteams to the Rose in 1917 and 1918, respectively.
Sir Charles
Pittston's Charley Trippi starred for Georgia in the 1943 Rose Bowl, carrying the ball 25 times for 130 yards in a 9-0 win over UCLA. He was named player of the game for his efforts. In 1991, he earned induction into the Rose Bowl Hall of Fame, and he also in the 1940s representative on the Rose Bowl's All-Century Class.
Here's some good news for Penn State quarterback Trace McSorley, and some potentially not-so-good news USC signal-caller Sam Darnold: Seven quarterbacks have appeared in both the Rose Bowl Game and the Super Bowl, but only two of them represented the Pac-12:
Drew Brees (Purdue/New Orleans)
Kerry Collins (Penn State/New York Giants)
Bob Griese (Purdue/Miami)
Joe Kapp (California/Minnesota)
Earl Morrall (Michigan State/Baltimore)
Jim Plunkett (Stanford/Oakland)
Russell Wilson (Wisconsin/Seattle)
To be fair, here's some really good news for Darnold: Penn State has played in the Rose Bowl Game just three times, and it has still managed to allow the two all-time greatest passing performances in the history of the game. Oregon's Danny O'Neil threw for 456 yards in the 1995 game, which the Nittany Lions won. Then, in the 2009 contest, USC's Mark Sanchez led his team to a victory with 413 passing yards. The only quarterback to throw for more than 400 yards in a Rose Bowl without having played Penn State in that game: Of course, it was Wisconsin's Ron Vander Kelen, who threw for 401 against, you guessed it, USC in 1963.
Quite a gig
Go figure: It is actually easier, statistically, to rush for 150 yards in a Rose Bowl than it is to call the game as the play-by-play man on network television. Since the game began being broadcast nationally in 1952, 20 different players have rushed for 150 yards, but only seven different broadcasters have been in the play-by-play seat:
Brent Musberger
Chris Fowler
Keith Jackson
Dick Enberg
Curt Gowdy
Lindsey Nelson
Mel Allen
Just made it
Once today's game kicks off, USC will have played in the Rose Bowl Game during the term of every U.S. President since 1929, spanning 14 presidencies from Herbert Hoover to Barack Obama.
Little-known fact
Until today, Penn State was not the Pennsylvania-based team that has appeared in the most Rose Bowl. Pittsburgh had played in four Rose Bowls, winning the 1937 game against Washington after losing in each of its first three appearances. The Nittany Lions will tie the Panthers in Rose Bowl appearances today.
Ain't No Sunshine state
Penn State is 14-11 all-time against California schools, but it is just 3-5 in California.
vs. USC: 4-5
vs. UCLA: 2-4
vs. Stanford: 4-1
vs. California: 3-1
vs. San Diego State: 1-0
SUBARU'S Outback first appeared in 1996, long before most of us knew what the SUV acronym meant. It has stayed competitive for 22 years and five generations.
The current model, launched in 2015, has just been updated with higher safety and infotainment specification, a new dash, tweaks to the volume selling combination of 2.5-litre petrol engine and continuously variable transmission to improve efficiency and refinement, plus a fiddle with suspension tuning to enhance ride comfort.
There is no longer a manual option; the Outback range is exclusively CVT.
VALUE
The Outback 2.5i petrol is $36,250 and the turbo diesel 2.0D is $38,740. The Premium 2.5i, which we're testing here, is $42,640; Premium 2.0D is $45,640.
Subaru's 3.6-litre "boxer" engine is fitted to the 3.6R, priced at $49,140.
The Outback still represents a lot of SUVs for relatively modest money but the Premium model now has a bunch of keenly priced competitors on its tail, so it's no longer the standout family freighter it once was.
Our Car of the Year, the Skoda Kodiaq, and Mazda's CX-9 are direct rivals on price and size, with the bonus of a couple of fold-up kid seats in the boot, as do Hyundai's Santa Fe and the Kia Sorento. Holden is also having a tilt with its new Calais V6 Tourer, a jacked-up ZB Commodore wagon with class leading performance from its 235kW 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive, at a pretty sharp $45,990.
2018 Subaru Outback: A lot of SUVs for relatively modest money.
Peugeot's new 5008 seven-seater is in the mix, too, starting at $42,990.
So the Outback Premium update is timely.
Subaru's new infotainment features a larger head unit with an eight-inch touchscreen that's also mounted higher on the dash, so it's easier to reach and to read. Big, responsive icons get you around the various menus.
Timely update: Larger infotainment head unit, smartphone mirroring and voice control.
Apple CarPlay/Android Auto connectivity is included, as is Tom Tom navigation and voice control that works - most of the time - across all infotainment functions and will read text messages.
The dash itself has a richer look, with more high gloss black plastic, stitching around the instrument panel and a new, sportyish, leather-wrapped steering wheel. Fit and finish are outstanding.
Premium spec adds power adjustable, heated, leather-wrapped front seats, sunroof, heated, folding side mirrors and power tailgate.
COMFORT
You sit on rather than in Premium's generously padded, super-sized driver's seat, so while it's comfortable enough, upper body support is minimal. Being perched so high relative to the dash creates the impression that the Outback is bigger than it really is.
The flat rear bench, also elevated, has ample legroom and is well suited for kids, although the centre belt spools out of the roof. Two USB charge ports have been added for 2018; vents are also fitted.
Outback cabin: Comfortable and gives impression of space.
A relatively small boot is easily extended to a longer, flat floor; power operation, a couple of bag hooks and integrated load cover are useful.
This time, the suspension seems to have been softened, and Outback's ride is supple and quiet on all surfaces, assisted by big, baggy Bridgestone Dueler tyres.
SAFETY
The Premium's safety specification was already formidable thanks to the twin camera-based EyeSight set-up with adaptive cruise control and autonomous emergency braking plus radar-based Vision Assist with blind spot monitoring and rear cross traffic alert.
It is further strengthened with higher resolution front cameras, faster image processing, LED headlights that turn in response to steering inputs and have automatic beam and brightness adjustment, front and side view cameras and lane keeping.
Nothing else at the price matches the Premium's level of driver assist safety tech.
DRIVING
Subaru claims to have sharpened up the CVT's responsiveness and, if you use the paddles, you now have seven pre-sets rather than six. The drivetrain is smooth and quiet, performance is adequate, yet the 2.5 now feels rather weak and sluggish compared to most of its rivals, even in Sport mode.
On the highway, expect 7-8L/100km; in town, assisted by auto stop-start (which kicks in with a clunk), you'll do 9-12L/100km on regular unleaded.
In handling, the Outback also has come back to the pack - more correctly, the pack has caught up. The suspension now feels underdamped, so on bumpy surfaces it can get a little twitchy and the body isn't tightly tied down.
Outback: Ground clearance, full-size spare and X-Mode tech enhance off-road ability.
Lifeless steering and brakes that lack power also mean the Subaru is no longer a class-leading drive.
Subaru's X-Mode - a simulated low-range - plus a useful 213mm of ground clearance and full-size spare give the Outback greater off-bitumen adventuring potential than most SUVs.
HEART SAYS
My family's protection is top priority so I want the safest wagon I can find at a reasonable price.
HEAD SAYS
Hits the sweet spot for size and price, Subaru is a blue-chip Japanese brand with strong resale values, and I want something that can tackle a dirt track with confidence.
ALTERNATIVES
HOLDEN CALAIS TOURER FROM $45,999
Haven't driven this but in the RS wagon the same 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive set-up is a beauty and it should handle. Lots of safety tech and fruit, including leather. Boot volume is 560L.
SKODA KODIAQ FROM $42,990
Superior to the Outback in performance, fuel economy and dynamics and has seven seats. You have to spend another $4900 for equivalent luxe and safety specification. Boot is 630L.
VERDICT
3 stars
More safety for your dollar than anything else in the class and, for many parents, that will be enough. In several other respects, notably performance, dynamics and practicality, newer players have overtaken the Outback.
No title, From: Supplied
SUBARU OUTBACK 2.5i PREMIUM
PRICE $42,640 (reasonable)
SERVICING/WARRANTY 3 years w'ty (short); $2281 for 3 years (expensive)
ENGINE 2.5-litre 4-cyl, 129kW/235Nm (below average)
SAFETY 5 stars, 6 airbags, AEB, adaptive cruise, blind spot monitoring, rear cross traffic alert (best in class)
THIRST 7.3L/100km (average)
SPARE Full-size alloy (Big tick!)
BOOT 512L (small)
Published:
Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister, on Wednesday reacted to the alleged rumour that candidates participating in the ongoing recruitment into the force wrote examination in Arabic.
The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, chieftain, who condemned the alleged act, wondered why there are Arabic insignia on Nigerian notes, Army's coat of arm and also the Computer-Based Test (CBT) taken by intending officers.
In a tweet, the former Minister stressed that Nigerians are not Arab, hence “this madness must stop.”
The tweet reads, “Arabic words on our banknotes. Arabic inscriptions on our Army's coat of arms. Arabic language part of the Police CBT examination.
“What is going on? Is Nigeria an Arab colony or Saudi Arabia? Are all Nigerians Muslims? Must we bow to the Arabs too? This madness must stop
Share This
Staff Reporter
Islamabad
The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) on Wednesday declared the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) eligible for participation in the upcoming General Election, allotting the party the ‘bat' election symbol following its intra-party polls earlier this week. The ECP had earlier withheld the allotment of an electoral symbol to the PTI, owing to its inability to hold intra-party elections, which are mandatory prior to allocation of an election symbol. The PTI, during its two-day intra-party polls, re-elected Imran Khan as chairman and Shah Mahmood Qureshi as vice chairman for another term. PTI Chief Election Commissioner Azam Swati earlier said the party had held its intra-party election in a hurry to regain its election symbol of ‘bat' from the ECP as the 2018 General Election draws nearer.
BEIJING, June 15 (APP): The national flags of newly admitted Shanghai
Cooperation Organization (SCO) States Pakistan and India – were raised at the SCO Headquarters here on Thursday.
Secretary General, SCO, Rashid Alimov, Pakistan Ambassador to China,
Khalid Masood, Indian Ambassador to China, Vijay Gokhale, ambassadors of the Observer States, representative of Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, senior diplomats and officials were present.
In his welcome address, the SCO Secretary General said, this day 16 years
ago, at the crossroads of two millennia, the SCO appeared on the political map of the world.
He said, neighborliness and unity of development goals these simple and
clear principles of interstate relations enshrined in the Charter have become the fundamental foundation of a new type of Organization and have transformed the SCO into a real factor of international life.
Rashid Alimov said, in Astana, Kazakhstan, the leaders of the founding
states of the SCO made a historic decision to accept Pakistan and India as full-fledged members of the Organization.
“Today, on the Day of the SCO, we gathered at the headquarters of the
Organization for the solemn ceremony of raising the national flags of Pakistan and India”, he added.
He said from now on, the state flags of the eight-member states of the
Organization, united by the “Shanghai spirit”, will be fluttering around the emerald-blue flag of the SCO.
Rashid Alimov said, the SCO has the right to be proud of its achievements,
but no country or organization can solve the acute problems of our time alone. When the world continues to face new challenges and threats, the SCO stands firmly for uniting efforts against all forces of evil, for peace and stability, development and prosperity.
“On the way to building a better and brighter future for each and
everyone the Charter of the SCO and the Charter of the United Nations will serve as our guiding star,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Ambassador Masood Khalid said, today's
flag-raising ceremony symbolizes the start of a new journey for Pakistan.
This is a moment of fulfillment, of accomplishment, and of success, he
said, adding, “It will remind us in future that it was on this day that we had pledged together to work for a shared vision of common development.”
He said, with SCO members, we share deep historical and cultural ties, as
well as strong economic linkages.
The Ambassador pledged to uphold the Shanghai Spirit and the SCO Charter,
promote regional peace and stability and further develop people to people contacts and cultural interaction.
“We will leave no stone unturned in the attainment of greater good of
our people through cooperation and understanding as SCO family,” he added.
Expressing special thanks to the founding six countries for having
afforded to Pakistan their support in attaining SCO's membership, he thanked the SCO Secretary General and his team for their assistance and support that they extended during the membership process.
He also expressed gratitude for people and government of Kazakhstan for
hosting the historic summit in Astana.
In his remarks, the Indian Ambassador termed the full membership of India
to SCO at Astana a historic moment and said, “We look forward to developing the relations with all the member countries for the mutual benefit of whole region.”
He said his country is ready to share its expertise in various fields
including science and technology for the shared prosperity of the region.
Besides playing national anthems of Pakistan and India, the SCO
Secretary General, the chief guest from Chinese side and Ambassadors of Pakistan and India also hit together the “Shanghai Spirit” drum.
ISLAMABAD, Aug.14 (APP):The High Commission of Pakistan in Sri Lanka and
the Pakistani community has celebrated 70th Independence Anniversary of Pakistan in a
befitting manner.
According to a message recieved here from Sri Lanka on Monday, the
Acting High Commissioner of Pakistan in Sri Lanka, Dr. Sarfraz Ahmed Khan Sipra hoisted
the national flag of Pakistan at a colorful ceremony held at the Pakistan High Commission
here is this morning to mark the occasion.
Later, the messages of the President and Prime Minister of Pakistan were
read out to the participants.
In his message, the Acting High Commissioner Dr. Sarfraz Sipra said that
Pakistan was our identity that we earned through immense sacrifices.
He underlined that countless people gave their blood to kindle the light
of freedom and millions had to migrate for this purpose.
It was a day of happiness and a day of renewing our pledges that we would
continue to struggle with unity and oneness for the objectives for which Pakistan was
created, he added.
On Sri Lanka-Pakistan relations, Dr. Sipra said that it was a matter of great
satisfaction that Pakistan and Sri Lanka continued to maintain their traditionally close and
mutually beneficial relations in all fields.
“The process of bilateral cooperation has been greatly assisted by ever
increasing multifaceted interaction both at the level of people and leaders of our two
countries.”
He lauded that the two countries had achieved development, progress and
prosperity over the last 70 years through mutual cooperation and expressed the hope
that it would continue in the years to come.
On the occasion, Dr. Sipra formally presented the official photograph of the
investiture ceremony held at the President office in Islamabad to Mr. Ifthikhar Aziz where
he was awarded Tamgha-e-Khidmat in recognition of his meritorious service to Pakistan.
Mr. Aziz has the distinguished honor to serve as the President of Pakistan Sri
Lanka Friendship, Trade and Investment Association for the 8th consecutive year.
This year, Pakistan is celebrating 70th anniversary of independence.
The High Commission of Pakistan has planned a number of activities including
launch of a book “An Enduring Friendship: Sri Lanka and Pakistan” today evening.
Painting Competition on “Buddhist and Gandhara Art and Cultural Heritage of
Pakistan” open for all Sri Lankan citizens, Pakistan Film Festival and many other activities
in this regard are also planned.
The flag hoisting ceremony was attended by a large number of participants
from various walks of life including members of the Sri Lanka Pakistan Friendship, Trade
and Investment Association, Sri Lanka Pakistan Business Council, prominent Sri Lankan
personalities and the Pakistani community based in Sri Lanka.
A traditional Pakistani breakfast was also served to the attendees.
Former US president Bill Clinton on the 1992 Buscapade campaign tour in Athens, Texas. Pic by Joseph Sohm/Shutterstock
Book review The Register has read the The President Is Missing by Bill Clinton and James Patterson so you don't have to. Don't say we never do anything for you...
Bill Clinton's foray into co-authoring a novel is an awkward hybrid of cyber thriller and reflections on the loneliness and responsibility of high political office.
The President Is Missing, co-written with prolific potboiler author and Stephen King botherer James Patterson, plays with a familiar trope: the leader of the free world as an action hero.
In the book, the fictional President Jon Duncan is given five days to prevent a cataclysmic cyberattack that would erase financial records, disable the power grid, break water purification systems and disable mobile phone networks.
It's Russian hackers, FBI and Wikileaks wot won it – Hillary Clinton on her devastating election loss READ MORE
Yes that's right: it's a cyber Pearl Harbour.
As if that's not enough, President Duncan is also facing impeachment proceedings while coping with a long term health condition and fending off a pregnant would-be assassin and her cohorts.
Phew.
The fictional president, a former governor of a southern US state (remind you of anyone?) and widower, responds to all this stress by going off-grid to sort things out.
According to former Clinton Secret Service man Gary Byrne, the former president was allegedly able to give his Secret Service protectors the slip several times. This possibility of ditching the detail gives The President Is Missing one of its central plot elements.
The fictional prez, a former Army Ranger and Gulf War veteran, adopts his disguise before making his way out of the White House through a secret tunnel and meeting a hacker who, having helped to make and plant a devastating wiper strain of malware, has second thoughts about bringing down western civilisation.
The book meshes elements of the Kiefer Sutherland-starring jeopardy series 24 plot with elements of Die Hard 4 and themes of betrayal from House of Cards. The prose is as pedestrian as Stephen King might expect, and best compared to the Da Vinci Code.
The plot is functional enough but the characters, including female Bosnian assassin Bach, are mere ciphers that don't linger in the imagination after reading the book. There is quite a lot of reflection on the people who enter politics and Democratic talking points that would sit more naturally in a memoir or political diary.
Those reading the novel for insights into the US political process or what it's like to be president will find points of interest. Parts of the book, such as a passage relating the telephoning the mother of a dead soldier, have the mark of authenticity.
The literary running mates – Clinton and Patterson – have read the Cliff Notes but they don't really know a great deal about cyber, elements of which are used to season the pot of what in essence remains a would-be airport blockbuster. The book is 513 pages in hardcover but split into 10-page chapters for easy digestion.
Manchester airport billboard for Clinton cyberthriller
To Russia, with love...
Unsurprisingly, the Russians are the cyber antagonists in the book. The real-life Russian government hacking crew, Fancy Bear (APT28, a unit of Russian military intelligence or GRU), even gets a name-check. The Russians act through a proxy group called the Sons of Jihad, who (despite their name) are nationalists rather than jihadists.
Duncan's impeachment proceedings stem from a phone call to the leader of the group, during which he uncovers a plot to unleash a virus so horrible it is called the Dark Ages.
The cyberattack itself is rather pedestrian – a wiper. Even university security operation centre staff these days train on simulations with multiple attack vectors (hacking, malware, DDoS etc). The malware-based "McGuffin" at the centre of the action does have advanced (not to say almost magical cloaking) abilities that make it hard to defuse.
It's a bit better than CSI: Cyber, but then what isn't? There are already plans from Showtime to turn the book into a 16 part series.
For those that can't wait, The President is Missing is already half-price on Amazon for £10 or $15. The official website is here. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tanning salon owners have agreed to meet with homeless charity to discuss options for keeping the homeless sprinklers switched off.
Consol tanning salon drew heavy criticism from national media and homelessness campaigners following a story in the Bristol Post this week on the salon's use of ‘anti-homeless sprinklers' to deter rough sleepers outside their shop.
The sprinklers drip water constantly overnight, with bosses saying they installed them after homeless people left vomit and faeces outside the shop and threatened staff.
The news drew criticism and threats of picket lines and protests outside the shop from activists.
(Image: Acorn)
Today (Friday, February 2) community union Acorn cancelled a planned picket event due to be held outside the salon tomorrow (Saturday, February 3).
Acorn organiser Nick Ballard said: “We're reasonable people and in exchange for Consol agreeing to meet with Help Bristol's Homeless to explore more constructive options and for keeping the sprinklers off in the meantime we've called off tomorrow's picket.”
Meanwhile Jasper Thompson of Help Bristol's Homeless confirmed the group is due to meet with Consol.
He said: “At least they're making an effort."
Jasper said he had reservations about Consol's claims about homeless people sleeping and defecating outside the shop on numerous occasions.
“I hope we can get to the root of what actually happened and on how many occasions.
“We go out to that area and we can say to the guys, let's keep this bit clean.
Jasper said Consol needed to develop an alternative to the sprinklers and he was happy to talk through ideas with them.
“It's barbaric, in 2018 they shouldn't be using such a draconian measure of deterring them from using that space.”
Jasper said he didn't feel there was a need for protests outside the salon, saying: “Consultation is always best, isn't it?”
The Bristol Post contacted Consol for a comment but they told us: “We feel you have completely misrepresented us and so will not be issuing any further comments now or in the future.”
Best overall Samsung Galaxy S7 edge See at AT&T See at Sprint See at T-Mobile See at Verizon See at Amazon The Galaxy S7 edge is the total package. The phone features a stunning metal-and-glass exterior backed by an excellent 5.5-inch display. The dual curved display is easily one of the best you'll find on a phone, and differentiates the S7 edge from the pack. The handset is powered by Qualcomm's beastly Snapdragon 820 SoC, and offers 4GB of RAM along with 32GB storage. The 12MP camera is outstanding, and the 3600mAh battery ensures you get at least a day's worth of usage from a full charge. Best of all, Samsung reintroduced the microSD slot after leaving it out on the Galaxy S6 series. The phone accommodates microSD cards up to 256GB, which should be more than sufficient for all your movie or music needs. If all that isn't enough, the S7 edge is water resistant with an IP68 rating. Bottom line: The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is one of the best smartphones you can currently buy. One more thing: If you don't want to be tied down to a contract, Samsung has started selling the S7 edge unlocked in the U.S. The unlocked model has global LTE bands, making it compatible with several carriers overseas.
Why the Galaxy S7 edge is the best
A gorgeous phone loaded with features.
Samsung was criticised in years past for launching boring phones, but the manufacturer responded magnificently with the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. The Galaxy S7 edge is an evolution of that industrial design, with the phone featuring rounded edges and a curved back to go along with the dual curved display, allowing it to nestle comfortably in your hand.
The 5.5-inch QHD Super AMOLED display is one of the best in the business, offering deep blacks and excellent contrast levels. Then there's the microSD card, which allows you to store up to 256GB, more than enough to take your media collection along. Samsung decided to not incorporate Marshmallow's Adoptable Storage feature, which treats an SD card volume like internal storage. Instead, when you insert an SD card into the S7 edge, it is mounted as a separate volume.
Samsung is known to throw in gimmicky features (Air View, anyone?), but this time around the South Korean manufacturer has shown restraint and focused on utilities customers will actually end up using. Water resistance is one such feature. The S7 edge is dust-proof, and the IP68 certification allows the phone to be submerged in up to 1.5 meters (5 feet) of water for 30 minutes without any issues.
Talking about software, Samsung has been proactive in rolling out monthly software patches. The phone has picked up the Nougat update in several regions around the world.
The 3600mAh battery lasts a day even on heavy usage, and on occasions when you need a quick top-up, you can rely on Samsung's Adaptive Fast Charging. The phone also offers wireless charging, and is compatible with both Qi and Powermat charging standards.
Phablet-sized Huawei Mate 9 See at Amazon Huawei's Mate 9 is one of the most feature-rich phablets available today. The fact that it's available unlocked for $599 makes it that much more attractive. The 5.9-inch Full HD display has excellent contrast and brightness levels, and what it lacks in resolution it makes up in sunlight legibility. The phone is powered by Huawei's latest Kirin 960 SoC with four Cortex A73 cores, and it offers 4GB of RAM, 64GB storage, and a 4000mAh battery. The microSD slot lets you slot in memory cards up to 256GB in size. The standout feature on the Mate 9 is the Leica dual camera setup at the back, with a 12MP RGB sensor augmented by a 20MP monochrome sensor. The monochrome sensor adds fine detail to images while the RGB sensor adds color-related data. With both sensors working in conjunction, you get stunning photos from the camera on the Mate 9. The phone is also the first Huawei device to run the company's Nougat-based EMUI 5.0 out of the box. Bottom line: For $599, the Mate 9 offers an enticing package with high-end internals, incredible camera, and all-day battery life. One more thing: The Mate 9 is fully compatible with AT&T and T-Mobile, but it will not work on Verizon or Sprint.
With Adoptable Storage HTC 10 See at Sprint See at Verizon See at Amazon See at HTC HTC hasn't fared well in the high-end segment over the last two years, but the HTC 10 represents a return to form. The phone sports a gorgeous aluminum unibody design with a beveled chamfer that circles the back. The curved back ensures that the phone fits comfortably in your hand, and the 5.2-inch screen size allows for one-handed use. From a design standpoint, the HTC 10 is one of the best phones you can buy today. The phone offers the latest internals. You'll find a Snapdragon 820 SoC under the hood, and there's 4GB of RAM and 32GB on-board storage. The 12MP camera is one of the best fielded by the company to date, and there's a 3000mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 that gives you a full day on a charge. The handset has a great DAC if you like listening to Hi-Fi audio from your phone. Coming to the software side of things, Sense 8 is one of the best manufacturer skins around. HTC has committed to rolling out the Nougat update to the HTC 10 in Q4 2016. The HTC 10 also comes with a dedicated microSD slot that can accommodate SD cards up to 256GB. Unlike the S7 edge, the HTC 10 supports Marshmallow's Adoptable Storage, which allows you to reformat the external SD card storage and mount it as a part of the internal system storage. You'll be able to use the entire storage — 32GB internal and a possible 256GB with the SD card — as a unified volume, but the downside is that you won't be able to remove the SD card and use it for anything else. Bottom line: The HTC 10 gets the basics right, and the fact that it is on sale for $549 makes it an enticing option. One more thing: If you buy the phone direct from HTC, you get 12 months of HTC's Uh Oh Protection for free, which covers screen cracks, water damage, and switching carriers.
The mid-range option ZTE Axon 7 See at Amazon The ZTE Axon 7 is a standout phone in the mid-range segment. Available for $399, the phone offers a great 5.5-inch QHD display with minimal bezels, resulting in a compact size. You also get stereo speakers at the front, a 20MP ISOCELL camera and a fingerprint sensor at the back, and a 3250mAh battery that runs a day and a half. There's a decent DAC onboard as well if you're looking to listen to high-fidelity tunes on your phone. Under the hood, the Axon 7 is running the Snapdragon 820 SoC, 4GB of RAM, 64GB storage, and a microSD slot that works with Adoptable Storage. The microSD slot can accommodate a 256GB card. On the software front, ZTE has started rolling out the Nougat update. Bottom line: The Axon 7 is a compelling device in the mid-tier segment, and is worthy of your consideration. One more thing: The Axon 7 comes with ZTE's Passport 2.0 protection plan in the U.S., which offers a two-year warranty against hardware defects.
Best budget pick Honor 6X See at Amazon The Honor 6X doesn't feel like a budget phone in that it has a premium anodized aluminum chassis and dual cameras at the back. The internal hardware is also astonishingly good, with the phone featuring a 14nm Kirin 655 SoC, 3GB of RAM, 32GB storage, and a 3340mAh battery. The 5.5-inch Full HD display is one of the best in this segment, and the main 12MP camera at the back is joined by a 2MP secondary sensor that adds depth information to images, leading to a bokeh effect. The Honor 6X has a hybrid dual-SIM card slot, which means that the secondary SIM card slot doubles up as a microSD slot. The phone made its debut with the older Marshmallow-based EMUI 4.1, but Honor has committed to rolling out the Nougat update to the phone in March. Bottom line: The Honor 6X offers a lot of value for its $249 price tag. One more thing: Like the Mate 9, the Honor 6X will not work on Verizon or Sprint.
Conclusion
If you want a phone that has expandable storage, the Galaxy S7 edge is still your best option. Featuring top-of-the-line hardware, a stunning metal and glass design, and one of the best cameras in this space, the Galaxy S7 edge has a lot in its favor. Water resistance and wireless charging make it an even more compelling choice. Add all that and throw in a microSD slot that supports up to 256GB of expandable storage and you'll find why the S7 edge is the most feature-rich Android phone around.
LAHORE, Jan 2 (APP): The Chairman Pakistan Cricket Board, Sheharyar
Mohammad Khan, has relieved Basit Ali from his duties in regard to the Women Team's head coach and Chairman national Junior selection committee in the aftermath of Basit's slapping of a former international cricketer Mehmood Hamid on the side lines of a match of national one day cricket tournament at Karachi.
“The Chairman's decision came after he had separate meetings with Basit Ali and Mahmood Hamid in Karachi following an alleged brawl between the two, few days ago. Although the two had reconciled, Basit Ali admitted to an intent to physically harm Mahmood Hamid, ” said spokesman of PCB here on Monday.
The Chairman has accordingly withdrawn Basit Ali from the currently
sensitive assignments with the woman's and junior selection committee, he adde.
“However, the Chairman has noted that there would be no general ban on Basit Ali's future coaching assignments with PCB or other teams,” he said.
MOSCOW—Russian President Vladimir Putin, boosted by a landslide re-election win, flexed his nationalist muscles Monday, declaring that he will defend Russia's interests for another six years without an arms race. Putin won his fourth presidential term Sunday with nearly 77 per cent of the vote — his strongest electoral support ever. The result gives Putin new confidence to stand up to the West and deploy Russia's resurgent power on the world stage. “We have no intention of engaging in some kind of arms race,” Putin said, speaking at a meeting with his seven defeated presidential challengers in the Kremlin. “Just the opposite, we will seek to develop constructive relations with other countries. We will do all we can to solve all disputes with our partners using political and diplomatic means.” Read more: Russia extends Vladimir Putin's power for six more years in barely democratic election
Article Continued Below
Russia demands U.K. provide proof of ex-spy poisoning — or apologize Russia expels 23 British diplomats in response to U.K. move as spy-poisoning tensions continue The Russian presidential election came amid escalating Cold War-like tensions, with accusations that Moscow was behind the nerve-agent poisoning this month of a former Russian double agent in Britain and that its internet trolls had waged an extensive campaign to undermine the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Those accusations ultimately bolstered Putin at home among those who see him as their defender against a hostile outside world. Putin's support at the ballot box, accompanied by a heavy turnout at 67 per cent, marked his best electoral performance ever. In previous races, he won 53 per cent of the vote in the 2000 presidential election, 71 per cent in 2004 and 64 per cent in 2012. With 99.8 per cent of the vote counted, the Central Election Commission said Monday that communist Pavel Grudinin came a distant second with 11.9 per cent support. Third was ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky with 5.7 per cent. The only candidate to openly criticize Putin during the campaign, liberal TV host Ksenia Sobchak, won just 1.7 per cent. Putin's most serious rival, opposition leader Alexei Navalny, was barred from running because of a fraud conviction widely seen as politically motivated. It's not clear what effect, if any, Navalny's call for a boycott had on the presidential race. Both he and Sobchak, who had clashed during the campaign, were silent Monday, their future plans unclear. Despite the landslide, Putin still faces enormous challenges. He needs to diversify an economy that is still heavily dependent on oil and gas and to improve medical care and social services in regions far from the cosmopolitan glitter of Moscow. Putin also needs to make a key strategic decision: whether to groom a preferred successor or try to stay at Russia's helm beyond 2024, either by scrapping term limits like China just did or by shifting into a new position of power. When asked if he intends to initiate changes in the Russian constitution that could eliminate term limits, Putin answered that he has no such plans “yet.”
President Vladimir Putin's real challenge in Sunday's presidential election is not winning the race, but getting enough turnout to show the world his victory is legitimate. (The New York Times)
Putin's electoral power has centred on stability, a quality cherished by Russians after the chaotic 1991 breakup of the Soviet Union. But that stability has been bolstered by a suppression of dissent, the withering of independent media and the top-down control of politics in Russia's so-called “managed democracy.” That included heavy pressure on Russian voters to fulfil their “civic duty” and vote Sunday in order to maximize the turnout — even though most could accurately tell you who was going to win the presidential race beforehand. Two election observers in Gorny Shchit, a rural district of Yekaterinburg, told The Associated Press they saw an unusually high influx of people going to the polls just before 2 p.m. A doctor in the Ural mountains city told the AP that was the deadline for health officials to report to their superiors that they had voted. Observer Sergei Krivonogov said voters were taking pictures of leaflets that poll workers distributed, seemingly to prove they had voted. Other examples of Russian election irregularities cited by observers or posted on social media included ballot boxes being stuffed with extra ballots in multiple regions; an election official assaulting an observer; CCTV cameras obscured by flags or nets from watching ballot boxes; discrepancies in ballot numbers; last-minute voter registration changes likely designed to boost turnout; and a huge pro-Putin sign in one polling station. Leaders of the observation mission for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said Monday that the Russian state media's extensive coverage of Putin's activities gave him a significant advantage in the race. “While the incumbent president did not participate in debates or campaigning, extensive and unchallenging news coverage of his official activities continued to provide him with dominant presence in the media,” said Marietta Tidei of the OSCE's Parliamentary Assembly. “A choice without real competition — as we have seen in this election — is not a real choice,” said Michael Georg Link, a co-ordinator of the observer mission. Sergei Klimov, a 32-year-old resident of Yekaterinburg, said he was forced to go to vote but he ended up spoiling his ballot. He added, however, that he didn't see anyone who could challenge Putin. “It's better to be with him than with anyone else,” Klimov said of Putin. “Someone else wouldn't deliver what Putin will deliver.” Tsiya Soskina, a 78-year-old retiree in Yekaterinburg, said she did not go to vote because “they're going to decide everything for me anyway.” “I don't think we should expect anything good from Putin ... but at least there are no upheavals,” she added.
Read more about:
Submitted
Golden Belt Bank has announced the promotion of Brian Cox to assistant vice president of information technology. Cox has served as the network administrator for Golden Belt Bank for over 11 years and brings 19 years of computer systems experience to this role.
Prior to his work with Golden Belt Bank, he served as a systems engineer for the Hutchinson office of Agris Corp. In this position, he designed and installed computer networks for companies throughout the U.S. and Canada.
It's a refrain we all hear every year around September: “I swear, whenever they release a new iPhone, Apple makes all the old ones run worse to make you upgrade.” But thousands of performance tests conducted over the years by Futuremark users show that the conspiracy is mostly in your mind.
If you don't know Futuremark, it's the company behind the benchmark software 3DMark (among others), which for years has been a standby for testing how devices from gaming PCs to phones perform.
3DMark has the device render demanding 3D scenes that stress different parts of the hardware, and tracks how quickly it calculates, how many frames per second it renders and so on. At the end, it combines all those metrics into a single score that's easy to compare between devices or cards.
In the case of the iPhone (for which 3DMark is a free download if you'd like to try it), power users and reviewers run it (and other benchmarks like it) to see whether updates or apps affect their device's performance. Futuremark stores those scores for comparisons like the one released today.
Futuremark's analysts aggregated the last couple years of scores for the iPhone 5s, 6, 6s and 7, to see whether it was true that iOS releases or new iPhones tended to coincide with (or trigger) drops in performance.
It's clear from the data that phones don't seem to degrade in any significant way over time; some do see performance hits with some OS versions, but others see gains. Even the 5s, quite long in the tooth at this point, is only a tiny bit slower than it was a year and a half and two major iOS versions ago.
That said, people may still be perceiving real slowdown, nor can synthetic benchmarks reliably capture things like little delays or input lag that add up to a slow-feeling phone without affecting its pure performance score.
One culprit could be apps themselves; one does tend to install more over time, of course, resulting in more background processes and network calls, less free space and so on. The apps themselves may also be poorly optimized for new iOS versions when they come out, or iOS could include improvements for newer phones that just don't apply to older ones — so your friend's 6s speeds up while your 6 doesn't. (Planned obsolescence, after all, is a conspiracy we've all known about for decades.)
So while the performance hit may not be totally phantasmal, it seems pretty clear that Apple isn't sabotaging your device to make you upgrade. And really, the desire to have the latest model is something Apple users don't need any help with.
Hopefully that puts an end to these unfounded theories… at least, until next year.
Philippines bus crash claims 26 lives
Share
Credit: Stock
At least 26 people were killed and 21 injured when a passenger bus crashed into a deep ravine in the mountainous northern Philippines on Tuesday, authorities said.
The bus plunged about 24 metres (80 feet) in the upland province of Nueva Ecija before noon after its brakes failed while travelling on a winding road, police and local officials said.
"The vehicle is totally wrecked," said senior inspector Robert De Guzman, police chief of the town of Carranglan where the accident occurred. The impact appeared to have ripped the top off the vehicle, he added.
"Almost all of the passengers, both dead and injured, were found outside the bus."
Authorities were still investigating the cause of the accident but Carranglan Mayor Mary Abad told ABS-CBN television there were 60 passengers onboard although the bus had a capacity of only 45.
Abad added the wounded, some of whom sustained critical injuries, were rushed to nearby hospitals.
"The road is really risky. There are many ravines along that road going to Abra," Abad said, referring to the northern province where the bus was headed.
Dr. Arlene Jara, chief of the nearby provincial hospital treating the wounded, said children were among those injured.
President Rodrigo Duterte's spokesman Ernesto Abella expressed condolences to the families of the victims and said those responsible would be held accountable.
Road accidents are common in the Philippines, where old, badly maintained buses often drive on poorly lit roads.
AFP
Rashid A Mughal
OVER 1,100 leading economists sent a letter to President Donald Trump urging the president to reverse course on recent trade tactics — lest the US repeat one of the biggest mistakes of the Great Depression. The letter, drafted by the conservative-leaning National Taxpayers Union, warned that recent tariffs and trade protectionism were harmful to the US economy. The economists cited a 1930 letter that warned Congress against passing the Smoot-Hawley Act, a large package of tariffs that many studies cite as a major reason for the depth of the Great Depression. “Congress did not take economists' advice in 1930, and Americans across the country paid the price,” the letter says. “The undersigned economists and teachers of economics strongly urge you not to repeat that mistake. Much has changed since 1930 — for example, trade is now significantly more important to our economy — but the fundamental economic principles as explained at the time have not.”
The Smoot-Hawley tariffs, much like Trump's measures, were designed as protection for US industries. But they ended up making the situation worse. Included on the new letter are 14 Nobel laureates and economists from across the political spectrum, including former chairs of the Council of Economic Advisers under Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush, and Bill Clinton. The letter also quotes the warnings from the 1930 letter, which warns that tariffs raise prices on consumers, damage industries that rely on trade director or indirectly, hurt the fortunes of American farmers, and lead to retaliatory measures from other countries. The 1930 letter also painted the tariffs as a threat to national security. “Finally, we would urge our Government to consider the bitterness which a policy of higher tariffs would inevitably inject into our international relations,” the 80-year-old letter read. “A tariff war does not furnish good soil for the growth of world peace.” Describing the recent US move to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium products as a “black day for the world and business”. Mackenzie, the CEO of BHP,the largest Metal giant in Australia, told a forum that “BHP will never seek to hide behind trade barriers to shield ourselves from out lack of competitiveness”. “Free trade is self-evidently the lifeblood of the global economy and we expect it to flourish despite the regrettable developments in the United States” he said. “The demand for infrastructure investment in BRI regions is huge”. Many of the countries and regions along the Belt and Road (CPEC) rely on steel imports, which could mean an increased demand of 150m tons of extra steel and a massive windfall for mineral producers, according to BHP estimates.
The US is flowing against the tide of globalization by advocating protectionism to seek its own profits and that will leave itself less room for development. Recently the US government has been threatening to increase tariffs on imported goods, as an act of trade protectionisms and imposing its unreasonable will on other countries. US President Donald Trump holds that his country the world's largest economy is a “victim of free trade” and has been treated unfairly” in the global trade system. Taking such an allegation as a banner, the US sees itself as standing on “a moral high ground”. The US has inappropriately adopted trade protectionisms only to find that its way of solving trade frictions is supported by nobody even its allies. At the recent meeting of the WTO Council for Trade in Goods, the EU, Japan, South Korea and Australia warned that the trade barriers set up by the US will threaten the rules based multilateral trade system. British International Trade Secretary Lian Fox told BBC that British is a firm supporter of the WTO and the country will abide by international trade rules. All these clear responses are undoubtedly a strong blow to the US. Obviously the “national security” excuse is invalid. The purpose of the US is to nakedly protect its industry through increasing tariffs, which is sabotaging the rules for fair trade.
Without rules, there will be no order. As one of the major makers of international trade rules, the US has become an obvious breaker of them judging from what it is doing. It's move has put the world under the threat of being in disorder and made the entire world economy jittery, uncertain, shaky and has disappointed almost all it's friends. “International trade should be established upon rules not strength or power, said former WTO Director General Pascal Lamy, pointing out that the rules based multilateral trade system might need some adjustments, but the prerequisite is to first consolidate it. This is not a recipe for sustained economic growth, especially for the world's largest economy and one that gets 71% of its gross domestic product (GDP) from consumer spending. America can't use credit cards to buy its way to prosperity. The US won't get much help from the rest of the world. The IMF cut its outlook for global growth to 3.8% from previous estimates of four percent. It noted that there is a 38% chance the euro zone, the world's biggest economic region, will fall back into a recession. Economic trajectories for China, Japan, and Russia are also an issue. All of this could seriously damage the US economy. That's because approximately 50% of the public companies that make up the S&P 500 get sales from Europe. Add it up. The stock market is sorely overvalued. The so-called US recovery may have helped make Wall Street wealthier, but it has done little or nothing to benefit common man in the Street. The US economy isn't as strong as we're being told it is and the global economy is in a mess too.
— The writer is former DG (Emigration) and consultant ILO, IOM.
NEW YORK — St. Louis Blues defenceman Alex Pietrangelo, Colorado Avalanche centre Nathan MacKinnon and Toronto Maple Leafs goaltender Curtis McElhinney have been named the NHL's three stars for the week ending Sunday.
Pietrangelo led the NHL with nine points (three goals, six assists) in four games to power the Blues to a 3-1-0 week and within one point of the final playoff spot in the Western Conference.
Pietrangelo shares first in goals and is 10th in points among NHL defenceman with 15 goals and 35 assists in 68 games.
MacKinnon had six goals and two assists in four games as the Avalanche went 3-1-0 to climb into the first wild-card spot in the Western Conference, including a two-goal, one-assist performance in a 5-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings on Sunday.
DeGraff Stables Offers Valentine's Week Special
If you're looking to book your mare to an amazing stallion this breeding season, here's a special offer from DeGraff Stables that you won't want to miss! Book two mares or grab a friend and book together – Both people will get the stallion's World Show Booking Special!
So, don't hesitate, you must book by Sunday, February 19th!
Contact us for details regarding our Championship Line Up: One Hot Krymsun, Frosty The Goodbar, iFIESTA FUDGE!, Caribbean Touchdown, Red White N Good, HBF Iron Man, Invite The Artist or DGS IndyGo.
Collections are Monday, Wednesday, Friday or Saturdays are available by appointment. Visit www.DeGraffStables.com , email Robin at robin@whatiwork4.com or call on her cell at 419.573.9098 if you have any questions. We look forward to working with you for that fantastic 2018 Foal!
ESPN, which cited a copy of the toxicology report, said Woods had Hydrocodone, the generic form of a painkiller branded as Vicodin; Hydromorphone, a painkiller known as Dilaudid; Alprazolam, a mood and sleep drug known as Xanax; Zolpidem, a sleep drug known as Ambien; and Delta-9 carboxy THC, the active ingredient in marijuana, in his system.
It is not known if Woods had prescriptions for all of the medications. Medical marijuana is legal in Florida.
A request made by Reuters to the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office for a copy of the toxicology report was not returned.
Woods, who is second on the all-time list with 14 major titles, checked into a clinic in June for treatment to help deal with prescription drugs.
He said last month he had completed treatment.
"As I previously said, I received professional help to manage my medications," Woods said in a statement.
"Recently, I had been trying on my own to treat my back pain and a sleep disorder, including insomnia, but I realise now it was a mistake to do this without medical assistance.
"I am continuing to work with my doctors, and they feel I've made significant progress. I remain grateful for the amazing support that I continue to receive and for the family and friends that are assisting me."
Police found Woods stopped on the side of a Palm Beach-area road in his Mercedes-Benz at about 3 a.m. (0700 GMT) on May 29.
He had "extremely slow and slurred speech" after being awakened by a police officer but was cooperative and told officers he takes several prescriptions, including Xanax, according to a police report.
Woods, who had been heading away from his home, could not remember where he was going and told police he was returning from Los Angeles.
A blood test showed he had the painkiller Vicodin and the antidepressant Xanax in his system but no alcohol. He was charged with driving under the influence and improperly stopping his vehicle.
In a statement after his arrest, Woods apologised to fans and blamed the incident on prescription medication he was taking to manage pain from a recent back surgery.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Dear Abby: I am in an interracial relationship with a guy whose parents don't support our being together because I'm from a different race and culture than he is. Our countries of origin were antagonistic in the past.
When his parents tell him to break off relations with me, he listens patiently and defends his affection for me. He does not, however, really speak up for me or point out how unfair their prejudice is, given that they've never even met me.
This is my first interracial relationship. My parents don't have a problem with it.
Is it too much to ask my boyfriend to speak up the next time his parents lecture him?
Undefended In The South
Dear Undefended: Not knowing your boyfriend, his parents or how they relate to one another, I can't judge whether he should challenge them any further than he is already. I think it would be a mistake for you to try to script him. You didn't mention how long you two have been involved, but if the relationship continues, they may — at some point — mellow.
Dear Abby: You and your readers may consider my problem trivial, but to me it's really irritating. My wife, who is in her early 60s, has the figure of a 40-year-old. She's a great lover, fabulous cook, wonderful mother to our four children and warms my heart when I see her enter the room.
The problem is, my teeth are spaced rather far apart, and food gets stuck between them. After every meal, I need to use a toothpick, yet she refuses to put toothpicks — even in an attractive container — on the table. She says they will just collect dust and are not pretty. On top of that, she refuses to allow a pill container for my vitamins or heart medicine.
I would never leave her over this, but what can I do with this stubborn, but otherwise wonderful woman?
Pick-Less in Pennsylvania
Dear Pick-less: Your nearly perfect wife may prefer that you pick your teeth somewhere other than at the table, and would like you to take your medications elsewhere, as well. While it would be nice if she were more solicitous, you may have to appreciate her for the other fine qualities you mentioned, because it doesn't appear that she's going to budge to accommodate you.
Dear Abby: I have a 39-year-old daughter I'll call “Angela” who attracts unsavory underground types — thieves, druggies, homeless — wherever she lives. My husband and I recently decided to move to Mexico because we are both retired. My husband and son are driving his vehicle, and I am driving my own.
My husband asked me if I wanted to invite Angela to drive with me. I'm afraid if I do, she may decide to stay with us after we arrive, and more of those unsavory types will start coming around. Should I not worry about it? I'm in need of practical advice.
Retiree In The West
Dear Retiree: You are making a new start. My “'practical advice”' is to follow your better judgment and resist the urge to invite your daughter to accompany you on the journey.
Contact Dear Abby at DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w7Zs2E
JEDDAH – A number of economic experts have identified nine factors to drive unemployment rate down and stimulate the private sector to generate various job opportunities for young men and women.
Giving support to small- and medium-scale enterprises in order to hire Saudis is one of these factors. Others include creating consortiums and alliances, eradicating tasattur practices, offering training programs to college students, requiring mega companies to train 20 percent of Saudi staff in them in order to fill senior and leading positions, establishing a unified government agency to provide various services to businesses, expanding business line of mega companies and venturing into new markets, providing job security to Saudis and exempting firms from the latest government decisions. The experts agree that these factors will reduce unemployment rate by five percent annually, Al-Madinah reported.
Dr. Abdullah Al-Maghlouth, a member of the Saudi Economic Association, said the Ministry of Labor and Social Development's statistics showed a 12.1 percent increase in the unemployment rate in the third quarter of 2016.
“The private sector should be encouraged to create jobs as this is the only way to reduce unemployment rate and keep it at an average level,” he said.
Dr. Salim Ba Ajaja, the chair of Economics School, Taif University, said one of the best solutions to this problem is to train college and technical institute graduates.
Scotland is leading the way in tackling knife crime and is now being held up as a role model for others to follow.
To try to combat the growing scourge of knife crime in our country, in 2008 the Scottish Parliament decided to treat the problem as a public health issue.
Delivering the campaign...for NKBL for the past five years, senior development officer Jane Dailly.
It has since invested almost £9 million in Police Scotland's Violence Reduction Unit, which has seen a 64 per cent drop in handling offensive weapons in the last decade.
The Scottish Government has also ploughed £3.4 million into the hugely successful No Knives, Better Lives project since 2009.
This joined-up approach has been lauded by campaigners in England and Wales which are now facing their own knives crisis.
Jane Dailly, No Knives, Better Lives (NKBL) senior development officer, is delighted Scotland is receiving plaudits for its work in tackling the issue.
Tragic death...of Aberdeen schoolboy Bailey Gwynne (16) in 2015 and the subsequnt Lowe Report into his death resulted in a change of attitude from some schools; they are now more than happy to deliver the No Knives, Better Lives campaign message.
She said: “Our public health approach to knife crime is being seen as a success story down south.
“It's nice for us to be celebrated in that way.”
But what does NKBL actually do?
Jane is employed by Youth Link Scotland, the national agency for youth work, which delivers the NKBL programme on behalf of the Scottish Government.
Every year, she trains around 300 teachers, youth workers and peer educators to deliver knife crime prevention courses in Scotland's schools.
NKBL has reached tens of thousands of youngsters since 2009. And the results speak for themselves.
Jane said: “The recorded incidents of young people carrying offensive weapons in the last ten years has dropped by 80 per cent.
“In a broader context, the huge reduction in violent crime in Scotland also shows we are looking at a wider cultural change.
“The public health approach to tackling knife crime is a partnership with several agencies, including NKBL, the Violence Reduction Unit and Medics Against Violence, which helps young people stay safe by giving them an understanding of the consequences of violence.
“All of us working together has made a really positive impact.”
Jane is keen to steer away from negative images of hooded youngsters brandishing knives.
So NKBL is working to develop a series of stock images which do not promote that stereotype.
When training, she also advises against using knives to drive the message home.
Explaining why, she said: “One thing we have learned over the years is that if you make knife carrying seem like a bigger problem than it actually is, you can potentially exacerbate it.
“The police used to use the shock approach, taking an array of knives into classes which had been collected from around Scotland.
“But that could make young people fearful.
“The two reasons young people carry knives is due to fear/protection and because they think everyone else is.”
So NKBL has developed new ways to deliver its knife crime prevention message.
Its Instagram site, set up five months ago, has more than 1000 followers. And the project recently developed The Balisong, a play which has been performed at more than 60 schools. It is hoped it will be performed in many more this year.
Jane said: “It tells the story of three friends who have brought a butterfly knife to school.
“It is a unique and powerful way to engage with young people about the risks and consequences of carrying a knife and the challenge of speaking up.
“After one of the shows, a pupil reported someone who was carrying a knife in school so it is making a difference.”
The tragic death of Aberdeen schoolboy Bailey Gwynne (16) in 2015 and the subsequent Lowe Report into his death also saw a change in attitude from schools.
The report found his death was “potentially avoidable” if other pupils had told teachers his killer was carrying a knife.
Jane added: “When we were trying to promote the programme, schools would quite often say: it's not an issue for us.
“But that changed quite dramatically after the report.
“Much like alcohol and drugs, it's something schools now want to tackle and talk about as a matter of course.
“Knife crime doesn't conform to where a school is situated – it can happen anywhere.”
Statistics show 80 children packed a knife into their schoolbag last year
Text books, homework, packed lunch, gym shoes – the usual items you'd expect to find in any child's school bag.
But 80 school pupils also packed a knife or item with a blade from April to December 2017, according to Police Scotland.
Since April 2017, the Scottish Crime Recording Board allowed the specific crime of possessing an offensive weapon with a blade or point in schools to be identified in the National Statistics on Recorded Crime.
Unfortunately, that means there are no comparison figures.
However, a Scottish Government spokesman said: “It is important these statistics are seen in the overall context of a 64 per cent reduction in crimes of handling offensive weapons in the last decade.
“The decision to specifically record offences of possession of weapons in schools was in order to support efforts to make Scotland's schools safer.
“We continue to work with schools and local authorities on anti-violence campaigns and curriculum programmes.”
It is illegal to sell knives or similar products to anyone under the age of 18 in Scotland or to sell kitchen knives or cutlery to anyone under 16.
* The Scottish Government consulted Police Scotland, teaching unions and leaders and Medics Against Violence – there was no support for a new search power to be given to teachers.
The promise of flying cars has been around for decades, and Slovakia's AeroMobil will show us its closest interpretation of said promise in a few days.
Building upon its version 3.0 prototype unveiled in 2014, AeroMobil's latest design will show its face at the 2017 Top Marques Monaco which opens its doors on Thursday.
The company didn't provide many specifics regarding its updated, flying people mover but provided images which show a slightly reworked design over the 3.0 prototype.
As for technical information, we can only work with what we know was supposedly "production ready" with the previous 3.0 prototype. A Rotax 912 four-cylinder air-cooled engine provided 100 horsepower and a top speed of 124 mph in the air. A speed of 99 mph was possible on pavement.
The 3.0 prototype was also claimed to be relatively fuel efficient by achieving 35.3 mpg on the road and would sip 4 gallons per hour in the air. Whether improvements in the power and fuel consumption are present will likely wait until the debut in a few short days.
While the specs sound achievable, it remains to be seen if the Slovakian firm will actually be able to lift off into reality. AeroMobil has been promising a production, flying car for some time, but after a prototype crashed mid-flight in 2015, confidence has been anything but high. There are also a number of other companies trying their hand at creating flying cars and drones to carry passengers to and fro, the most recent being E-Volo with its 2X multicopter, which may also house autonomous capabilities.
For now, we'll stick to the proven ways of rubber meeting pavement for our daily transportation means.
Jonathan Chait: “The Republican Party has used health care to its advantage for the last seven years by following the same strategy: advocating an alternative plan that does not and cannot exist. During this entire time, President Obama has held power. This has afforded them the luxury of posturing against the status quo — and, indeed, doing everything in their power, at both the federal and the state level, to make it worse. Republicans could denounce the messy negotiations in Congress, and then the messy reality of American health care, while promising that giving them power would let them start over and design a new reform that would protect everybody without having any objectionable features.”
“After the election unexpectedly put them in full control of government, I predicted they would follow a ‘repeal and delay' plan, because it is the only way to keep the lie going. The closer they get to taking action, the more clear it becomes to Republicans that their own propaganda has trapped them and given them no escape. Railing against Obamacare was easy, but the responsibilities of power have taken all the fun out of denying medical care to the poor and sick.”
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, Va. - The trial for a former Virginia Tech student accused of illegally having an assault rifle has been delayed.
Yunsong Zhao's trial was scheduled to start Wednesday but was continued until this summer because Zhao wasn't in court.
More Headlines
His attorney said Zhao is in the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and they didn't transport him to Montgomery County for Wednesday's court date.
Police arrested the former freshman in January on felony weapons charges.
Zhao is now suing Virginia Tech and police, saying they violated his rights.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Governor Godwin Obaseki of Edo state on Monday swore in 19 female aides at the Government House in Benin City, the state capital. He called on the aides to use the position to advance the course of women in the state, adding that they make up more than 50 percent of the population.
According to Obaseki, no state that wants to experience rapid growth will ignore the input of women.“Women represent 50 per cent if not more of our population. There must be more women representation in everything we do if we want progress and development,” he said.
"I need 19 sets of eyes to help me see and identify what is happening with women across the state. Women are powerful economic units and social mobilisers who can change our society.“We should create the avenue to reach out to them, know what they are going through and not only to use them for political gains. We need to support them to do more for themselves.
"I want to know what is happening to our women in the market, hospitals, their children's education and issues that relate to human trafficking in your local government areas.”
HOBOKEN, N.J. (AP) -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 8:00 pm |
Hoboken Terminal in Hoboken, N.J. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens)
Hoboken's more than 100-year-old rail terminal will be the site of track repairs similar to those performed last summer at New York's Penn Station that forced service cutbacks around the region.
The Port Authority on Thursday approved about $30 million for the work in an area where two tunnels feed into three station tracks. It's similar, though on a much smaller scale, to work done by Amtrak last summer at Penn Station in New York City.
Officials don't know the extent to which service could be disrupted by the work, which is scheduled to begin in 2019. The terminal handles about 30,000 people per day on trains operated by the Port Authority.
The Hoboken interlocking is about 20 years old and nearing the end of its useful life. It was damaged by saltwater by Superstorm Sandy in 2012, when the Hudson River overflowed and sent as much as 8 feet of water gushing onto the track and platform areas.
The Penn Station repairs, prompted by derailments and other track and signal problems, involved an area where trains emerge from a tunnel under the Hudson River and are routed to the station's 21 tracks.
Quetta
Balochistan Minister for Education Tahir Mahmood Khan said incumbent government was taking all possible measures for elimination of unemployment from the province. While talking to APP here on Monday he said about 8000 vacant posts would be filled on merit in education department to improve quality of education in rural areas of province.
“The education is key for development of every society. The provincial government was working day and night for progress and development of Balochistan,” he said. Tahir Mehmood said China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project would provide lots of opportunities to the masses.
He said the government has taken various steps to ensure resolution of the problems being faced by masses including provision of water, better health and education facilities across the province. The minister said that the efforts were underway by the government to maintain peace in the province.—APP
John Longmire wants Nick Smith and any other Sydney defender to back themselves against Eddie Betts. (AAP)
Sydney coach John Longmire says whoever plays on star Adelaide forward Eddie Betts needs to back himself.
John Longmire wants Nick Smith and any other Sydney defender to back themselves when they're trying to stop Eddie Betts.
Smith has had some success against the Adelaide star and is likely to start on him in Friday night's AFL blockbuster at Adelaide Oval.
While Betts is the best small forward in the AFL and is seventh in the Coleman Medal race, the last few weeks have shown he is not unstoppable.
First-year Essendon player Andy McGrath kept Betts goalless on Saturday night and the same happened to the genius goalsneak in the round-18 win over Geelong.
In between, Betts had his appendix removed and returned to kick four goals in the blowout Showdown win over Port Adelaide.
Betts has kicked 45 goals this season and at home, in such a big game, is a massive threat.
Asked if Smith would start on Betts, Longmire said: "that would be a reasonable assumption.
"Any of our back six who go to him will have their hands full.
"You can't afford to switch off (against) Eddie Betts - his mind is thinking a million miles an hour, every second of the game.
"But it's also understanding that you need to be confident in what you do as a team, as an individual playing on him.
"You can stick to what you know works ... trying to apply that to the best of your ability."
While the first-placed Crows will start favourites, Sydney have won 12 of the last 14 matches.
The Swans are now fifth and breathing down the necks of fourth-placed Richmond.
Longmire said captain Josh Kennedy trained well on Monday and is set to return from two matches out with a hamstring problem, provided he proves his fitness at Wednesday training.
The same applies to young defender Nic Newman, who had Sydney worried when he hyperextended his right knee in Sydney's cakewalk against Fremantle.
Longmire said Newman had pulled up better than expected.
Theresa May's announcement has just finished. There will be a vote in the House of Commons tomorrow – a two thirds majority is required to call a General Election. Labour have said they would back this, but they could perhaps thwart the timetable if they wished.
May's theme seemed to be that the opposition parties and the Lords were getting in her way and weakened her ability to do the job, and to negotiate in Europe. Quite how a majority in the Commmons is not good enough, reflects more I think on her leadership. And, frankly, if this opposition is too much for her… I guess Turkey is an inspiration to her.
More to follow
* Joe Otten is a councillor in Sheffield and Tuesday editor of Liberal Democrat Voice.
Published:
Share This
Vice President, Prof, Yemi Osinbajo, said, yesterday, that whereas ex-President Goodluck Jonathan's administration spent only N153 billion on infrastructure in the three years preceding 2014, N150 billion was shared in just two weeks before 2015 elections.Osinbajo, who stated this at the 7th Presidential Quarterly Business Forum for private sector stakeholders at the Conference Centre, Old Banquet Hall, Presidential Villa, Abuja, also noted that corruption had not been completely dealt with by Presient Muhammadu Buhari's administrations.Describing corruption as a cankerworm that had become systemic in the country, he said: “I do not think that any consideration about our economic development can be properly and honestly done without fully analyzing corruption, especially grand corruption, in the public finance space.“You see that despite record high levels of oil prices, very little was invested in infrastructure and a record level of leakages was recorded in the past few years. This is the fundamental issue in our economy.‘'Corruption affects everything. It affects even judgement as to what sort of infrastructure to put in place or whether infrastructure will ever be complete. It is so fundamental that we can't even think of our economy without thinking of what to do about it.“Sometimes when we talk about our economy, we talk about the fact that we have relied on single commodity and that is one of the reasons we are where we are. Yes, that's quite true but the fact is that proceeds from that single commodity were regularly hijacked consistently by a few. ‘'That is really the problem. If we had spent the proceeds from that single commodity the way we ought to, we won't be where we are today.Most of the proceeds went to rent seekers in the industry and production. “For example, I am sure many of us are familiar with the so-called Strategic Alliance Contract with the NNPC and NDDC. The promoters of the companies made away with close to $3 billion, almost a tenth of our reserves. ‘'There is no way, if someone made away with a tenth of your reserves, that you will not have a major economic shock. And if we don't deal with it, if we don't talk about it, how will we be able to discuss our economy in a real honest way, with a view to ensuring that these things do not happen again?“In one single transaction, a few weeks to the 2015 elections, sums of a $100,289 million were just frittered away by a few. When you consider that in 2014, as the Minister of Finance has said, that oil price was an average of $110 a barrel and only N99 billion was spent on power, works and housing and when we talk about the economy, we talk as if these are normal by every standard.“Nobody should talk about the economy when you have this kind of huge leakages and huge corruption, corruption that completely makes nonsense of even what you are allocating to capital projects. He further stated that when the government was committed in fighting corruption because of the systematic problem, corruption always fought back.Osinbajo said: “I am not saying that corruption under this administration has been completely dealt with, no, certainly not. Where corruption has become systematic such as we have in our country today, you cannot deal with it in one fell swoop; it is not possible. “In any event, you still have a lot of corruption fighting back. The system fights back and its both an internal and external fight back and you have to be steadfast and strategic to win the battle.“There is no way that you have a system such as ours that has consistently thrived on corruption and proceeds of corruption and public financing in particular, that will give up and say guys, the problem has been solved. No. “It is a system that feeds on corruption and it affects all aspects of governance, so trying to deal with it is certainly not a walk in the pack.“But I want to say that that task has already begun and that task is being done consistently and I believe that going forward in the next few years, no matter how we are criticized, if we stick to policy, especially controlling excesses and corruption in public finance, this country will make the kind of progress that it deserves to make with all the resources at our disposal.''-Vanguard
KB Financial Group said Wednesday it has opened a third bank branch in Cambodia in the latest move to strengthen its business in the Southeast Asian country.
The opening of the KB Kookmin Bank branch earlier in the day drew some 100 local and South Koreans, including KB Financial Chairman Yoon Jong-kyoo, according to KB Financial.
KB Financial Chairman Yoon Jong-kyoo (2nd from left) attends a ribbon-cutting ceremony at the opening of the third branch of KB Kookmin Bank in Toul Tom Poung in southwestern Phnom Penh on Feb. 15, 2016. The photo was provided by KB Financial Group. (Yonhap)
The South Korean banking giant said the third branch is located in Toul Tom Poung, a middle-class neighborhood in the southwestern area of the capital city of Phnom Penh.KB Kookmin Bank said it has two other branches in Phnom Penh and its key strategy is to lend money to entrepreneurs in the emerging market. (Yonhap)
The banking and financial services sector in the region are adapting fast to both global and regional economic challenges and new opportunities, Al Ghurair said. Although the banks in the region have remained resilient to the financial crisis and the more recent oil price decline, he said banks are facing sharp increase in cost of doing business from various global compliance requirements.
“Irrespective of the fact whether you are a local, regional or global bank, the overall compliance costs have been increasing. The impact of regulatory costs linked to US FATCA (foreign account tax compliance act), IFRS 9 (International Financial Reporting Standards) and rising capital requirements are universal and banks are challenged to look at innovative ways to make their business models viable under the fast changing regulatory environment,” he said. Fintech and digital banking opportunities, according to A Ghurair will help to rationalise costs and deliver products and services more efficiently. While a number of banks in the region are fast embracing fintech and digital opportunities. “Fintech entry is challenging in terms to costs and technology adoption but the opportunities are massive as millennials want their financial service to be delivered on digital platforms of their choice. With that increasingly becoming the norm, for banks in the region, digitisation is no longer an option,” said Al Ghurair. Unbanked segments Financial services industry in the region, he said is in the early stages of massive transformation with cashless transactions becoming a norm than an exception and banks individually and collectively seeking to increase customer satisfaction. “In the UAE, on both these fronts we are making serious efforts under the leadership of UBF. While the UAE Mobile Wallet project aims to eliminate cash transactions with such services extended to tourists and unbanked segments of the society, serious efforts are undertaken to measure customer satisfaction and offer proactive solutions,” he said. Unethical practices in the past have resulted in some amount of trust deficit in the banking sector Al Ghurair said self-regulation and active involvement of regulators in banking practices and incentive structures are expected to boost people's trust. The oil price decline is also changing the ways in which governments, government related entities and private companies approach financing. While a number of privatisation plans are in the pipeline, a number of government owned entities (GREs) from the region are exploring IPO opportunities and debt funding. “Under the new environment, private sector entities, especially family owned businesses are likely to seek funding through equity capital markets. I believe this is a huge opportunity to expand our capital markets while offering businesses to raise equity financing,” said Al Ghurair. More from Economy Law on dissolving Dubai Economic Council
GGICO announces losses for 2016
VAT in the UAE: When registration will kick off
A top broker posts Dh4.5m net loss in 2016
Oculus wants VR to bring its users into magical worlds dreamed up by game developers, but the company also needs people to see the headset as a way to access the far corners of the real world alongside others.
The Oculus Venues app is launching today for the company's standalone Go headset, as well as the Gear VR. Venue marks a central hub for live events on the service, putting users in a shared social space to watch sporting events, concerts and shows. Facebook isn't setting up cameras at these events, rather, they're working with partners to put on these events, including NextVR, AEG, the MLB and Lionsgate.
The app was announced earlier this month at Facebook's F8 developer conference, but Venues wasn't quite ready for primetime. Today, Oculus is sharing the first chunk of events, all scheduled for the summer, and it seems pretty robust.
Events include concerts with artists like Chromeo, movie screenings of films like Reservoir Dogs, MLB games and soccer matches, as well as plenty of comedy shows. For the most part, events seem spaced out every couple of days or so, but this is still a lot of VR content for headset owners coming from the service's first few partners.
The first event is a Vance Joy concert tonight at 7:30 PST. Here's a full list below, but it's tiny so break out the spectacles.
× Women detail sexual allegations against Trump
WASHINGTON– A group of women who have publicly accused President Donald Trump of sexual harassment and assault detailed their accounts of being groped, fondled and forcibly kissed by the businessman-turned-politician at a news conference on Monday.
“This was serial misconduct and perversion on the part of Mr. Trump. Unfortunately, this behavior isn't rare in our society, and people of all backgrounds can be victims. The only reason I am here today is that this offender is now the President of our country,” said Rachel Crooks, a former Bayrock Group receptionist who accused Trump of kissing her on the mouth without her consent in 2005.
The firsthand accounts come as a public conversation on sexual assault and harassment — spurred by a series of accusations against high-profile figures in politics, Hollywood and journalism — rages throughout the United States. Brave New Films, a production company that realized a film on the women who have accused Trump of sexual assault, will host the event.
At least 13 women have come forward with accusations against Trump ranging from sexual harassment and misconduct to sexual assault, including unwanted kissing and groping. All the alleged incidents took place prior to his assuming the presidency.
The accusers include Temple Taggart, the former Miss Utah USA who accused Trump of kissing her on the lips in 1997; Mindy McGillivray, who accused Trump of grabbing her butt at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida in 2003 and Crooks.
Trump has vehemently denied the accusations and while his top spokeswoman wouldn't go on the record Monday, Sarah Sanders has previously said the White House's position is that all the women are lying.
“Yeah, we have been clear on that from the beginning and the President has spoken on it,” Sanders said in October.
“The President has spoken about this multiple times throughout the campaign and has denied all of those allegations,” Sanders said in November.
Trump opened the floodgates of accusations against him during the 2016 campaign when he downplayed the release of a 2005 “Access Hollywood” video that showed him saying he was able to “grab them by the p**sy” because he was famous.
Trump downplayed his remarks as nothing more than “locker room talk” at the second presidential debate and said he never kissed or groped women without consent.
But not all those close to the President have been so dismissive.
US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said Sunday that women who accuse a man of inappropriate sexual behavior — including Trump — “should be heard.”
“Well, I mean, you know, the same thing, is women who accuse anyone should be heard,” Haley said when asked specifically about Trump's accusers. “They should be heard and they should be dealt with. And I think we heard from them prior to the election. And I think any woman who has felt violated or felt mistreated in any way, they have every right to speak up.”
The renewed focus on Trump's accusers comes as Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore fights to win a reliably Republican seat, despite accusations he pursued relationships with teenagers, including molesting a 14-year-old and sexually assaulting a 16-year-old when he was in his 30s. Moore has denied all the allegations.
Trump has stood by Moore despite the accusations and has raised questions about the women who have leveled the charges. Trump traveled to Florida — just miles from the Alabama border — to rally support for the Senate candidate and has repeatedly tweeted about the need to back Moore and keep his Democratic opponent Doug Jones out of the Senate.
Two Democratic senators — Cory Booker of New Jersey and Jeff Merkley of Oregon — called for Trump to resign over the multiple accusations of sexual harassment and sexual assault against him.
The calls come days after Sen. Al Franken, a Minnesota Democrat, announced his intention to resign over accusations of sexual assault.
“I just watched Sen. Al Franken do the honorable thing and resign from his office,” Booker said. “My question is, why isn't Donald Trump doing the same thing — who has more serious allegations against him, with more women who have come forward. The fact pattern on him is far more damning than the fact pattern on Al Franken.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
HANOVER TWP. — A 16-year-old girl died after a crash in Hanover Township on Saturday night.
The Luzerne County Coroner's Office identifed the victim as Jasmine Cardona, 16, of Plymouth.
She was one of four teenaged occupants in the car that veered off South Main Street and struck a utility pole on Saturday night.
The coroner's office said Jasmine was a passenger in the vehicle and died as a result of multiple traumatic injuries at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medica Center in Plains Twp. after the crash. Her manner of death, like the crash itself, remains under police investigation.
Hanover Township Police Chief Albert Walker offered few details on the crash Monday morning, but did confirm that all four occupants of the vehicle at the time were teenagers.
Township police continue to investigate the crash that occurred around 11 p.m. on South Main Street near Strand Street in the Lee Park section of town. Police said the vehicle was traveling south and crossed into the northbound lane before striking a utility pole.
The car stopped in an open field and all of the occupants were taken by ambulance to hospitals, police said in a release.
Anyone who witnessed the crash can call Hanover Twp. police at 570-825-1254.
Fourth-seeded Timea Babos beat Wang Yafan 6-3, 6-4 Saturday to advance to the final of the Taiwan Open.
Babos claimed her first win in three matches against Wang and will face Kateryna Kozlova in Sunday's final.
Editor's Picks Djokovic had 'medical intervention' on elbow Twelve-time Grand Slam champion Novak Djokovic says he had a "small medical intervention" on his troublesome right elbow.
Davis Cup: Australia, Germany tied after Day 1 Nick Kyrgios won in straight sets over Jan-Lennard Struff to help Australia draw even with Germany after the first day of World Group first-round matches. 1 Related
Kozlova eliminated Sabine Lisicki, earning a 7-5, 6-4 victory to reach her first WTA singles final.
Babos took both sets behind 24 winners, including seven aces. The Hungarian also won far more points on her second serve than Wang -- 54 to 38 percent.
Kozlova had 18 winners and only 13 unforced errors against Lisicki, whose 32 winners were offset by 31 unforced errors and six double faults.
Planet, the company that recently acquired Google's satellite Earth imaging business, just pulled off another monumental feat – launching 88 satellites into orbit at once, as part of the largest satellite payload on record with a total of 104 aboard an Indian Space Research Organization rocket. The launch also cements Planet's leadership as a private satellite constellation operator: its 149 total satellites now represents the largest fleet in space operated by a commercial entity.
Why does Planet even want that honor? Because its goal as a company is to image the entirety of the Earth's land mass every single day, and to do that, it estimated in 2011 when it set out to achieve this mission that it would need between 100 and 150 satellites to make that happen. Now, with 144 of its satellites in orbit engaged in this task, it has reached that threshold.
Planet's own satellite imaging business has involved miniaturization of satellite tech, as well as growing the scale of its manufacturing operation to meet its needs. It's also built the second largest network of privately operated ground stations, which receive data from the satellites it owns circling the earth.
The company's 88 additional units will autonomously come online over the course of the next three months in order to contribute to the imaging effort. Planet's business previously focused exclusively on mid-resolution imaging, but with the acquisition of Google's Terra Bella business it now also will offer high resolution capture. That company's five satellites obviously can't match the pace of Planet's 144-strong constellation of mid-res imagers, however, but now the company can offer both timely imaging data of good quality, and more delayed, but much higher resolution information, both of which appeal to different markets.
Featured Image: ISRO
Three people have been hurt after a gas explosion destroyed a house and damaged several others.
Everybody has been accounted for after the blast, which led to the evacuation of dozens of properties in Birstall, north of Leicester.
Nearby homeowners described being woken up by a huge “bang” which shook doors and windows.
Leicestershire Fire Service said one semi-detached property had been “involved in gas explosion”.
A neighbouring property also partially collapsed and six other properties had been affected, it said, adding that no fire or smell of gas had been reported.
Carol Cooke, who lives on nearby Wanlip Lane, told the Press Association she was woken by an “almighty bang” at about 7.30am.
She said: “I thought something had happened in the house, then we just heard lots of sirens and saw emergency services going up our street.”
Ms Cooke, 46, added: “Hearing the bang was not nice, it was very scary. It's very shocking news, we are praying for the families involved.”
Sarah Carr, of Halfpenny Close, about a mile from Allington Drive, added: “I thought it was a car crash, the whole house and doors shook.
“It sounded really loud, like it was right outside my house. I then saw the air ambulance and police helicopter.”
Steve Ballinger of Leicestershire Fire Service said everyone had now been accounted for.
He said: “Three people have been injured and they are on their way to hospital.
“There has been one total collapse and one partial collapse. Houses 51 to 81 and 42 to 64 on Allington Drive have been evacuated.”
All those evacuated have been asked to go to the village hall and locals have been asked by Charnwood Council to help by taking blankets.
Leicestershire Police said investigations into the cause of the damage were in their “very early stages”.
Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce (left) speaks to Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull during House of Representatives Question Time (AAP)
Senior Turnbull ministers are accusing Labor leader Bill Shorten of trying to 'bring down' the government in a 'conspiracy' with the New Zealand Labour party.
It comes as the Turnbull government loses the guarantee of confidence and vote on key supply bills from an independent senator.
The government's woes have been exacerbated by the revelation that Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce holds dual citizenship from his New Zealand-born father.
Dual citizens cannot be elected to parliament under the Constitution.
RELATED READING Explainer: How did Section 44 land five senators in trouble over citizenship? What law caught out senators Scott Ludlam, Larissa Waters, Matthew Canavan, Malcolm Roberts and Barnaby Joyce?
NZ Labour MP Chris Hipkins, in a parliamentary question last week, asked the NZ internal affairs minister whether a child born in Australia to a Kiwi father would automatically have citizenship. He's yet to receive an answer.
NZ Labour leader Jacinda Ardern said an Australian Labor MP had put questions to him.
"He's been very clear: Yes, someone from the ALP put some legal question to him around citizenship, no mention was made of anyone's name, no rationale for any particular case being pursued was ever raised," she told radio NZ.
Jumping on that comment, Cabinet minister Christopher Pyne accused Labor of forming a plot.
“The Labor party is involved in a conspiracy using a foreign government in this case, New Zealand to try and bring down the Australian government,” he told Sky News.
“Labor never stoop too low.”
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop accused Mr Shorten of “using a foreign political party to raise serious allegations” on Mr Joyce's citizenship, designed to “undermine confidence in the Australian government”.
“This is highly unethical,” she said.
The revelation put the relationship of the Australian and New Zealand governments at risk, she added.
“New Zealand is facing an election. Should there be a change of Government, I would find it very hard to build trust with those involved in allegations designed to undermine the Government of Australia.”
However, earlier, New Zealand's internal affairs minister Peter Dunne said questions from journalists, not an MP, were the trigger for the citizen check on Barnaby Joyce.
"This is so much utter nonsense - while Hipkins' questions were inappropriate, they were not the instigator. Australian media inquiries were," Mr Dunne tweeted on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, Queensland MP Bob Katter says he is no longer guaranteeing confidence and supply in the government.
“Absolutely, it's back to the drawing board,” he told Sky News.
Mr Katter, along with fellow independents Cathy McGowan and Andrew Wilkie all indicated they would guarantee supply and confidence to the Turnbull government after the 2016 federal election.
The development does not yet endanger the government, but could potentially if it loses its one-seat majority.
Confidence and supply - voting for the Government's budget legislation - are crucial in a minority government.
By convention if the government lost a no-confidence motion in the House of Representatives, it usually requires the government to resign.
Barnaby Joyce 'shellshocked' by NZ citizenship.
The loss of Mr Joyce's seat in parliament would leave the Turnbull government with 75 seats in the lower house, one short of a majority, meaning it would need the support of one of five crossbenchers to ensure supply and confidence.
Mr Katter indicated he would support any government that would back regional interests.
- With AAP
Dr. Doyin Okupe, former Senior Special Assistant on Public Affairs to ex-President Goodluck Jonathan, said that Accord Party is the only hope for political development Nigeria as APC and PDP have expired.
Recall that Okupe dumped the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) for the Accord Party last July. According to him, he wants to belong to a political party that will "be able to publicly state it's position on troubling national issues"
Addressing the party's delegates at the 2017 South West stakeholders' summit held in Ibadan, Oyo State on Thursday, Okupe said the APC and PDP have failed to deliver democratic dividends to the citizens, and as such leaving Accord Party as the best alternative for the people.
"The Peoples Democratic Party and the Progressives Congress are big trucks which old age and misuse has affected their relevance," he said.
"Today, the PDP and APC have expired as a party. PDP as an automobile has spoilt its back aisle while APC crank shaft has broken "Accord is the only hope for political development in Nigeria.
This party is for Nigerian youths to achieve their lofty dreams and ambition of managing their own affairs in this country.
I am old and not interested in any office again. Nigerian youths can be whatever they want to be in Accord "You don't need the so much touted experience, myself and some elders here will teach you on the job to master it.
Youths cannot be allowed to flourish in either PDP or APC but we'll provide the necessary platform to excel and teach you all in Accord
"We'll teach you how it is done in an ethical manner; not how to kill, steal or corrupt the system.
Accord is the best platform to realise your dream. This party is preparing the solid platform for the youths evenly."
John Carreyrou is the Wall Street Journal investigative reporter who broke the story of fraud perpetrated by the Siicon Valley startup company Theranos and by its founder, Steve Jobs wannabe Elizabeth Holmes. Holmes had supposedly invented a breakthrough blood-testing technology. At one point the company was valued in the vicinity of $9 billion. There was just one problem. The vaunted technology didn't work as represented. Maya Kosoff mentions Carreyrou's contribution to the unraveling in the Vanity Fair summary “We set ourselves on fire” (full of relevant links).
The story led this past week to the consent decree that Holmes and Theranos reached with the SEC. It strips her of voting control, bans her from holding any office with a public company for 10 years, and requires her to pay a $500,000 penalty. Consistent with Carreyrou's stories, the SEC charged that Holmes, former Theranos CEO Ramesh “Sunny” Balwani, and Theranos had committed “massive fraud.”
A copy of the SEC complaint against Holmes is posted online here. Quartz has a useful summary of the charges against her. Holmes continues to serve as chairman and chief executive officer of the company. The charges against against Balwani remain pending.
The SEC press release on the settlement is posted online here; the Theranos press release is here. Forbes covered the settlement here. The New York Post's good but brief story on the settlement is here.
Holmes fooled prominent people and commercial partners including Walgreen's and Safeway (referred to in the complaint as Pharmacy A and Grocery A). When it came to outside investors, of course, the company took their money. Thus the involvement of the SEC. The powers of the SEC, however, are limited to civil enforcement. It is hard to believe that there won't be a criminal companion to the civil charges.
Even so, the charges of fraud seem to me to warrant harsher penalties than the measures to which the SEC agreed. By contrast, the press release quotes the SEC enforcement director touting the propriety of the measures: “This package of remedies exemplifies our efforts to impose tailored and meaningful sanctions that directly address the unlawful behavior charged and best remedies the harm done to shareholders.” In the welter of news stories published last week, I haven't seen any commentary that addresses this question.
Theranos is not a publicly held company. Holmes and the company defrauded high net worth investors. Between 2013 and 2015 they had raised more than $700 million. That's a lot of money. According to the complaint, they “deceiv[ed] investors by making it appear as if Theranos had successfully developed a commercially-ready portable blood analyzer that could perform a full range of laboratory tests from a small sample of blood.” One investor exercised self-help to recoup his investment through a lawsuit against the company.
Holmes recruited prominent directors to the company's board. Recruiting a prominent board appears to have formed a basic component of the company's business plan. (The complaint does not mention the company's board.) Among the company's directors were George Shultz, Henry Kissinger, James Mattis, David Boies, and William Foege. In the wake of the settlement last week Matthew Yglesias lamely tried to make something out of the Mattis connection.
In November 2016 Carreyrou reported on the efforts of Holmes, Balwani, and the lawyers at the Boies law firm representing the company to silence Tyler Shultz, the grandson of George Shultz. George Shultz was a member of the company's board at the time of the events; Tyler had gone to work at Theranos after graduating from Stanford. He sought to raise questions of corporate misconduct internally with Holmes.
Carryerou's profile of Tyler Shultz was published under the heading “Theranos whistleblower shook the company — and his family” (behind the Journal's paywall). It is an incredibly interesting story. It is perhaps even more interesting now in light of last week's settlement than at the time it was published. Carreyrou's story opens this way:
After working at Theranos Inc. for eight months, Tyler Shultz decided he had seen enough. On April 11, 2014, he emailed company founder Elizabeth Holmes to complain that Theranos had doctored research and ignored failed quality-control checks. The reply was withering. Ms. Holmes forwarded the email to Theranos President Sunny Balwani, who belittled Mr. Shultz's grasp of basic mathematics and his knowledge of laboratory science, and then took a swipe at his relationship with George Shultz, the former secretary of state and a Theranos director. “The only reason I have taken so much time away from work to address this personally is because you are Mr. Shultz's grandson,” wrote Mr. Balwani to his employee in an email, a copy of which was reviewed by The Wall Street Journal.
Last week's settlement certainly seems to vindicate Tyler Shultz, although I don't find allegations of doctored research or failed quality control checks in the complaint.
Carreyrou's forthcoming book on Theranos is titled Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies at a Silicon Valley Startup. This past week's news about Holmes and Theranos is shocking, though it is a little less shocking for readers who have followed Carreyrou's Wall Street Journal stories.
OTTAWA — Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould has asked for an independent review of an extradition that resulted in Ottawa professor Hassan Diab spending three years in a French jail, only to be suddenly released. The external review — which has not started — is in addition to an internal “lessons learned” examination already underway, a spokesperson for Wilson-Raybould said Wednesday.
In November 2014, Hassan Diab was sent to France, where he was held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day. In January, French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered his immediate release. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
French authorities suspected Diab, 64, was involved in the 1980 bombing of a Paris synagogue that killed four people and injured dozens of others, an accusation he has always denied. The sociology professor and his supporters have been urging the federal government to hold a full public inquiry into the case and to reform the Extradition Act to ensure individual rights are respected. In a letter Tuesday to Amnesty International Canada and the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, Wilson-Raybould said Diab was afforded “all of the procedural safeguards” under the Extradition Act and that his charter rights were considered during Canadian court proceedings.
Article Continued Below
“Nonetheless, due to the three-year-period that Dr. Diab spent in custody in France, I have been reflecting carefully on this case,” said her letter, made available to the The Canadian Press by the two rights organizations. Read more: Supporters of newly freed Canadian professor Hassan Diab want inquiry into his extradition to France French authorities drop terrorism charges against Lebanese-Canadian professor Hassan Diab “As you know, Department of Justice Canada officials have undertaken a ‘lessons learned' review of the Diab extradition proceedings. I have also asked for an independent external review of this matter.”
Josh Paterson, executive director of the B.C. association, said Wednesday he is seeking answers from the minister about the independent review, including whether the findings will be made public. “Who will be or has been appointed? What is the scope of the review? Will they have the power to require the department to co-operate with them?”
Article Continued Below
No other information was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office. The RCMP arrested Diab, a Canadian of Lebanese descent, in November 2008 in response to a request by France. In June 2011, Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against him was weak. The following year, then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France. The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister, and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter. Diab's supporters have long argued he was in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that his fingerprints, palm prints, physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980. In November 2014, Diab was sent to France, where he was held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day. In January, French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered his immediate release. Diab is back in Canada with his wife and children. However, French prosecuting authorities have appealed his release, and a decision is expected July 6. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said she and the prime minister had advocated “very energetically” for Diab's return to Canada. “I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why he was sent from Canada in the first place and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions.”
Bezels are about to get smaller, and buttons are about to start going away.
One of the leading biometrics technology companies, Synaptics, has announced a big breakthrough in phone authentication: in-display fingerprint sensors. The new "Clear ID FS9500" (catchy name) fingerprint sensor is designed for smartphones with near-bezel-free displays, and provides fingerprint authentication on demand completely within the display panel itself.
The Clear ID FS9500 sensor offers the same type of one-touch authentication we know today, but does it underneath the display glass — and it can handle a variety of situations including wet, dry and cold fingers. As you'd expect, it integrates a complete security stack with AES encryption and a variety of authentication features that companies can choose from. Seeing as it otherwise works the same as a dedicated hardware sensor, one of the great features of this in-display solution is that it can be turned on and off at will, meaning that unlike traditional sensors it doesn't occupy any space on the body of the phone when not needed.
We've seen technical demonstrations of this type of technology, but Synaptics is making this announcement because it says that it is already in mass production in partnership with a "top five" smartphone company. That already narrows things down a bit, but Synaptics has a couple other hints that seem too good to be a coincidence. In its press release, the company specifically calls out the demand for "bezel-free OLED infinity displays," which is interestingly the exact type of naming Samsung has applied to its curved displays in the flagship Galaxy S8, S8+ and Note 8.
This in-screen fingerprint sensor technology could certainly end up in all sorts of phones in 2018, but given the hints here we wouldn't be surprised if the Samsung Galaxy S9 was one of the first. Following the relative debacle of the Galaxy S8's rear-mounted fingerprint sensor and promises of upgraded iris scanning on the GS9, we could see the removal of the dedicated physical fingerprint sensor on the new phone.
In any case, we know a big-name manufacturer will have this Synaptics technology integrated into a phone soon. And that looks like it'll be a win for everyone.
Press release:
He's achieved more in his career than most sportsmen of his generation, but Rugby League legend Kevin Sinfield considers it an honour to join the thousands of runners taking part in tomorrow's Plusnet Yorkshire Marathon.
The all-time record points scorer for the Leeds Rhinos will join those hitting the streets of York tomorrow as the marathon marks its fifth year.
Kevin Sinfield with the Super League trophy.
More than 7,000 people have entered the event, part of the legacy of the late fundraiser and campaigner Jane Tomlinson.
It is the latest in a series of charity endurance events since the former Rhinos and England captain's playing days came to an end.
Mr Sinfield said: “I'm delighted to be supporting the Jane Tomlinson Appeal. Jane was a truly inspirational figure who showed what can be achieved if you have the spirit and determination. It's an honour to be running for the Appeal established in her name.”
Former international cricket umpire Dickie Bird will start the race at the University of York at 9.30am.
As well as the marathon runners, over 4,000 people will also take part in the Yorkshire 10 Mile, with scores of teams entering the Yorkshire Marathon Corporate Relay, which splits the 26.2 miles into six legs of between three and six miles.
Among the runners is Lynda Gent, from Bridlington, who was in a wheelchair at 21 and broke her pelvis at 38 - and now at 50 is a first-time marathon runner. Mrs Gent will be raising money for cancer research after losing the majority of her family to the disease.
Diagnosed with fibromyalgia at 21, she came to rely on her wheelchair till her late 30s.
A broken pelvis in 2005 caused her to lose the mobility in her legs. Mrs Gent said she was excited but nervous.
“If I have to I will crawl, but I hope I don't,” she said. “I always said I wouldn't run a marathon because of (looking after 10-year-old daughter) Kayleith, but I got to 50 and thought - you know what: ‘Give it a shot.'
“I say to people: ‘If I can do it anyone can.'”
Paralympian Jade Jones, 21, and her fiancé Callum Hall, 25, will be among a group of wheelchair racers battling to cross the finish line first. Leeds-born Callum, winner of this year's Leeds Half Marathon, was left paralysed in 2012 after stepping on a sea urchin while diving off the Greek island of Skiathos. He developed a spinal abscess which burst.
The couple were three minutes apart last year - both winning their respective races.
The wife of Keighley Cougars rugby league player Danny Jones, who died after suffering a cardiac arrest during a game is running the Corporate Relay. Lizzie Jones and a group of her friends are raising money for the Danny Jones Defibrillator Fund, which helps community rugby league clubs and junior teams purchase defibrillators.
The event is being staged by Jane Tomlinson's Run For All team, which organises a series of 10K events, the Leeds Half Marathon and the Sheffield Half Marathon.
Mrs Tomlinson raised almost £2m for charity by tackling a series of endurance challenges, despite being diagnosed with incurable cancer.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in “West Side Story” and “Rebel Without a Cause” couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
She had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with her husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller “Brainstorm” with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama “Hart to Hart,” has denied any involvement in his wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that he and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, he wrote. When he went to bed, he noticed his wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
“There are only two possibilities,” Wagner wrote, “either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened.”
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, he told Playboy in 1997 that he thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit her head and fell from the dinghy.
“Anybody there saw the logistics — of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining — and would know exactly what happened,” Walken said. “You hear about things happening to people — they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way — and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way.”
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include “drowning and other undetermined factors.”
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before she went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if she had tried to claw her way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that he didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called him a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokeswoman downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
“Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No,” spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking him down in Colorado. But either Wagner or his lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor his daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
“Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of his wife in 1981,” Berk said at the time. “Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of him by detectives during those interviews.”
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that “portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night,” said Nishida, the sheriff's spokeswoman.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
A file photo of YSR Congress Party chief Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy. Photo: Mint
Hyderabad: The YSR Congress Party (YSRCP) is all set to raise the issue of granting special category status (SCS) to Andhra Pradesh in the upcoming winter session of Parliament which starts from 15 December. The decision to bring up the matter was taken during a meeting held by YSRCP chief Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy late on Sunday night at Kuderu village of Uravakonda constituency in Ananthapur district.
The issue of getting SCS for the state has been a matter of contention between the ruling Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and the opposition YSRCP ever since the erstwhile state of Andhra Pradesh was bifurcated on 2 June 2014. SCS states enjoy concessions in excise and customs duties and income tax rates. In addition to this, they are expected to get more funds to carry out centrally-sponsored schemes and special projects, if any.
Apart from that, the party also plans to bring up a discussion on the provisions of the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill 2017 (FRDI Bill), the Polavaram project, and defections in Parliament, said V. Vijay Sai Reddy, Rajya Sabha MP and YSRCP general secretary.
“The FDRI bill has to be opposed because it is not in the interest of the public and depositors. There are so many depositors who save money and put it in banks. This is a provision against the public at large,” the RS MP said. The bill has been criticized for some of its controversial provisions, including a “bail-in” clause which suggests that depositor money could be used by failing financial institutions to stay afloat.
The YSRCP will also bring up the issue of defections (to the TDP) in both the upper and lower houses, said another party leader from Hyderabad. The YSRCP had boycotted the winter assembly session in Andhra Pradesh on the issue and Jagan Mohan Reddy had even written to the President of India in October stating that in spite of filing petitions with the speaker and chairman of the assembly to disqualify the defected MLAs, no action has been taken so far even after a year-and-a-half.
Vijay Sai Reddy also alleged that Andhra Pradesh chief minister N. Chandrababu Naidu “compromised” on the state's interests by agreeing for special packages instead of getting SCS. “It was a promise made by the UPA government. After the NDA came to power, they backed out and said it is not given to any state. We are for SCS and whichever party gives support to us, we will support that party,” he said.
The Broncos' defense has allowed 260.8 total yards per game this season, the lowest average in the NFL. Denver has also held opponents to just 18.5 points per game, which is the seventh-best average through four games.
The Broncos aren't content, though. They know they must continue their strong momentum on defense coming out of their bye week.
“It's early,” linebacker Von Miller said after practice Wednesday. “It's only been one month into the season. There have been a lot of seasons where teams go into their bye week undefeated and they don't win the game after that. You've got to constantly fight for success. You've got to be desperate every single week for wins or they'll evade you.”
After a bye this week, Denver will host the Giants in Week 6 on Oct. 15. New York is yet to win a game this season but they will face the Chargers, who are also winless, this weekend.
Since 2012, the Broncos are 6-3 coming off a bye week.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Broncos Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
Taylor Swift (Photo: Richard Shotwell / AP file)
Denver — Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w5Jh6a
Two weeks ago the federal government launched their National Housing Strategy and the prime minister said housing is a human right. Long awaited in the GTA and cities across Canada experiencing an acute housing crisis, critics say it doesn't go far enough and doesn't build very much new affordable housing. While this new initiative might be a good first step, there was a time in the recent past when Canada boldly created new housing. Canada: Modern Architectures in History, a recently published book by Rhodri Windsor Liscombe and Michelangelo Sabatino, goes deep into this era of not just home building, but nation building. Tracing the story of Canadian modern architecture beginning with the opening of the transcontinental railway in 1886, the authors found that the “provision of decent and well-built housing to the widest populace” was a national theme that ran well into the 1960s and 1970s. Creating homes for Canadians really took off in the post-war era when “reconstruction” took hold in Canada: though it suffered no bomb damage, the country had to house all those returning soldiers and the baby boom that followed. Institutions and public buildings were also part of this, but the need to provide the country with housing was critical. In this spirit, the Central (later named Canada) Mortgage and Housing Corp. (CMHC) was created in 1946. The authors write that the CMHC had many responsibilities including, “the provision of residential mortgages and plans, public housing initiatives, education and training in architectural and planning professions, building research, upgrading of the building industry, international exchanges with architects... as well as the construction of university residences.” The book, rich with pictures, delves into dozens of projects great and small across the country. It was an incredibly busy time. In short, it was the creation of much of the Canada we see on city streets today. The authors are careful to point out there was a negative side to this: slum clearance and wholesale displacement of existing communities, as well as CMHC schemes for First Nations that so often caused more harm than good.
Article Continued Below
Lessons were learned and mistakes are still being corrected, but the country did build affordable homes on a massive scale while today we rely largely on market forces to build housing. For the last few decades this meant mostly ownership units, and their worth as investments was central to it all. Purpose built rental is only creeping back into the market, but not near the scale it was a few generations ago, when so many of the mid- and high-rise apartments that are home to hundreds of thousands of people in the GTA and beyond were constructed, a healthy mix of rental, affordable housing, co-operatives and, yes, even some condos. Though Canadian in scope, the book documents some of the fantastic projects built in Toronto during the modern era, such as “Hydro Block” along Henry St. between Baldwin and Cecil Sts. It got its name because it was built on property bought by Ontario Hydro, which intended to build a substation there in the early 1970s. I recall going on a walking tour led by current steward of the new National Housing Strategy, MP Adam Vaughan, back when he was the area's city councillor. He admirably pointed to it and said you'd never know it's public housing because Hydro Block blends into the neighbourhood and looks great today, though it's nearly 40 years old now. The book also looks at projects like the wildly successful St. Lawrence neighbourhood, a mixture of market, affordable and co-operative housing, along with schools and community centres. Largely built in the early 1980s, it was a model for the current redevelopment of Regent Park and other projects that attempt to correct the overreach of large modernist projects.
The Yi 1080p wireless Home Camera indoor security surveillance system is down to $37.88 on Amazon with code 6NHSQU3U. This camera is $45 without the code and actually sells above $50 usually, so this is a huge discount and lower than any direct price drop we've seen.
The Yi home camera has a 122-degree wide-angle lens with the ability to record 24 hours a day up to 1080p and 15 frames per second. It features two-way audio so you can both hear what's happening and talk back if necessary. The camera uses eight individual infrared LEDs for enhanced night vision. If used as a baby monitor or motion detector, you can get instant activity alerts on your phone, and you can store seven days worth of activity for free with Yi Cloud. The Yi Home App allows you to share the camera's feed with up to five family members.
These cameras support microSD cards up to 32GB so you can keep a local copy of your video footage.
See on Amazon
Failure to strike a deal on devolution for South Yorkshire will cause the region to miss out on investment, skills and damage its reputation on a national and world stage, business leaders warn today.
The letter, seen by this newspaper, is signed by virtually every large company and business organisation in the region and comes as the proposal for a devolution settlement for the region worth £900m over 30 years has begun to seriously unravel in recent weeks after political leaders in Doncaster and Barnsley entered talks for a separate deal covering the wider Yorkshire area.
Signatories to the letter include Liberty Speciality Steels, Henry Boot, Outokumpu, British Land, AES Engineering, Wosskow Brown, Metalysis and Mount Pleasant Hotel, as well as the current and former 12 Master Cutlers at the Company of Cutlers.
The move comes after the proposed deal for devolution, agreed upon by all of the council leaders in the region back in 2015, has begun to fracture amid tensions between political leaders over the proposed location of South Yorkshire's HS2 station, a court ruling on the legality of the deal and the desire of some to consider other devolution options, with leaders in Barnsley and Doncaster entering talks in recent weeks over a separate deal covering much of the rest of Yorkshire.
Representatives from regional bodies including EEF and Medilink have signed, along with the chairman of the Local Enterprise Partnership (LEP) Sir Nigel Knowles, as well as hundreds of bosses from firms in Doncaster, Barnsley, Chesterfield and Sheffield.
One extract of the letter seen by The Yorkshire Post, reads: “The possible loss to the region of significant funding is clearly of real concern; the damage to the region's reputation and impact on business confidence is potentially equally or more damaging to our long term prospects.”
Sheffield Town Hall.
“We have the possibility to be the paramount region of the country with regard to advanced manufacturing, health provision and research, digital innovation and other sectors.
“We should continue to pursue this actively and thereby significantly enhance the job opportunities and life prospects for our citizens.”
It adds: “The South Yorkshire Local Authority Leaders showed a strong commitment to being a leading UK region when in 2015 you negotiated the deal to secure devolved powers.
“While the recent withdrawal of Bassetlaw and Chesterfield from the subsequently broadened Sheffield City Region devolution deal is disappointing, this is far less significant than the recent public indication that not all of the four South Yorkshire Local Authority leaders remain certain regarding their future commitment to the deal for our region, which we understand remains on the table.”
Lord Jim O'Neill
Another extract addresses concerns over a directly elected mayor in the area, a prerequisite from Government when it comes to handing devolved powers to the regions.
“There may be concern about an elected mayor for our region,” it reads.
“We believe current uncertainties and apparent differences argue the case for this eloquently. The right choice of mayor can act as a powerful internal facilitator, bringing our region closer together - elected leaders, private sector, voluntary sector and other relevant parties.”
Intriguingly, the letter lays open the prospect of a pan-Yorkshire deal further down the line but says the immediate priority should be for the Sheffield city region.
“A Yorkshire deal may emerge as a possibility in the years ahead, but surely we will be better placed to be a strong component of that, should it arise, if we push ahead to really strengthen South Yorkshire first,” it says.
The letter's content was praised by former Government minister Lord Jim O'Neill as a “welcome dose of reality”.
Lord O'Neill told The Yorkshire Post: “The early steps to agree a provisional devolution deal by the Sheffield City Region was highly sensible and consistent with the approach the government had adopted to back urban conurbations around the country in giving them more responsibility for their own economic growth and development.
“It is very sensible and I encourage those who have stepped away to return.
“I believe passionately that those in Yorkshire who have expressed a commitment to meaningful devolution, notably across the West Yorkshire Combined Authority and in the Humber, should be able to move forward.
“However, although a romantic notion I do not feel if we want to see meaningful progress this year that a pan Yorkshire deal is a viable way of achieving it.”
In the 1960s and '70s, a school of artists that included Donald Judd, Carl Andre, and Dan Flavin dubbed their ultra-pared-down works of art—a canvas painted all one shade, a room colored lavender by a neon light, the simplest riff on a wood chair—minimalism. Quickly, the style cropped up in the homes of those who shared the artists' “less is more” philosophy, with architects like John Pawson, Richard Meier, and Luis Barragán as its disciples. Here, we've rounded up 17 homes from the AD archives—from a family residence in Luxembourg to a bachelor pad in Los Angeles—where minimalism's spare lines, exacting silhouettes, and seriously edited palettes create interiors with gravitas.
NEW YORK — Joey "Jaws" Chestnut extended his reign as champion eater at the Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest Wednesday, downing a record 74 wieners and buns in 10 minutes to take home the coveted Mustard Belt for an 11th time.
Miki Sudo held onto her title as the top woman's competitor at the annual Brooklyn eat-off, chomping 37 franks and buns to take home the top prize for an unprecedented fifth consecutive year.
"I found a vicious rhythm," the 34-year-old Chestnut said after the stuffing session. "I was feeling good today."
But while Chestnut ate 10 more dogs and buns than second-place finisher Carmen Cincotti, a judging error cast initial doubt over their totals after jurists didn't see the eaters were taking the dogs and buns from two plates.
Eric Gonzalez, the Brooklyn district attorney, certified the final tally and Chestnut's record of 74.
"At the end of the day, Joey Chestnut came in here and ate 74 hot dogs, broke a world record," said Cincotti, who celebrated his 26th birthday on Wednesday. "Apparently they were good dogs."
Sudo fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year, but easily beat out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees, many donning mustard-colored hot dog caps, braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk. The outlandish tradition dates to 1972, though the company has long promoted what a former president acknowledged was a legendary start date of 1916.
Fan Martha Pleasant, 41, of Franklin, New Jersey, said she was attending the competitive eating competition to support her husband Dwight, who "loves wieners."
"We are trying to knock something off my hubby's bucket list," she said.
Amazon's Shock And Awe Earnings by Dave Investment Research Dynamics
Yesterday ahead of earnings, AMZN's stock dropped $60, with $30 of that drop occurring in the last hour of trading. It's almost as if market-makers, with their customary preview of the impending AMZN headline EPS report in hand, intentionally took the price down to set-up a short-trap. AMZN stock closed at $1390, down $60 from Wednesday's close.
Shortly thereafter, AMZN's earnings headline showed $3.85/share, more than double the consensus estimate produced by Wall Street's Einstein Center For Earnings Forecasts. $1.85 was the expectation. AMZN's stock shot up to as high as $1480 in after hours, up as much as $90 from the close. Imagine how much money the Big Bank trading desks made assuming they bought all the shares that were sold short in the last hour of trading on Thursday.
Within the first eight minutes of today's open, AMZN stock shot up to as high as $1495, up $105 from Thursday's close. As I write this, AMZN is trading below Wednesday's close of $1450:
A round-trip to nowhere, essentially. Here's the funny thing about AMZN's earnings that Wall Street's finest will never report, if they even know the truth. Embedded in AMZN's net income is a $789 million non-cash “provisional” tax benefit for the estimated impact of the new tax law. Note that this is a somewhat arbitrarily determined number – which is why its labelled “provisional” – and it's non-cash. This GAAP, non-cash tax “benefit,” as guesstimated by AMZN's accountants, added $1.63 per share to AMZN's headline EPS report.
Regardless of how you want to account for this, at face value AMZN's stock is trading at 233x trailing earnings. Not including the GAAP, non-cash tax benefit, AMZN stock is trading at 315x trailing earnings.
This is not the only problem with the quality of AMZN's earnings. I've dissected AMZN's entire financials for my Short Seller's Journal subscribers, as reported, showing the areas in which AMZN has exploited the current highly liberalized GAAP accounting standards to generate the appearance of financial performance that is not real.
Despite Jeff Bezos' claim that AMZN generated $8.4 billion LTM “free cash flow,” this misleading metric was down 20% from the end of Q4 2016. But that's on display in the earnings slides that AMZN publishes every quarter. On a true GAAP basis, AMZN generated an LTM cash flow deficit – i.e. negative $1.46 billion.
This is just a small portion of AMZN's accounting abortion. Unfortunately, until the capital markets are no longer willing to finance AMZN's cash burning Rube Goldberg operational structure, the stock is very difficult to short. There will come a time, however, when sand gets blown into Jeff Bezos' elaborate gears of deception. When this occurs, the rush for the exits by shareholder will be epic.
Sharing is caring!
The potential for VR truly boggles the mind. In the future, it's easy to imagine the various use-cases in education, entertainment, business, and social.
But like any new technology, VR needs a ‘gateway drug', and thus far that initial use-case has been gaming. Sony is pushing PlayStation VR hard with a handful of new games, some existing and others brand new. Nintendo is making a VR push by bringing Mario Kart to VR. Meanwhile, Microsoft held off on any VR announcements at E3 this year.
But what do the members of the gaming community — from developers to streamers to the folks who are actually building VR — actually think of VR?
South Korea's transport ministry said Wednesday it has ordered seven companies to recall a total of 2,721 units of 33 models of foreign vehicles for certain defects.
The recall affects 1,357 units of the 320i and 16 other BMW models built between June 8, 2000 and January 30, 2003 as they could be equipped with Japan's Takata airbag inflators during repair work.
(Yonhap)
Takata Corporation said on its website last year that certain inflator ruptures are caused by a combination of long-term exposure to high heat, absolute humidity and temperature cycling.The ministry said the 750Li xDrive, a vehicle imported and sold by BMW Korea, are subject to a recall due to problems in the engine power delivery system. The affected vehicles were manufactured between March 1, 2011 and April 27, 2011.Meanwhile, the ministry has also ordered Hanbul Motors Corp., the local importer of France's Peugeot vehicles, to recall four vehicles, including 308 2.0 Blue-HDi, as leaks in their fuel pipes could spark a fire.The recall affects 883 units of Peugeot vehicles produced between Nov. 12, 2013 and Jan. 20, 2015, according to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.The ministry said the recall also affects 20 E 220 BLUETEC and four other Mercedes-Benz models built between Jan. 30, 2015 and March 23 for possible defects in the auxiliary steering system.The ministry said it has ordered recall of 143 units of Mitsubishi RVR model built by Japan's Mitsubishi Motors Corp. between Feb. 9, 2012 and May 18 for problems with tailgate.The affected vehicles also include Italy's Maserati's Levante sport produced between Oct. 13 last year and Nov. 11 for defect in airbag inflators in passenger seat. (Yonhap)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest member of the Royal Family was born yesterday morning (April 23).
Prince William and his wife the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton emerged from the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington cradling the baby boy just seven hours after giving birth.
The unnamed child is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth.
Born on St George's Day, the tot is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild.
(Image: PA)
Kate beamed as she walked down the steps of the private wing as a huge cheer went up from the crowds.
A professional lip reader has revealed this is what the couple said.
William: Are you OK with him?
Kate: Yeah.
William: Look, there he is. Over there. [They wave to the left]
Kate: Let's just wave over there. [They wave to the right]
Kate: Look, he is there. [They wave] It is a bit windy, eh? He might get cold. Let's go now.
William: Sure
Wearing a bright red dress by British designer Jenny Packham – the same designer she chose when she left hospital with George and Charlotte – Kate waved and looked up at the staff and patients peering out of the hospital buildings above.
The frock bore a resemblance to what Diana wore when she and Charles emerged from the Lindo Wing with newborn Prince Harry in 1984.
As the royal couple prepared to drive away from hospital with their newborn son, William joked about having his hands full.
The Duke held up three fingers to well-wishers, said “thrice worry now” and smiled warmly.
(Image: PA)
The baby's name was not revealed yesterday but William said “you'll find out soon” when asked what they planned to call him.
He added the family are “delighted” about the new arrival and the newborn's brother George, four, and sister Charlotte, two, are “very happy”.
Wills also joked about the departure from hospital, saying: “We didn't keep you waiting too long this time.”
Mike Reiss joins SportsCenter to break down what Rob Gronkowski's decision to return for the 2018-19 season means for the Patriots. (0:46)
Patriots have one less draft need with Gronk returning (0:46)
New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski and his agent, Drew Rosenhaus, met Tuesday with coach Bill Belichick, telling him that Gronkowski will play for the Patriots this season. The decision ends speculation that he could retire.
"It was very positive and Rob is committed," Rosenhaus told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
A source told Schefter that Gronkowski will not be traded this season.
Gronkowski announced his return on Instagram.
Gronkowski, who turns 29 on May 14, earned All-Pro honors in 2017 as he bounced back from a season in which he was limited to eight regular-season games in 2016 and underwent back surgery. He led the Patriots with 69 receptions, which went for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
He missed two games in the regular season -- one because of his thigh and one due to NFL suspension -- and was knocked out of the AFC Championship Game because of a concussion.
His health might have been on his mind after Super Bowl LII when he was asked about possibly retiring.
"I don't know how you heard that, but I mean, I'm definitely going to look at my future, for sure," Gronkowski said moments after the Patriots lost to the Philadelphia Eagles. "I'm going to sit down in the next couple of weeks and see where I'm at."
When asked that day what would make him retire, Gronkowski said, "I'm not ready for these types of questions right now. I mean, I'm just going to sit down, reflect on the season, keep talking to my teammates ... and just see what happens."
Gronkowski, who has undergone three back surgeries in his career, in addition to procedures on his knee and forearm, said after the Super Bowl that concussions would not be the reason for him to retire.
Information from ESPN's Mike Reiss was used in this report.
The Martialist has several times profiled the work of self-defense instructor and lifelong martial artist Bram Frank. Bram has long been a supporter of this website and was among our first sponsors. We've written up multiple iterations of his folding knives, which are intended to work with his system and have several special features to that end. Other versions of Bram's blades have been made by companies like Spyderco and Cherusker Messer over the years. His latest LLC blades are manufactured overseas in a small factory that Bram says is dedicated to producing his products.
The founder of Common Sense Self-Defense/Street Combat, Bram Frank has spent nearly fifty years training in the martial arts. He holds an 8th dan in Modern Arnis. Given this, there's no doubt that Filipino martial styles and systems heavily influence his methodology and his designs. Over the course of his career he has done a variety of self-defense instructional videos, through companies like Paladin Press and Video Quest, and has been featured in publications ranging from SWAT, Guns and Ammo, Police Journal, Tae Kwon Do & Korean Combative Arts, Filipino Martial Arts, and Tactical Knives.
The latest knives to arrive at The Martialist are Bram's “elongated” fixed blades. These samples have Bram's Bowie-style blade, but these are just entries in a comprehensive product line that includes both folders and fixed blades in multiple blade styles (including tantos and a “katana” blade shape).
The elongated Bowie is roughly ten and a half inches overall with a five inch blade (four and three eights of which are cutting edge). The whole knife is angled both for ergonomics and to produce the “bio-mechanical cutting” that is foundational to Bram's teaching. Handle slabs are textured G10 with “post-in-hole” indexing circles to (to facilitate grip changes).
The full-tang blade is made from 8Cr13MoV (Chinese AUS-8) hardened to HRC 56-58. The entire grip service and the front and rear of the blade spine are aggressively jimped for retention, as is the ramp (called a “bramp,” natch) that doubles as a thumb rest. There is a pronounced choil which, in conjunction with the bramp, can be used for choking up on the blade for fine work.
The knife is very ergonomic and fits my large hands well. It was designed to have “firearm grip retention under duress.” Between the jimping, the texture of the G10, and contours of the handle, it affords a very secure grip.
In theory, the knife is designed for traction even when wet (or slick with blood) — though I didn't test the latter concept. There is a slot in the tip of the handle for affixing a lanyard. Not surprisingly, the handle is also angled for use in striking would leave a significant dent in whatever you chose to hit with it.
The ramp can be used for trapping, joint locks, what Bram calls “reverse upside-down braced cutting,” and scraping. You could also strike with it. The ramp on the folders can be used to strike while the knife is closed, but to strike with the ramp on the fixed blade, you'd have to reverse the knife in your grip or strike with an almost ridge-hand type of body mechanic, rolling your arm to facilitate the strike.
Fit and finish are good throughout. Chinese manufacturing has made tremendous strides in the last two decades — strides that should make domestic knife manufacturers nervous, and which have seen most major factory knife makers in the U.S. produce at least some of their products overseas.
The knife moves quickly and is a pleasure to work with. The point of balance is right at the rear of the index finger scallop, which is right where it ought to be. The Bowie blade was nicely sharp out of the box, cuts easily thanks to its generous belly, and is more than long enough for any task you're likely to encounter. It penetrated stacked cardboard reasonably well and tapers to a fine point.
All of Bram's knives can be had with a trainer that matches the blade exactly. The trainers are, as is proper, fitted with red handles. There's no way to mix up the live blade with the trainer, but the trainer is made of the same materials and has a Kydex sheath that matches the one for the live knife.
The sheaths are relatively wide to accommodate the blade ramp. They are also an “open” construction, secured with spacers and folded over at the blade tip only.
Mine came with belt hardware, but these could be removed and other mounting hardware substituted. You could even rig up a paracord shoulder harness if you wanted to, although concealing a knife this large will require an outer garment. With the knife on my belt under my coat I felt like a gunslinger.
The sheaths are well made. The knives fit positively in their sheaths with only a little movement once secured. There is a distinct “clack” when the knife is drawn.
While obviously intended as a self-defense blade, this is a substantial knife that could also be used for utility work. It is well made, well thought out, and useful independent of Bram's system — meaning that you don't have to be a student of Bram's work to find the knife worth your while. Obviously, if you do study his system, Bram's knife will definitely be to your liking. Either way, this is a great fixed blade that would serve well in a defensive capacity or as a working knife.
Motorcyclist Critical Following Sunday Crash On Fenton Road
August 14, 2017
A motorcyclist was injured in a Sunday night crash that shut down a local roadway for three hours.
Deputies with the Livingston County Sheriff's Office were dispatched to the crash shortly before 7:30pm, which involved a single motorcycle on Fenton Road, south of Read Road. Preliminary investigation revealed that a 45-year-old Hartland man was traveling south on Fenton Road on a 2007 Harley-Davidson when he lost control and left the roadway.
The man was ejected from the motorcycle and sustained serious injuries. He was hospitalized and was last reported in critical condition. Fenton Road was closed for approximately three hours during the investigation. The Hartland Area Fire Department and Livingston County EMS assisted on scene.
The motorcyclist was wearing a helmet. The Sheriff's Office says alcohol and speed do not appear to be factors in the crash, which remains under investigation. (JM)
Chinese tech darling Xiaomi, flush with cash from a private equity placement, thinks there's never been a better time to crack the US market.
Senior veep Wang Xiang said it was developing US-specific smartphone models with a 2019 launch in mind, Reuters has reported. However, carriers have to sign up to a deal.
Xiaomi expects to ship 100 million phones this year, not an unreasonable target given that it moved some 28 million phones in the last quarter of 2017.
And it leads the world of wearables with Apple, after flooding the market with cut-price fitness bling. However, despite much hype, the company has stayed away from the US until now.
The chill in US-Sino trade relations has caused problems for China's biggest global operators. China Mobile is the latest major Middle Kingdom operation to be rebuffed after the US refused it a licence to operate a network there. State-owned ZTE maintains a US presence – just – after a near-death brush with Congress.
The Federal Communications Commission has tried to block Huawei, which the employee-owned operation considers unconstitutional and a breach of the Due Process Clause, the Communications Act, and the Administrative Procedure Act.
"No one doubts that the promotion of national security is a legitimate goal for a government to pursue. Congress, however, has not assigned the role of pursuing that goal to the Commission – at least not in this context," lawyers for Huawei wrote (PDF).
With such a hostile environment, isn't Xiaomi worried? Apparently not. It told Reuters it had good relations with Qualcomm and Google, two essential suppliers for its smartphone business. That's what Huawei and ZTE thought too – but Huawei is developing its own platform, just in case the chill becomes an Ice Age.
Xiaomi has vowed never to make more than 5 per cent margin on its hardware – something analysts believe will be hard to maintain. Particularly if the services and software revenue doesn't pan out. Remember that, outside China, it's competing with Google, which means it's competing against free stuff.
That's enough to deflate any Wang. ®
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now open
Laser melting systems are increasingly being used in high-value sectors like aerospace and automotive to manufacture metallic and plastics parts in layers from powder. However, this process reportedly comes with its limitations as it relies on a mirror to deflect a single laser, curbing the speed of the system.
A new process developed at the University of Sheffield in the United Kingdom, called diode area melting (DAM), can overcome this by melting large areas in parallel using an array of individual laser diodes. These laser beams can be switched on or off as they move across the powder bed making it faster but also more energy efficient.
Zahid Chaudhary
Islamabad
Mujahid Anwar Khan took over command of Pakistan Air Force (PAF) from Air Chief Sohail Aman at a simple but impressive change of command here on Monday.
Outgoing air chief Aman handed over the Command Sword to new Air Chief and decorated him with the ranks of Air Chief Marshal during the ceremony.
Air Marshal Khan was designated as the new chief of air staff of the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) by the federal government on Friday.
Addressing the ceremony, Air Chief Marshal Aman said that the PAF has been playing a key role in the war against terrorism as well as in the defence of the country's airspace. He said the contribution of PAF in the global war against terrorism was greater than any other air force in the world.
He said the country's defence has strengthened in recent years and the force has become self-sufficient in overhauling and other trades.
“It was a matter of pride for me to serve the PAF,” he said and advised the officers to remain united and strive the hardest to safeguard the nation. He also talked about services of the PAF for the people with special needs, besides highlighting the air force's services in education, welfare and other sectors.
The outgoing air chief also praised his successor for his professionalism and “extraordinary” leadership skills.
Mujahid Anwar Khan was first commissioned in the GD (P) Branch of the PAF in December 1983. During his time at the PAF Academy Asghar Khan, the incumbent air chief received the coveted Sword of Honour, Best Pilot Trophy and the Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee Gold Medal.
During his tenure of service, Air Marshal Khan held various command and staff appointments including command of a Fighter Squadron – a tactical attack wing, Base Commander of two elite F-16 bases and Air Officer Commanding of Regional Air Command.
In recognition of his meritorious services, he has been awarded the Hilal-i-Imtiaz, the Sitara-i-Imtiaz and the Tamgha-i-Imtiaz.
RAWALPINDI : Afghanistan's ambassador to Pakistan Dr Omar Zakhilwal called on Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa at GHQ Rawalpindi, the Inter-Services Public Relations said in a statement on Wednesday.
The two dignitaries exchanged ideas on matters of mutual interest and regional security. The current peace and security situation in Afghanistan was also brought under discussion during the meeting, the ISPR statement said.
Ambassador Dr Zakhilwal lauded the role of COAS General Bajwa in improvement of bilateral ties between the two countries, the statement added.
Share on: WhatsApp
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cricketer Laurie Evans had his car stolen 'in front of his eyes' by someone pretending they were interested in buying it.
The sportsman has advertised his car on Auto Trader and was showing it to a potential customer on New Year's Day.
"A guy rang me up and said he was interested and wanted to come and have a look at it," Laurie told Mirror Online.
"He came along a couple of hours later around 3.30pm and I started showing him the car, as you do.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
"He asked if he could sit in the car and he turned the ignition on and just drove off."
The sportsman ran after the car but realised he could not catch up, and so reported the car stolen to police.
He believes the driver sped off from the driveway of his girlfriend's home in Oxsted, Surrey, towards the M25, adding: "He could be anywhere."
Laurie described the man, who was six foot in height, as being in his late 20s to early 30s, and "very skinny".
He revealed his bad start to the New Year on Twitter, posting: "Just had my car stolen in front of my eyes in Surrey. Black Mercedes e-class BL65RYF.
"Please keep an eye out," he added.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
The 29-year-old said the car, which he was selling for £24,995, was filled with goods of huge sentimental value, including his cricket bats and signed shirts.
These are the things he hopes to recover as he says they are what he "cares about most".
The batsman, who was recently signed by Sussex County Cricket Club on a three-year contract after leaving Warwickshire, said: "I have just moved from Warwickshire to Sussex so I was in the process of moving stuff down.
(Photo: Getty Images)
"I had my two cricket bags in the back [of the car].
"In one of the big bags was all my cricket stuff.
"I had a few signed shirts in there, signed by by Warwickshire teammates, which was a shame.
"They're things that have special sentimental value to me."
Laurie also revealed that one of his favourite bats was also in the back of the stolen car.
"It's hard to explain to anyone how attached you can get to a bat but if you play cricket you would understand," he said.
"I had a couple of really special ones in there, including one that I used in the 20/20 final three years ago when I won man of the match.
"It's the best bat I've ever had. It doesn't look like much to anyone else but it's my number one. I'm gutted to lose it.
"It's disappointing because I'm moving counties and it would be nice to have a few familiar items I can take with me to a new environment," he added.
His fans reacted to the news with shock after he revealed the theft on social media, with many promising to keep a look out for the black Mercedes in their areas.
"That's awful, hideous start to year!" one wrote.
Another commented: "Sorry to hear your terrible news Laurie, hope it all gets sorted for you, will keep my eyes peeled around the midlands."
While another posted: "That's tough man, hope it will be recovered soon."
Mirror Online has contacted Surrey Police and Auto Trader for comment.
If anyone has seen the car, please contact Surrey Police by calling their non-emergency number 101.
Follow Joel Add to circle
2019 Infiniti QX50, first drive Enlarge Photo
We slid behind the wheel of the 2019 Infiniti QX50; spotted the new 2020 Cadillac CT5; and experienced the 2018 Subaru BRZ tS. It's the Week in Reverse, right here at 'Motor Authority.'
We had our first seat time in the new 2019 Infiniti QX50 and found its innovative engine to be a gem, its interior to be punching above its price point, and its infotainment system to be a headache.
Chevrolet announced that its Corvette ZR1 destroyed the Ford GT's lap record at Virginia International Raceway only a few days after the Blue Oval's record came to light.
The 2020 Cadillac CT5 has been spotted undergoing cold-weather testing. Set to replace both the ATS and CTS, the CT5 will be sized like a BMW 5-Series and priced like a 3-Series when it debuts in 2019.
Reports circulated that the 2020 Ford Explorer lineup will include a hot ST model as a range topper. Said to pack a 3.0-liter twin-turbo V-6 under the hood, the ST model should come with more than 400 horsepower and 400 pound-feet of torque.
After sliding behind the wheel of the 2018 Subaru BRZ tS, it's clear the tuned-by-STI special edition—only 500 will be made for the US market—has perfected the BRZ's already capable handling. At the same time, it's exacerbated the car's power issue.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- The Jaguars and nose tackle Abry Jones are nearing a deal that would pay the fifth-year player $16 million over four years, according to a league source and multiple reports.
The Florida Times-Union first reported that the sides were close to agreeing on a contract.
The 25-year-old Jones took over as the starter for the final nine games of 2016 after Roy Miller suffered a torn Achilles. Jones finished the season with 32 tackles (four for loss) and one batted pass.
Jones signed as an undrafted rookie free agent in April 2013 and played in eight games that season. The following year he appeared in all 16 of the Jaguars' games, making two starts, and finished with 39 tackles, three sacks and a forced fumble.
In 2015, he recorded 16 tackles, two sacks and a forced fumble in 15 games.
Jones' play last season showed that he can handle the starting job and might make the 30-year-old Miller expendable. Even if the Jaguars keep Miller -- who is due a $400,000 roster bonus on March 13 and is scheduled to make $3.64 million in 2017 -- and he continues to play as well as he did before he was hurt, Jones has shown he can handle a bigger load.
Miller has been the starting nose tackle for four seasons and played well, but he turned 30 in July and has had knee issues that required surgery following the 2014 season to repair meniscus damage.
Published:
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo has described corruption as systemic but assured that the President Muhammadu Buhari government is tackling it. Osinbajo noted this on Monday at the 7th Presidential Quarterly Business Forum for private sector stakeholders at the Presidential Villa in Abuja.
According to him, the present administration would not condone any form of corruption in the country.
"If the president is corrupt, the entire financial system is compromised and that is what we have seen with the figures we have just seen. That is an absolutely important that we must take into account,” Osinbajo added.
"I am not saying that corruption under this administration has been completely dealt with, no certainly not.“Where corruption has become systemic such as we have in our country today, you cannot deal with it in one full fell swoop, it is not possible. In any event you still have a lot of corruption fighting back.”
In addition, he alleged that, “The system fights back and its both an internal and external fight back and you have to be steadfast and strategic to win the battle.
"There is no way that you have a system such as ours that has consistently thrived on corruption and proceeds of corruption and public financing in particular, that will give up and say guys, the problem has been solved. No.
"It is a system that feeds on corruption and it affects all aspects of governance, so trying to deal with it is certainly not a walk in the park."
Share This
Ceramics Monthly: What drew each of you to gallery work as a career path?
Anthony Schaller (owner and director of Schaller Gallery in red shoes, above): My family is very entrepreneurial, so it was only natural to start out in business. That said, I didn't really like it. Then ceramics and I found each other. It was a pretty quick romance and now we're inseparable. My background in business certainly helped with curating, management, gallery operations, and relationships—so, it paid off!
Brittany Stecker Mason (assistant director, above): After finishing my studies in studio ceramics and art history, I worked at the art center in St. Joseph, Michigan. I had access to the ceramics studio, where Anthony was teaching evening classes. When I first visited his new gallery space downtown, I was like a kid in a candy shop! I was surprised to see—and hold—pots made by some of my clay heroes. My enthusiasm to encourage others to collect quality ceramics grew stronger. I knew this was something I'd love to do all the time. Meeting Anthony was a serendipitous moment in my career.
CM: How do you juggle your artist/gallerist roles?
AS/BM: We are both very passionate about our jobs and put the needs of makers and the gallery before our own. We're trying to get in the studio more, however. In addition to having the discipline and technical skills necessary for the making process, attention to time management, financial planning (sustainability), good photography, marketing, and communication are key. Yes, your art is your business. And it does take time. We have found that every studio artist could benefit from working in a gallery setting and vice versa. It offers a more well-rounded perspective and mutual understanding. Stay tuned for a new project with this in mind!
CM: How should artists approach a gallery for representation?
AS: Every artist is different, so is every gallery. Get to know the staff, take the time to ask some questions. Are they seeking new makers? How do they like to be approached? Also ask yourself, Do you fit? Are you at the level of the other makers in the gallery? The successes of both galleries and makers hinge on relationships—with each other, the clients, media, delivery people, and suppliers—everyone is involved.
BM: Take yourself and your work seriously, but not deadly serious. A bit of humor, along with humility and commitment are appealing attributes to any lasting relationship. It also helps to remain open to critique and advice—you don't have to sacrifice your creative integrity to do so.
Photo: Lem Montero.
RAWALPINDI, Oct 6 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Qamar Javed Bajwa Friday visited Pakistan Military Academy Kalul, Abbottabad.
He was briefed on various functional aspects of the academy for grooming and professional upbringing of the cadets, said a statement issued here by Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR).
Talking to the faculty, the Army chief appreciated exceptionally high standards of the premier army institution and its efforts for grooming young cadets to take on challenges of future battlefield, lead men from the front and be good citizens of Pakistan with the drive, acumen and outlook to contribute to both their institution and the
country.
Earlier, on arrival the COAS was received by Commandant PMA Maj Gen Abdullah Dogar.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Petr Cech admits Arsenal need to address their slow starts in the Premier League.
The Gunners fell behind early at Southampton as Charlie Austin gave the hosts a third-minute league following some indecisive Arsenal defending.
Eight days earlier Arsene Wenger's side found themselves 2-0 down to Manchester United with just 11 minutes on the clock.
United went on to win that game 3-1 while Olivier Giroud came off the bench to head home a late equaliser to earn Arsenal a share of the spoils with a 1-1 draw at St Mary's.
Those dropped points leave Arsenal 17 point adrift of leaders Manchester City and a point outside the top four and Cech knows the sluggish starts need to be eradicated.
(Image: REUTERS)
"One thing that is really gutting is that we lost the game against Man United in the first 10 minutes," the goalkeeper told the club's official website.
"We could have been 3-0 down after 10 minutes again (at Southampton) and I think this is something we need to improve.
"In this league, if you give other teams the advantage in the first five minutes, you make it far more difficult for yourselves.
"We were lucky to get a point, even if we deserved to get one in the end, because we put them under pressure. But we wanted all three"
Southampton, who also hit the bar through Oriel Romeu, appeared to be on for one of their better results of the campaign to date.
(Image: AFP)
Austin hit his fourth goal in three starts to put Mauricio Pellegrino's side on course for a place in the top-half of the table, only for Giroud to strike late on.
"I was delighted with the goal, but it was just instinct really. It got us a great start, but it's one of them where we should've got the three points," Austin told southamptonfc.com
"We've got one and in hindsight, if we'd drawn against Man City we'd be four games unbeaten.
"It is a sense of massive frustration. We started off like a house on fire, with four chances in the first seven minutes, but we needed to get the second goal."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Saints entertain Leicester on Wednesday night as former boss Claude Puel returns to the south coast following his year in charge of Southampton last season.
"We'll go again - we've got big games coming up and a quick turnaround with Leicester at home, so hopefully we can give a good performance again," Austin added.
"I feel like I'm going to get chance after chance, so I'm putting myself in the right positions and luckily I've been putting the ball in the net."
President Aliyev visits Heydar Aliyev Park in Ankara (PHOTO)
2018-04-24 19:59 | www.trend.az | 2
Baku, Azerbaijan, April 24
Trend:
As part of his official visit to Turkey, President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev visited the Heydar Aliyev Park in Ankara to lay flowers at a monument to the national leader.
The Heydar Aliyev Park in Ankara was laid in 2004.
At the entrance of the park, there are plane trees planted by President Aliyev and first lady Mehriban Aliyeva on April 4, 2004.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
The Town of Timnath is in its 12th year of cost effective biorational Integrated Mosquito Management. The primary objective of this IMM Program is to monitor and reduce mosquito populations through the use of specific, environmentally sound, control techniques in order to protect its residents from the threat of mosquito-borne diseases.
Open communication is maintained by Vector Disease Control between the Town of Timnath, the Larimer County Department of Health & Environment, the Colorado Department of Public Health & Environment and surrounding municipalities in order to ensure that the highest level of mosquito control and epizootic response is achieved. This diligent and cooperative communication is important to the Town of Timnath's mosquito management program and provides significant benefit to public health throughout the entire area.
The Town of Timnath conducts mosquito spraying (fogging) throughout the community as trap results dictate and when weather conditions are conducive to the best effectiveness. Specific information (dates, times, and locations) regarding fogging operations will be posted below as soon as it becomes available. In addition, the most recent trap reports (used by the Town to monitor assorted information about the mosquito population in the area), safety tips, and other precautionary information can be found below. Questions about the program can be directed to: Broox Boze with Vector Disease Control at 970-962-2583 or 970-646-3890.
Frequently Asked Questions/Safety Information
Scheduled Spraying/Applications
Thursday, July 5th – Mosquito control operations will take place in the Summerfield and Serratoga Fallsneighborhoods. The operations are weather dependent, and are scheduled to take place between dusk and dawn. Please see “Tips” below for safety information.
Trap Reports 2017
June 04, 2018 Report June 12, 2018 Report June 18, 2018 Report
June 25, 2018 Report July 2, 2018 Report
Tips
During Fogging Operations:
Remain indoors when fogging takes place in your neighborhood.
People who suffer from chemical sensitivities or feel fogging could aggravate a preexisting health condition should consult their doctor or local health department and take special measures to avoid exposure.
Close windows and doors and turn off your air conditioning (or set it to circulate indoor air) when fogging is taking place in the immediate area.
Do not let children play near or behind truck-mounted applicators when they are in use. Keep children inside during fogging and for about one hour after fogging truck(s) leave the area.
Bring pets inside and cover ornamental fish ponds to avoid direct exposure. Consult your doctor if you think you are experiencing health effects from the fogging.
More information about pesticides can be found HERE on the EPA's Web site.
To protect yourself from mosquito bites, the Town of Timnath recommends the following precautions:
Choose a mosquito repellent that has been proven to be effective against West Nile Virus-carrying mosquitoes. Ones that contain DEET, Picaridin, Oil of Lemon Eucalyptus (with active ingredient PMD, or p-menthane diol) or IR3535 are known to be effective.
Keep exposed skin covered or use a repellent when out at prime Culex mosquito-biting hours; between dusk and dawn.
Drain standing water in your yard or in your garden.
Add mosquito-eating minnows to or a mosquito “dunk” to ornamental ponds that feature still water.
Keep window screens repaired.
Please visit Vector Disease Control for information regarding the pesticides used during these spraying/fogging operations.
Rumors have been swirling surrounding Celtics superstar, Kyrie Irving, and his reported interest in playing with Jimmy Butler. Butler has recently reciprocated this perceived interest, openly discussing his discontent with the ‘nonchalant' attitude of the young Wolves. Together, the duo are planning a reunion at some point in the near future. The two All-Stars are set to become free agents after the 2019 season, so these rumors should come as a bit of a concern to the front offices of the two franchises.
The Deal
There is a simple solution to this whole issue, and it begins with shipping Kyrie Irving and Abdel Nader to Minnesota. In return, Minnesota would hopefully send back All-Star big man Karl-Anthony Towns, along with veteran forward Taj Gibson. Boston would likely have to toss in the Memphis Grizzlies' 2019 first-round pick to sweeten the pot. The proposed trade is as follows:
Minnesota Receives:
Kyrie Irving
Abdel Nader
2019 Memphis Grizzlies first-round Pick
Boston Receives:
Karl-Anthony Towns
Taj Gibson
Financial Logistics
Kyrie Irving is going into the final year of a fully guaranteed 5-year/ $94.3 million contract. Irving will carry a cap hit of $20 million into next season. For any deal to work, Boston would need to absorb a similar amount of money in contracts from Minnesota.
Abdel Nader is entering into the 2nd year of a 3-year contract with a 4th-year team option. The contract is worth $4.1 million total with $2 million guaranteed. The salary cap hit for next season stands at $1.3 million.
Karl-Anthony Towns is going into the final year of his rookie contract with the Timberwolves. In 2015, Towns signed a fully guaranteed 4-year/ $25.7 million contract. He will carry a cap hit of $7.8 million into next season. This figure is much lower than that of Irving's contract, which is where Gibson comes into play.
Taj Gibson is entering into the final year of a fully guaranteed 2 year/ $28 million contract. He will carry a cap hit of $14 million into next season.
If this deal went through, this is what the cap hit for each team would look like for the 2018-19 season:
Boston:
$21.8 million against the salary cap.
Minnesota:
$21.3 million against the salary cap.
Financially, this deal works just about evenly, with Boston set to absorb a mere half a million more than Minnesota.
Boston Makes This Trade If…
Kyrie Irving is serious about disbanding from the team to join forces with Jimmy Butler. A healthy Irving is just about as good as any point guard in the league, and with him in town Boston is a formidable opponent against just about anyone. There isn't a whole lot of sense in making a move like this unless he truly is planning on leaving. Danny Ainge will have a sit down with Kyrie at some point, whether that is before the season or before the trade deadline. If Ainge feels he's going to lose his star point guard at the end of the season, he will not hesitate to pull the trigger on a deal.
What better value can the franchise get in return than an All-NBA caliber big man? Towns are 22 years old and has been in the league for 3 years. He is averaging 21.6 points, 11.7 rebounds, and 1.4 blocks per game for his career. Town adds a major boost to the team's thin front court while solidifying the starting lineup for years to come.
Taj Gibson gets thrown into the deal as a salary filler. But he could still provide a veteran presence to a young Celtics squad. Gibson had a bounce back year in Minnesota after struggling with the Thunder. He averaged 12.2 points, 7.1 rebounds, and 1.2 assists per game last season.
Minnesota Makes This Trade If…
Jimmy Butler is serious about leaving the team to play alongside Kyrie Irving. This deal works so well because both players seek to join forces with one another. Minnesota Head Coach Tom Thibodeau loves Butler and utilizes the versatile 2-way guard as the focal point of his offense. The last thing Thibodeau wants is to let his star walk. By making a deal that brings in Irving, Butler gets exactly what he wants while bolstering the team's backcourt for the foreseeable future.
Kyrie is already considered a top 3 point guard in the league. Last season Irving averaged 24.4 points, 5.1 assists, and 3.8 rebounds while shooting 40.8% from three. This trade would likely satisfy both stars and give the franchise a boost towards contention in the Western Conference.
Abdel Nader gets included in the trade as a young prospect with a respectable amount of potential. He didn't see the court much last season with the Celtics, but he shined bright as a rookie in the G League. Nader took home the G League rookie of the year with averages of 21.3 points, 6.2 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game. He has a long way to go to make it in the NBA, but the potential is undoubtedly there.
The Memphis Grizzlies' 2019 first-round pick conveys to the team if it falls between picks 9-30. If it does not convey in 2019, it becomes top-6 protected in 2020. If it yet again fails to convey, the pick is fully unprotected in 2021. The inclusion of such a reasonably valuable pick would be the icing on the cake in this proposed trade offer. Adding another lottery talent to a roster centered around Jimmy Butler and Kyrie Irving could tremendously help the franchise contend for years.
Will a Deal Get Done?
This deal is a win-win for both franchises. Both teams get a young All-Star caliber talent that will bolster their roster for years to come. Kyrie and Jimmy will be satisfied with the opportunity to play alongside one another. Such a deal relies heavily on how much pressure Irving and Butler put on their respective front offices to make it happen. That being said, don't be surprised if trade rumors start picking up surrounding the two teams. Karl-Anthony Towns may be closer to Boston green than we think.
Share this:
Related
View the original article on
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Pakistan's High Commissioner to Kenya and Permanent Representative to the United Nation's office at Nairobi, Raza Bashir Tarrar was unanimously elected as Rapporteur of the Bureau of United Nations Environment Assembly (UNEA) upon nomination by the Asia-Pacific Group.
According ro a press release, recieved here Sunday, the election is a recognition of Pakistan's active enegagement in global and regional environmental protection efforts
Pakistan also had the honor of the suggestion of the theme of UNEA “Towards a pollution-free planet”
Analysis HPC storage array maker Panasas has been talking about the new architecture for its scale out, parallel filesystem array, involving separate and scale-out director nodes talking to scale-out storage nodes.
The company, headquartered in Pennsylvania, is far from the hustling, VC-fuelled growth frenzy that is Silicon Valley – although it has a presence there. The 17-year-old high-performance computing (HPC)/supercomputing storage company is privately owned.
It last raised funding in 2013 with a $15m private equity raise and $25.2 million VC F-round, which took total funding to $65.2m. It has more than 500 customers in 50+ countries, says the firm.
The largest one is in the UK, at Rutherford Appleton Labs, where the JASMIN system has 20PB of Panasas storage – around 1,500 storage blades.
The company is led by CEO and president Faye Pairman, who has been in place since April 2010.
Panasas CEO and President Faye Pairman
This is a quite conservative company that takes a measured and careful approach to everything, not least to its move into the growing commercial HPC market. This started some years ago and culminated a couple of weeks ago with the new architecture for its scale out, parallel filesystem array.
It can now scale compute and storage individually, and develop the two components separately as well.
We were given a sense of what might happen at a briefing in its Silicon Valley office, and learned that a strong trend in commercial HPC was the growth of small files. Since Panasas stores small files in flash, along with its NAS metadata, that affects both the storage nodes - more accesses - and the directors - more metadata processing relative to the space taken up by file data.
That means likely developments for both the director and storage nodes.
The ASD-100 director nodes use Intel Xeon E5-1630v4 3.7GHz 4-core Broadwell CPUs. That means there is the possibility of moving to Skylake Xeons – when the small file and metadata processing load has risen sufficiently.
Senior software architect Curtis Anderson told us: "We're not gated by compute power - we have a lot of director blades." He mentioned the possibility of a "fat node" with more memory and/or CPU for "dealing with yet more small files."
Currently a storage blade has two drives, an SSD and an Atom processor.
Panasas storage blade
Anderson said Panasas was going to change the number of drives per storage blade, increasing them in its next-generation storage. The company wants to move to using more industry standard components.
Potentially there could be different types of blade: an all-flash performance blade, a performance hybrid blade, and a capacity hybrid blade. This would give Panasas more scope to adapt to changing HPC workloads, it said.
Faye Pairman said Panasas had investors who are quite conservative and it is a small company, with 100 employees, with limited reach: "We go heavily in the USA but we're more measured outside."
Panasas is growing in what Pairman calls a measured way – she seems to like the word measured – and is moving away from heavy dependence on a few small government customers. It says its architecture and product capabilities were ahead of the time but the market is now coming its way.
+RegComment
The obvious comparison competitors for Panasas are DDN and Isilon, with Qumulo coming on as well. DDN has more product and covers more ground with its WOS object storage and IME burst buffers as well as the parallel file system ExaScaler and GridScaler systems. Panasas of course, is claiming its systems are far easier to manage and quicker to deploy than these.
Isilon is the gorilla in the scale-out NAS market, and has the benefit of Dell's sales and marketing infrastructure, while Qumulo is growing fast, and recruiting Isilon staffers disaffected by the environment inside Dell.
It was founded in 2012 by ex-Isilon people, and launched its first product two-and-a-half years ago. The company has 200 employees, twice the number at Panasas, and $130m in VC funding, almost twice that of Panasas.
Where the Pennsylvanian firm said it is a traditional and commercial HPC company, Qumulo describes itself as a universal scale-out filesystem storage business, with a billion file scale and the highest performance. We suspect Panasas systems might be faster though, although Panasas' commercial HPC (parallel file system) market niche will be smaller than Qumulo's scale-out filesystem space. ®
ISLAMABAD, June 15 (APP): Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif appeared before the Joint Investigation Team (JIT), set up by the Supreme Court to probe the Panama Papers case Thursday.
The Prime Minister was accompanied by son Hussain Nawaz, Chief Minister Punjab Shahbaz Sharif and his son Hamza Shahbaz, son-in-law MNA Capt (Retd) Safdar, Political Secretary Asif Kirmani and Principal Secretary Fawad Hassan Fawad and other officials.
The Prime Minister, attired in a Shalwar Kameez and waist coat, waved to the large number of party workers gathered outside the venue to express solidarity with him.
The Prime Minister appeared before the six-member JIT alone at the Judicial Academy building. Those accompanying the prime minister, later returned to the PM House.
A three-member special SC bench, headed by Justice Ijaz Afzal Khan and comprising Justice Sheikh Azmat Saeed and Justice Ijazul Ahsen, had constituted a six-member JIT, led by Additional Director General (Immigration), Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) Wajid Zia.
Other members of the investigation team are Amir Aziz from the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP), Bilal Rasool, Executive Director, Securities Exchange Commission of Pakistan (SECP), Irfan Naeem Mangi Director National Accountability Bureau (NAB), Brigadier Kamran Khursheed from the Military Intelligence (MI) and Brigadier Nauman Saeed from the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
The JIT was set up to facilitate the investigation and collect evidence in line with the order passed by a five-member larger bench on April 20.
The JIT has already questioned the two sons of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif; Hassan Nawaz and Hussain Nawaz over the funding for purchase of apartments in London and their off-shore companies.
Hundreds of PML-N leaders and workers including lawyers gathered outside the Federal Judicial Academy building to express solidarity with the prime minister. Carrying banners and placards they raised slogans; “Mian terey jan nisar be shumar”, “dekho dekho kon aya, sher aya, sher aya”. They also raised slogans against the PTI leader Imran Khan.
Strict security arrangements were made around the Academy building with multiple tiers of security cordon by police and FC in riot gear.
Health Department Warns Of Possible Measles Exposure At Local Facilities
April 17, 2017
Local health officials are warning of potential exposure as they continue to investigate the state's second measles case that was confirmed last week in an adult Livingston County resident.
The case was confirmed in connection with the first, travel-related case in late March of the highly contagious disease that spreads through the air by coughing or sneezing. The local individual was on the same airplane as a young child who was not vaccinated and contagious while returning from a country where a lot of cases were reported.
Livingston County Medical Director Dr. Don Lawrenchuk says an individual can be communicable for anywhere from three to five days before the onset of the rash illness. He says this particular individual had some congestion, a runny nose and runny eyes and was coming down with cold-like symptoms. To err on the side of caution, Dr. Lawrenchuk says they through it would be wise to indicate some of the places the man had been prior to the onset of his rash illness as two were in Livingston County.
Lawrenchuk tells WHMI the patient has been extremely cooperative and is very detail oriented, thus provided a list of everywhere he had been to.
Anyone who visited the St. Joseph Mercy Brighton facility on Grand River from 7 to 10am on Monday, April 3rd or the Dragon Court restaurant on M-36 in Hamburg Township from 5 to 9pm on April 5th are advised to monitor themselves for rash with fever or other symptoms consistent with measles until April 25th.
Meanwhile, the same local confirmed case visited two restaurants in Washtenaw County. Health officials there say anyone who was at Mark's Midtown Coney Island on Plymouth Road in Ann Arbor between noon and 3pm April 6th or at Benny's Family Dining on Industrial Highway during the same hours the following day should monitor themselves.
While measles is a very serious, potentially life threatening disease Lawrenchuk says it is preventable and there is a safe, effective vaccine. Health officials say there is no cause for public panic but anyone displays symptoms who might suspect measles should seek medical treatment as soon as possible. More information is available in the attached press release. (JM)
Neko Case Gets Her Hell-On
Neko Case is blessed with one of the most sublime voices in modern times, and it's been too danged long since we've been blessed with a new album from her. Sure, she did that thing with Laura Veirs and k.d. lang. And, you know, she was featured prominently on the last New Pornographers album, Whiteout Conditions. But it's been nearly five years since The Worse Things Get, the Harder I Fight, the Harder I Fight, the More I Love You. So we're tickled to report that Anti- Records is breaking that fast on June 1st with the release of Hell-On.
“There were a few challenges during the making of this record,” she notes, “from small (scheduling difficulties, and occasional miscommunication) to large (my house burning down while I was overseas.) But none of them are the story of this recording, the songs are the story. They are my best self. They are everything I've worked for since I was a kid, whether I knew it or not.”
Additional players and singers on the 12 tracks include Veirs, lang, Mark Lanegan, Kelly Hogan, AC Newman, Eric Bachmann, Doug Gillard, Joey Burns and Beth Ditto. “The songs are who I believe myself to be and that will change,” Case continues, “but for now that's how it is and I'm very satisfied with that.”
WASHINGTON — Nationals right-hander Erick Fedde left in the second inning of his start against the Boston Red Sox after throwing just 25 pitches.
Training staff and manager Dave Martinez went to check on Fedde after he allowed a single to Rafael Devers to lead off the second on Wednesday. After a long conversation, Fedde walked off the field and was replaced by lefty Matt Grace.
The 25-year-old was coming off his first major league victory last weekend in Philadelphia.
Fedde entered the game 1-3 with a 6.00 ERA in five starts this season. His 2017 season ended in early September with a right forearm flexor strain.
“Nearly nine months after the conclusion of the 2016 general election and despite months of hesitation, Sen. Dean Heller (R-NV) has finally confirmed that he voted for Donald Trump for president,” the Nevada Independent reports.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. -- During the final minutes of the Minnesota Vikings' 33-16 win over the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 29, defensive end Everson Griffen suffered a foot injury that forced him to miss the Washington game two weeks later.
Griffen revealed Monday that he's battling plantar fasciitis, a condition that triggers pain on the bottom of the heel and is caused by straining the ligament that supports the arch of the foot.
The injury hasn't caused Griffen to slow down. He returned to action in Week 11 against the Rams and has registered three sacks total since the injury -- two against Detroit and one against Carolina. He currently ranks third in the NFL with 13.0 sacks through the first 14 weeks of the season, which is a career high for the eighth-year defensive end.
Everson Griffen has played 93 percent of Minnesota's defensive snaps in each of the last three games. Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
"My foot is only getting better," Griffen said. "My plantar fasciitis is going to heal after three weeks, I played after three weeks, so it heals over time. I'm just getting better."
One key to bouncing back so quickly is the defensive end's weekly rehabilitation routine, which appears to have the demands of a full-time job. Griffen uses a hyperbaric chamber, acupuncture, cryotherapy and massages to help his body recover from a game while preparing for the next week.
After the Vikings' 31-24 loss to the Panthers, Griffen wasted little time in preparing his body for this week's game against the Bengals. He says he started hyperbaric chamber treatments at 5:30 a.m. Monday, followed by cryotherapy and a workout at the Vikings' training facility. After a dip in the hot tub and cold tub, Griffen had a four-hour massage. Later he'll go back into the hyperbaric chamber before meeting with his movement coach this afternoon.
"I try to do everything possible to make sure I can recover faster and (to make) the possibility of injury go down a lot," he said. "Kind of like bulletproofing."
Griffen has played 93 percent of Minnesota's defensive snaps in each of the last three games. With an increased workload, keeping up with the demands of his therapy are necessary for him to play at his best.
"It's part of the game and they pay me big money to play big time," he said.
"I'm a workhorse. I don't feel worn down, I don't feel beat down. I feel like I'm ready to go. I'll be ready Sunday, even better."
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): State Minister for Water and Power
Abid Sher Ali Monday apprised the Senate that water scarcity was an
important national issue and called for jointing hands to cope it
effectively.
Winding up a discussion on deferred motion on water scarcity issue
in Pakistan moved by Saleem Mandviwala and others, the minister said
some 52 million acre feet (MAF) water was wasted in 2010 due to non-
availability of storage capacity.
He said unfortunately Pakistan has only three major reservoirs
including Tarbela, Mangla and Chashma which could store water for
only 30 days.
The minister said the government has acquired 90 per land for
Diamer Bhasha dam and work on it would be started by end of this
year.
He said the government has decided to build the dam from its
own resources.
Similarly, the Mohamand Dam was also approved by ECNEC and
work would be commenced on it during this year.
Abid said there was no mechanism for water conservation in the
country which needed to be realized.
He called for strict legislation regarding water use to
address the water shortage issue in the country.
The minister said that there was dire need of construction of
reservoirs to preserve the rain water for future use.
He said all the provinces should sit together to address the
water issue in the country and make future strategy in this regard.
Earlier, speaking on the motion, the senators said that
Pakistan was among water stressed country and per capita water has
also considerably decreased.
They were of the views that some 27 million people have no
access to clean drinking water as per UNDP report.
They said Pakistan has only 30 days storage capacity while
other developed countries have at least 900 days storage capacity.
The senators urged the chair to constitute a special committee
so it could give proper recommendation in this regard.
They said water has no alternative and said the third world
war might be on water issue.
They said there was also dire need for proper legislation to
use and conserve the water.
They also said WAPDA was also giving priority to power
generation rather than storing water.
They were of the views that the irrigation system in the
country was also outdated which needed to proper attention.
Desilting of dams could also enhance water storage capacities,
they said.
Those who took part in the discussion were included Mohsin
Aziz, Saleem Mandviwalla, Usman Kakar, Taj Haider, Sardar Azam,
Mohsin Laghari, Javed Abbasi, Ayesha Raza and Sirajul Haq.
Later, the chair referred the matter to the Committee of the
Whole of House for detailed deliberations.
With an influx of construction projects along the Gulf Coast and the pace of building not slowing down, operators will have to continually evolve, finding better and faster ways of managing the many resources required to support this changing environment, and create an EPC strategy to stay competitive in this ever-growing market.
“Productivity is down,” commented Adrian Bregnard, Shell projects and technology manager, contracts and procurement. “Projects cost more and are not on time.”
“Here are a few questions that all operators must ask even before the project starts: Is it a cost-driven project? What are we trying to achieve? And how fast can we get from discovery to first oil?” he asked.
Cost, regulatory hurdles, affordability, schedule and production are the key elements of most construction projects. By pinpointing these hurdles early on, many can avoid the pitfalls that inadvertently arise as projects progress. While most project managers want to accelerate the process and avoid delays, this mindset yields little success. Many desire greater cost certainty and control, but if they avoid several key phases during the process, this desired outcome will not come to fruition.
Scope allocation. There are several scope developments one must consider. Historically, “Shell has done more in-house work, but that's changing,” Bregnard said at the Economic Alliance Houston Port Region and BIC Alliance Industrial Procurement Forum held recently in Pasadena, Texas. “We're now looking at you guys in the marketplace to bring your capabilities so we can rely on your expertise instead of us designing and developing the project. We want your ideas and thoughts early in the process so we can take advantage of the collective wisdom and experience in this room.”
Risk allocation. Fundamentally, risk allocation means determining the risk between the owner and the contractors, which plays a huge role in how successful a project can be but also in the relationship between the operator and the various contractors.
“This can either be a very collaborative relationship built on a firm contract of the project, or it can be completely adversarial, where third parties will get involved at the very end of the project, ending in a demise of the relationship,” stated Bregnard.
Low market conditions. The market conditions on the Gulf Coast are very different than on the West Coast or in Pennsylvania, Bregnard commented.
“These locations have very different markets, very different contractor bases, a heavy influence of union organizations and different regulatory governments,” he explained. “And if we're having this conversation in a place like the Middle East, we'd be having a totally different presentation because of how they view how to do contracts and how they approach the market.”
Contract availability within the market is another factor to consider. The swelling demand for materials and labor erodes most projects, Bregnard commented.
“The inability to attract and train new talent is a big part of the productivity problem,” he said. “We all saw what happened in Louisiana; it fundamentally changed what is available from an operator standpoint.”
Technical vs. nontechnical risks. Almost half of construction projects are delayed, with 81 percent of delayed projects having one or more nontechnical causes, according to ERM Analysis. If you evaluate the nontechnical risks, then the business of sustainability can be achieved. Here are four steps to help guide during the process: 1. Understand the project context, 2. Generate options and future scenarios, 3. Quantify sustainability value at stake, and 4. Select and communicate preferred options.
Joint venture (JV) contractors. JVs and consortiums serve as an important medium through which contractors can undertake significant projects. As producers, traders and owners seek to expand their infrastructure assets, there is an increased need to consider engaging or partnering with a JV or consortium contractor to tap into a particular expertise, or work with companies active within a particular geographical location.
This could be a useful way of gaining the benefits of collaboration between a range of experience and expertise while avoiding the risk concentration of reliance on a single company, Bregnard concluded.
For ongoing industry updates, visit BICMagazine.com.
With two practices left this week, San Bradford says he will have a better idea of where his knee is at tomorrow during practice. (0:19)
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. -- Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford may be unsure of his status for Monday's game against Chicago, but he is sure that his left knee is feeling better.
Bradford, who suffered a noncontact injury to his left knee during a Week 1 win over New Orleans and last practiced on Sept. 21, on Friday said the knee has "come a long ways" after he returned to practice Thursday.
"It was night and day in how my knee felt," Bradford said Friday. "... I feel much better on it, I feel much more comfortable moving around. In that regard, I think my mobility has definitely improved."
Editor's Picks Welcome to the NFL: Mitchell Trubisky debuts against tough Vikings' defense A Vikings' defense that ranks third against the run and ninth in points allowed could present some headaches for Bears rookie QB Mitchell Trubisky.
Bradford, who flew to Florida on Sept. 22 to seek a second opinion from orthopedic specialist Dr. James Andrews, was given last week off to rest and rehabilitate his injury. Sources confirmed to ESPN that scans revealed no structural damage and surgery wasn't required.
"I feel good," said Bradford, who wouldn't specify what the injury is. "I think being able to go out there yesterday in practice is obviously a step in the right direction."
Bradford anticipates he'll return before his knee is fully healed and, as coach Mike Zimmer discussed Wednesday, will have to deal with whatever discomfort exists.
"At this point, you're going to have to play through some discomfort," Bradford said. "I would like it to be 100 percent, but I don't even know if that's possible until the bye week or the end of the year.
"The goal is just to be able to go out there and feel comfortable moving around and be able to play knowing I am going to have to play through some discomfort."
After getting the second opinion, Bradford is hopeful this won't be an issue that continues to surface.
"Any time you go for a second opinion there's always a little bit of anxiety because you're not quite sure in how that's going to go or what that conversation is going to be like," he said. "I would say after going down there it was definitely good news.
"It's comforting knowing that if things go according to plan, that it should be something that eventually goes away."
The last time Bradford was questionable prior to a game was Week 2, when he went through a pregame warmup in Pittsburgh to determine how his knee would hold up under game conditions. The workout didn't last long, and Case Keenum has started since.
While he's still being classified as "day to day" by the Vikings, Bradford hopes to know whether he'll be able to play long before the day of the game.
"I would like to have a better idea before then," Bradford said. "Hopefully after today's practice, tomorrow's practice, seeing how it responds to multiple days of practice and multiple days of work, I'll have a better idea of what it's going to be like.
"In my mind, I'm hoping by [Saturday] that I'll have a good idea of where I'm at."
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -– George Santayana
WASHINGTON -- Dusty Baker remembers the past. Perhaps, more than anyone in today's game, he remembers it. A veteran's veteran with nearly five decades of experience as a player, coach and manager, he loves to spin yarns about the old days. How he and roommate Ralph Garr used to go fishing during spring training when they were rookies. How Hank Aaron told him it's OK to be nervous -- just don't be scared. How he has been around long enough to share a dugout with Satchel Paige.
Baker's memory of the past is precisely what led him to Quantico this past Monday. The National League East champs had a day off between their regular-season finale and the start of playoff workouts, and so their skipper found himself an hour south of Nationals Park, along the shores of the Chopawamsic Creek, where half a century ago he'd first been indoctrinated into the Marines.
Washington's last three NL East titles ended in first-round exits. Although Dusty Baker's job isn't necessarily on the line, another NLDS disappointment in D.C. could be devastating for the franchise. Patrick Smith/Getty Images
“Something told me to go,” Baker said.
He didn't bring his wife or his kids. He didn't bring any of the countless friends who constantly surround him, often seated right beside him in his office on game days. He didn't bring any of his players. Just him and his thoughts.
“I had a real out-of-body day, so to speak," he said. "I just reflected and thought about my time in the Marines and thought about what I could gather from there as far as leadership is concerned and bring back to my club.”
If Baker sounds more like the manager of an upstart, upset-minded bunch of ballplayers rather than the pilot of a powerhouse squad that ran away with its fourth division title in six seasons, clinching the division earlier than any team in the past 15 years, you'll have to forgive him. After all, even though he has been at the helm in D.C. for only two seasons, he knows all about Washington's rap sheet.
He knows about 2012, when the top-seeded Washington Nationals -- in their first playoff appearance since relocating from Montreal -- were one out away from the National League Championship Series but lost to the wild-card St. Louis Cardinals, who rallied for four runs off closer Drew Storen. He knows about 2014, when Storen blew the save in Game 2 of the division series, which the wild-card San Francisco Giants went on to win in 18 innings, a backbreaker that lead to a second straight early exit for top-seeded Washington. He knows about 2016 because he watched from the dugout as his higher-seeded Nats coughed up a 2-1 series lead to the Los Angeles Dodgers by losing Games 4 and 5 -- both tight contests that were tied late -- for their third consecutive NLDS collapse. He knows all about the past and he's determined not to repeat it. “Don't think about what you haven't done,” he says. “Think about what you can control, which is like the power of now. We're in now.”
For the Nationals, whose 97 wins were more than any NL team not called the Dodgers, there never has been a better time to win a playoff series (or three) than right now. The lineup -- which features speedster Trea Turner, hit machine Daniel Murphy, slugger Ryan Zimmerman and MVP candidate Anthony Rendon, and just got some guy named Harper back from the DL -- is stacked. Reigning Pitcher of the Month Stephen Strasburg is as healthy and as dominant as he ever has been, partnering with Max Scherzer and Gio Gonzalez to give Washington arguably the best big three in baseball (they each finished among the NL's top five in ERA). Perhaps most importantly, the bullpen, which has played a key role in each of Washington's fall failures, is as good a unit as the Nats have ever had heading into the postseason. Buoyed by the July acquisitions of closer Sean Doolittle and setup men Ryan Madson and Brandon Kintzler, Washington's relievers went from a 5.20 ERA (last in the NL) and 14 blown saves (T-12th) in the first half to a 3.54 ERA (third) and three blown saves since the All-Star break (first).
Yes, Washington finds itself matched up against a Chicago club that posted the NL's best record in the second half and, at last glance, was still the defending World Series champion. But the 2017 Cubs, who finished with 11 fewer wins than a year ago, are a far cry from the 2016 juggernaut. In other words, now is as good a time as any for the Nats to finally break their second-season seal. But hey, no pressure.
“Our desire to win supersedes any exterior pressure from previous failures,” said Scherzer, who was the starter in last year's Game 5 loss to L.A. and whose recently tweaked hamstring could be the largest obstacle in Washington's quest not to repeat the past. “Because that carrot on the end of stick with winning is better than anything that anybody could ever say. But I will say that in this clubhouse, I think there's a chip on the shoulder. This organization hasn't won a playoff series.” Not that winning four NL East titles in six years isn't an achievement.
“When you win a division, that's a big deal,” said veteran outfielder Jayson Werth, who's in his seventh season with the Nationals and has been there for all four division titles. And all three early exits. “Once you get in, all bets are off. Anything can happen. That Dodgers series last year was some of the best baseball I've ever been a part of. When you win a division, there's a lot that you can hang your hat on. Would it be nice to win? Yeah. I've been to the postseason 10 times, and I've won once. You're not guaranteed to win anything.”
Perhaps nobody in a Nationals uniform knows that better than Baker.
In 22 seasons on the bench, Baker has 1,863 regular-season wins on his resume, most among active managers and 14th all time. He has nabbed three Managers of the Year awards, won seven division titles and been to the playoffs eight times. But the 68-year-old skipper still never has won a World Series ring (not as a manager, anyway). That relative lack of postseason success, combined with Washington's absolute lack of playoff prosperity, has led to a perception that if Baker -- whose two-year deal expires at the end of this season and whose lack of a contract extension has grown increasingly conspicuous -- can't lead the Nats to at least an NLDS victory, he won't be asked to return. In reality, that doesn't appear to be the case.
“We're both confident that he'll be back with us,” general manager Mike Rizzo said. “But we haven't had any conversations about it, and we will not do so until we finalize this season.”
Waiting until the offseason to re-up a manager who has averaged 96 wins and won a pair of pennants may seem unorthodox, especially when you consider Clint Hurdle recently received a four-year extension from the Pirates while in the midst of consecutive losing campaigns. But it's more or less standard procedure for Washington.
“That's how they do things,” said one NL exec of Nationals ownership, which last year waited until a month before the deadline to exercise Rizzo's option, despite the GM's strong track record.
For what it's worth, Baker is way too busy trying to exorcise demons -- both his and the franchise's -- to be bothered.
“Not really,” Washington's skipper said earlier this week when asked if he has given any thought to what lies beyond the immediate task at hand. He admitted that, regardless of what happens in the playoffs, he'd like to come back next year and thinks the chances of that happening are good. But he knows that conversation won't happen until after the season. In the meantime, he's more focused on the present than the future.
“I'm concentrating on today.”
And on not repeating the past.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): In order to promote exports, the Economic
Coordination Committee (ECC) on Friday approved a proposal that 50 percent
of the export package incentive for eligible textile and non-textile sectors, announced in Prime Minister's Export Package, be provided on the same terms as for the period January to June 2017 without condition of increment.
A meeting of ECC of the Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi approved that the remaining 50 percent of the rate of incentive would be provided if the exporter achieves an increase of 10 percent or more in exports as compared to the corresponding period of the last year.
It was also approved that an additional two percent drawback would be
provided for export to non-traditional markets. Besides, expeditious settlement of payments claims by the State Bank of Pakistan was also approved.
The meeting approved a proposal submitted by the Commerce Ministry to
allocate additional quantity of 12 million kilograms of surplus tobacco to all the tobacco companies and dealers on pro-rata basis.
The ECC also approved a proposal to deregulate the margins on High-Speed Diesel for the Oil Marketing Companies (OMC) and dealers under the policy of liberalization and deregulation.
The impact of the policy would be reviewed after three months.
It was also decided that OMCs would add Fuel Marker in HSD within six
months at depot stage to avoid adulteration.
It was decided that OGRA would develop a mechanism to monitor the OMCs
commercial stock position, the dealers inventory system and Fuel Marker System.
The ECC provided a provisional approval of the issuance of Government of Pakistan's sovereign guarantee for Rs. 39,000 million for construction of 2X660MW Coal Power Project Jamshoro, subject a third part evaluation especially pertaining to demand and supply situation.
The ECC also extended the period of provision of subsidy to agricultural tube-well consumers in Balochistan till December 31 2017 subject to commitment of past payments by all concerned/stakeholders on same terms and conditions as approved earlier by the ECC on June 17, 2015.
The approval is linked with a comprehensive review of solarization of
the tube-wells to be undertaken on a priority basis in order to save
electricity bills and the subsidy being provided by the federal and the
provincial governments.
The need to put in place efficient irrigation methods likes
drip-irrigation were also emphasized by the meeting.
The ECC approved a summary for extending the period of applicability of reduced rate of 0.4 percent advance income tax on banking transactions of non-filers under section 236P of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001 upto December 2017.
Various measures for rationalization of imports and reducing the import bill were also suggested by Commerce division and Federal Board of Revenue.
The detailed lists of import items would be reviewed and finalized.
BEIJING, April 24 (APP):Chinese Vice President Wang Qishan Tuesday said Pakistan-China relations were
all-weather and a model for inter-state relations.
Talking to Foreign Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif who called on him, the
Chinese Vice President re-affirmed China's support to Pakistan's independence
and sovereignty and its counter-terrorism efforts and stated that China will continue
to contribute to Pakistan's economic development.
He appreciated Pakistan's active participation in the Shanghai Cooperation
Organization and looked forward to the participation of the President of Pakistan
in the SCO Qingdao Summit to be held in June this year.
Khawaja Asif said China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a flagship project of
President Xi Jinping's Belt and Road Initiative was making good progress and
several projects have either been completed or are under implementation.
He said the CPEC will not only contribute to economic development of Pakistan
but also have a salutary effect on the development of the region.
The Foreign Minister congratulated the Vice President on his recent election to
the office and expressed his confidence that the Vice President would continue to
play his role in further strengthening the strong and time-tested bilateral relations
between Pakistan and China.
The Foreign Minister and Vice President discussed various bilateral, regional
and global issues and agreed to continue strategic communications between
Pakistan and China on all issues.
TIMMINS, Ont. — Ontario's police watchdog is investigating a fatal police-involved shooting in the northeastern city of Timmins.
The Special Investigations Unit says it happened Saturday morning at an emergency medical services building on the city's east side.
In a statement Saturday night, the SIU says officers with the Timmins Police Service responded to the building to deal with a man.
The agency says the man fled, and when officers followed there was an "interaction" where one of the officers fired a gun.
In 2015 the downtown campus produced 92 kilotonnes of greenhouse gases, measured in carbon dioxide equivalents.
“The real question is how efficient they are,” said Franz Hartmann, the executive director of the Toronto Environmental Alliance, in a separate interview.
“The size of the emitter doesn't tell you that much about whether they're good or bad,” said Keith Brooks, Environmental Defence's programs director.
But the university and two environmental groups warned that a facility's annual emissions alone don't offer much insight into its environmental record.
The University of Toronto's St. George campus is one of the city's largest greenhouse gas emitters, polluting more than the Redpath sugar refinery, a federal government database shows.
The steam plant heats most of the campus' 130 buildings and a number of off-campus buildings – including the Royal Ontario Museum – through a district heating system.
Most of the campus' greenhouse gas emissions stem from its central steam plant, said Swail.
But the campus is “basically … a city unto itself, it has a population of approximately 80,000 people a day,” said Ron Swail, who is responsible for building operations at the downtown campus and a staff of 600.
The plant, which runs on natural gas, is much more efficient than the alternative, Swail said. It uses five boilers, including one backup, to meet the campus' heating needs instead of about 200 boilers in individual buildings.
It also uses excess heat to produce electricity and waste heat to warm the Bahen Centre, the campus' fourth largest building.
“Many cities are moving towards district energy, which pump steam and water to heat and cool buildings, because they produce fewer emissions and operate more efficiently than conventional on-site heating and cooling systems,” said Carlyle Coutinho, the president of Enwave, which owns the Walton and Pearl Street steam plants.
If each building had its own boiler, U of T may not have been required to report to the federal Facility GHG Emissions Reporting Program, even if the combined emissions still exceeded the reporting threshold. Only facilities that produce more than 50 kilotonnes of greenhouse gases are required to report their emissions through that program.
Like Hartmann and Swail, Brooks said district energy systems are generally more energy efficient than individual furnaces, but there are steps the university can take to further increase the efficiency of their system.
That's something the university takes “very seriously,” said Swail.
It hired its first energy reduction manager in 1977. Since then it has undertaken “hundreds” of initiatives, ranging from lighting changes and roof top solar arrays to full building retrofits, to reduce its energy and water consumption.
Those projects have made a difference. Since 2000 the campus has added 25 buildings, representing more than 3.5 million square feet, and seen a 50 per cent jump in the student campus population.
At the same time its water usage and greenhouse gas emissions have declined.
“We've been able to avoid 50,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions…that's equivalent to over 10,000 cars being taken off the road,” said Swail.
But his team faces challenges, particularly with heritage buildings, on a campus where the average building age is 80 years old.
In a typical energy efficiency retrofit, upgrades to a building's outer structure would be undertaken.
With heritage buildings, “it's very difficult when you have outside facades you're not allowed to touch and inside facades that are absolutely beautiful,” Swail said.
In those cases, upgrades like new windows and caulking around doorways can still make a difference.
In other cases, like U of T's McCaul Street Exam Centre, a retrofit can make a huge difference.
Retrofitted from a warehouse in 2008, the building was the university's first, but no longer only, LEED Gold building.
A living wall in the lobby welcomes visitors and the 60,000 students who write their exams in the building. In the basement, two large cisterns collect water used to flush toilets. While on the roof, a 67 kilowatt solar array and off-white roof tiles help lower the building's greenhouse gas footprint.
Overall, the building uses roughly 60 per cent less water and 30 per cent less electricity than a typical building.
Numerous other initiatives are underway at U of T's downtown campus, supported by the university's $7.5 million Green Revolving Fund and funding from the provincial and federal governments.
There are plans to retrofit 50 per cent of the campuses research facilities, which are some of the university's most energy intensive buildings, and new university design standards have recently been established that will ensure all new structures are at least 20 per cent more energy efficient than the latest standards.
Plans are also in the works for a new 14 storey timber building – a less energy intensive building material than steel or cement – and new net zero laneway houses in the Huron-Sussex neighbourhood.
“We've got a lot of oars in the water,” Swail said.
Greg Schiano would have earned $27.7 million in a proposed deal of six-plus years with Tennessee before the deal fell apart because of uproar from fans and on social media.
The school on Monday released a copy of the memorandum of understanding (MOU) between John Currie, who has since been replaced by Phillip Fulmer as athletic director, and Schiano.
ESPN had reported last month that the MOU was never signed by Chancellor Beverly Davenport, which was likely to lead to a battle over whether Tennessee owed Schiano any money.
The memorandum of understanding between Greg Schiano and Tennessee was signed by Schiano and then-AD John Currie, but not by Chancellor Beverly Davenport or the school's chief financial officer, David Miller. Stacy Revere/Getty Images
The MOU, which ESPN obtained through an open records request, says the terms are binding and does not say that the lack of a signature by any party makes it invalid. But a spokesperson for the school said the document also was never signed by Tennessee's chief financial officer, David Miller, which the school says makes the contract invalid.
The document was signed by Currie and e-signed by Schiano, who had been scheduled to fly to Knoxville, Tennessee, from Columbus, Ohio, the night of Nov. 26 to be introduced as coach.
But the school announced it was no longer pursuing Schiano after protests on campus and social media posts raised questions about Schiano's past as an assistant coach at Penn State.
It is still not known whether Schiano is making any kind of claim based on what was represented to him. If he believes he was in fact hired, and then fired without cause, he would be owed 75 percent of the contract, which would equal $20.7 million.
Attempts to contact Schiano's agent, Jimmy Sexton, were unsuccessful. Currie, who hasn't spoken publicly since the school replaced him with Fulmer, did not return a message seeking comment.
Currie continued the coaching search for another four days, but after being turned down by several candidates for the job, the school decided to replace him.
Tennessee hired Alabama defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt as its new coach on Dec. 8.
Addressing the Cybersecurity Skills Gap
IT professionals need help confronting cybersecurity threats and increasingly sophisticated attacks.
Police move in to Piedmont Park to prevent protesters from toppling a Confederate monument with a chain after they spray-painted it, Aug. 13, 2017, in Atlanta. A Massachusetts police department is investigating a Facebook comment by an officer who wrote “Hahahaha love this” in response to a story about a car crashing into counter-protesters at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, killing one person and injuring at least 19 others. (Photo: Curtis Compton / AP)
Springfield, Mass. — A Massachusetts police officer is facing disciplinary action for writing “Hahahaha love this” on Facebook in response to a story about a car striking and killing a counter-protester at a white supremacist rally in Virginia.
Springfield Officer Conrad Lariviere later apologized, saying in a Facebook conversation with Masslive.com that he's a “good man who made a stupid comment.”
Springfield Police Commissioner John Barbieri said he received a complaint about the comment Sunday.
“I took immediate steps to initiate a prompt and thorough internal investigation,” Barbieri said via email. “If in fact this post did originate from an officer employed with the Springfield Police Department, this matter will be reviewed by the Community Police Hearings Board for further action.”
Democratic Mayor Domenic Sarno denounced the comments.
“There is no place for this in our society, let alone from a Springfield Police Officer,” Sarno said in a statement.
Lariviere had written on Facebook: “Hahahaha love this, maybe people shouldn't block road ways.”
He was responding to a story about the death on Saturday of 32-year-old Heather Heyer, who was struck by a car that plowed into a crowd of people protesting the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Nineteen others were injured. James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, was arrested shortly after and charged with second-degree murder.
Lariviere also questioned whether the driver of the car that struck the crowd was a “nazi scumbag.”
He responded to a critic who asked whether he had ever been struck by a car, saying he had been struck by someone “with warrants, but who cares right you ignorant brat live in a fantasy land with the rest of America while I deal with the real danger.”
Lariviere told Masslive.com he is not a racist.
“Never would I want someone to get murdered. I am not a racist and don't believe in what any of those protesters are doing,” he said.
Lariviere was a member of the Springfield Police Academy's 2014 graduating class. A message left by The Associated Press at a listed number for a Conrad Lariviere in Springfield was not immediately returned.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w6ePsz
Y'all want a contest? We've got a contest.
It's time for Modern Dad to give away his first smartphone, and we're going to start with one of the more interesting ones of 2017. The Huawei P series isn't all that well known in the United States, but worldwide, it's made quite a name for itself. It's a powerful smartphone that has the added bonus of not being huge. It's got a very capable camera system — two, in fact, with the secondary lens leading an artsy monochrome movement.
Basically, you now have the opportunity to be the first kid on your block with one of these.
For more on the P10, be sure to check out the full AC review. And to enter to win, hit up the widget below. Good luck!
Win a FREE Huawei P10!
Or enter to win at Modern Dad
ST. ALBERT, ALTA.—Memorial scholarships are being set up to honour four Alberta hockey players who died in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash. Logan Hunter, Jaxon Joseph, Conner Lukan and Stephen Wack were among the 16 people killed April 6 when the Saskatchewan junior hockey team's bus and a semi-trailer collided at a rural intersection.
Memorial scholarships are being set up in names of four Alberta hockey players who were killed in the Humboldt Broncos bus crash. Logan Hunter, Jaxon Joseph, Conner Lukan and Stephen Wack were among the 16 people killed on April 6 when the junior hockey team's bus and a semi-trailer collided at a rural Saskatchewan intersection. ( Liam Richards / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Each of the four had played minor hockey in St. Albert, Alta., a bedroom community northwest of Edmonton. The players' deaths led to the establishment of the St. Albert Humboldt Remembrance Committee in mid-May. “The tragedy of the Humboldt Broncos has been felt very deeply here in St. Albert and across Canada,” said committee chairman Nolan Crouse. “We have supported one another as we collectively mourned, and now we plan to do something positive to honour the memories of these young men.”
Article Continued Below
The committee said it will honour the legacy of each player by installing memory plaques on four benches in St. Albert. It is also raising money for memorial scholarships named for Hunter, Joseph, Lukan and Wack. The committee is working with the Edmonton Oilers Alumni, the City of St. Albert and others in the community. One event being planned is a four-team hockey tournament July 6-8 in St. Albert. Another fundraiser called the Jersey Gala is likely to be held in October or November. Two other players who died in the crash were from Alberta communities. Another 13 players from Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba were injured.
Read more about:
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said it would be "precarious" to pursue a balanced budget and health-care supports simultaneously, adding that the current measures strike the best compromise.
"We can continue to balance, or we could continue to make these other investments that stimulate economic growth as well," he said. "We're choosing to do that with a moderate deficit next year in order to accommodate all those areas."
The speech made no mention of rising electricity rates that have contributed to historically low popularity rates for Premier Kathleen Wynne and which are expected to be a key issue at the ballot box when voters go to the polls.
At least one opposition party promptly dismissed the Liberals' planned health-care measures as carrots dangled in anticipation of the looming vote.
New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath likened the plan to her own dental-care platform announced just days ago, which saw her promise to invest $1.2 billion on a dental program that would subsidize care for 4.5 million residents.
"The difference is New Democrats actually believe these things and will implement them upon being elected," Horwath said, adding that the Liberals often change their tune after they've been voted in. "We believe in these things before elections and after elections."
Horwath has said the money for the dental care program, dubbed Ontario Benefits, would be raised through tax increases on corporations and wealthy individuals. She has said her government would run a deficit, but not provided additional details.
The Canadian Press
The Canadian Press
A family which has raised more than £200,000 for the Southern Area Hospice and the NI Children's Hospice through its annual tractor run has had two items of machinery stolen from its farm in Armagh.
The Livingstone family is appealing for information after a tractor and agricultural fertiliser sower were stolen from its yard, W A Livingstone's, in the early hours of Wednesday.
Last year's tractor run - the fifth organised by Wesley Livingstone and his five sons- was attended by more than 600 tractors, many from the Portadown and surrounding areas.
Stanley Livingstone said the family was overwhelmed by the support it had received from both sides of the community since the theft. “The messages we have been getting on Facebook have been unbelievable.”
And he said this was in marked contrast to the people who stole the machinery, whom he branded as “thugs”.
The John Deere 6210R, registration number UJZ 5092, and the brand-new Sulky DX40 Econov fertiliser sower were taken from the yard on the Lisnafeedy Road sometime between 2am and 3am.
The tractor, which took part in the past three tractor runs, has several W A Livingstone and Sons stickers, one on each side of the cab and one on the roof.
The fertiliser also has the sticker emblazoned on the back.
DUP MLA for Newry & Armagh William Irwin condemned the latest rural crime incident.
Mr Irwin said: “Once again a hardworking rural family who I know extremely well have been targeted by ruthless criminals and thieves who stole a John Deere tractor and fertiliser sower. This is another despicable crime committed by those who have nothing whatsoever to offer society and prey on decent people in the darkness of the night.
“This type of crime, particularly given its huge value, creates a real sense of anger and revulsion throughout the rural farming community and an increased visible Police presence particularly during the early hours is essential to reassure the local community.”
Mr Irwin urged anyone with information on the tractor to contact police.
YouTube is taking another step forward in purging the video streaming platform from inaccurate content, and this time it is chasing channels promoting conspiracy theories and state-backed propaganda. YouTube has been the subject of criticisms in the last few years, particularly on its role in spreading wrong information.
The company on Friday announced its plans to change the way it provides users context for videos promoting such content. YouTube chief product officer Neal Mohan said it would label all videos of broadcasting companies sponsored by any states.
Also read: Cryptojackers use YouTube ads to mine digital coins
On top of state-sponsored videos, the Google unit will also be looking at conspiracy theories and try providing relevant content from reliable news sources. Mohan admitted that their platform has been infested with videos of such kind and they do not know yet how to select relevant videos.
YouTube depends largely on algorithms to parse and recommend videos. With the new scheme, Mohan said this way of selection may find it difficult to sort out which ones are theories and which ones are not.
In 2017, Mohan directed his team to enhance YouTube as a platform to get news, including moves to promote "an ever-changing list of authoritative news sources" that it chooses with the help the Google News team.
"The principle here is to provide more information to our users, and let our users make the judgment themselves, as opposed to us being in the business of providing any sort of editorial judgment on any of these things ourselves," says Mohan.
YouTube's crackdown is still in the development phase and it remains uncertain when YouTube officials will begin pushing the planned changes.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — The Latest on the sentencing of three defendants in the death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire (all times local):
5:45 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
Williams and Colbert both got 107-year sentences in connection with the slaying. Colbert also got an additional two-year term on an unrelated charge. Williams' 107-year term was added to a 36-year sentence he already was serving after being convicted of attempted murder last year in the shooting of Larry North, who was a reluctant witness for the state in this trial.
___
4:15 p.m.
One defendant has received a life sentence and two co-defendants have been given prison terms of more than 100 years each for their roles in the 2015 death of a teenage football player who shielded friends from gunfire.
Knox County Criminal Court Judge Steven Sword sentenced Christopher Drone Bassett to life plus 35 years on Friday. Sword sentenced Richard Gregory Williams III to 143 years and Kipling Deshawn Colbert to 109 years.
The sentences for Colbert and Williams include time given for charges not directly related to Dobson's death. It wasn't immediately clear how much time was given for each charge.
NEW YORK POST – NATALIE O'NEILL
The Mayan civilization was much bigger than anyone realized — on a par with ancient Greece or China, according to a major archaeological breakthrough.
Researchers have digitally unearthed more than 60,000 man-made ruins — including palaces, cities and elevated highways — that have been hidden for centuries in the jungles of northern Guatemala, National Geographic reports.
The Mayan civilization was previously believed to be populated by 5 million people, but the breakthrough shows it may have been up to three times bigger, according to the archaeologists behind the report.
RAWALPINDI, Aug 14 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS) on Monday visited
forward troops deployed at Line of Control (LoC).
According to an Inter Services Public Relations (ISPR) statement issued
here, the COAS was apprised of the recent abnormally frequent Cease Fire Violations from the Indian side and effective response by Pakistani troops.
The Army chief was told that the only restraint faced by Pakistani
troops was the professional ethos of Pakistan Army which barred them from responding in kind when Indian troops target innocent civilians along the LoC.
He lauded the motivation and spirit of the troops stating that there was
no better way to celebrate independence than defending the country.
The COAS said that the Indian Army's atrocities had not been able to
deter the spirit and sacrifices of the brave Kashmiris in Indian Occupied Kashmir.
“We will always stand with them in their just struggle against
repression,” he added.
Earlier, on arrival, the COAS was received by Commander Rawalpindi Corps, Lieutenant General Nadeem Raza.
NIZHNY NOVGOROD, RUSSIA—First, it was his hand. Then, his teeth. Luis Suarez's feet and football ability have yet to take centre stage for Uruguay at a World Cup. Maybe this time it will, now that his head is right.
Luis Suarez celebrates Uruguay's 2-1 victory over Portugal in the Round of 16. ( ODD ANDERSEN / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
Like Barcelona teammate and close friend Lionel Messi, Suarez could be playing for his World Cup legacy in Russia. At best he has three games left, starting with Friday's quarterfinal against France. Messi's failures at the World Cup have been well documented. Suarez's experiences have been far rawer. At both his previous tournaments, the Uruguay striker hasn't just left disappointed, he's left in disgrace, labeled a cheat in one and the world's dirtiest player in the other.
Article Continued Below
“You mature, you learn things and you live in the present,” Suarez said at Uruguay's team base in Russia in the buildup to the France game. In South Africa in 2010, Suarez's defining act was to block a goal-bound header from Ghana with his hand in the dying seconds of extra time in their quarterfinal. Suarez was sent off for the intentional handball but Ghana missed the resulting penalty. Suarez's clear cheating and wild celebrations on the side of the field incensed a continent as it helped Uruguay reach the semifinals at the expense of Africa's last hope. Four years ago in Brazil, there was an even more shocking exit: Suarez bit Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini in a group game — leaving visible teeth marks in Chiellini's left shoulder — and FIFA banned him for nine matches and four months, ending his tournament. It was the third time Suarez had been banned for biting an opponent. Suarez, now 31, is back for another go at the World Cup, maybe his last.
At Uruguay's base he appeared unaffected by his ignominious history at the tournament, answering questions from journalists about previous disciplinary breakdowns with no outward signs of discomfort. There seemed to be no attempts to hide anything, either. Suarez has taken steps to address his on-field behaviour for Uruguay, he said, with the help of Oscar Tabarez, the coach and former teacher who has been in charge for Suarez's entire international career.
Article Continued Below
“Tabarez helps a lot. He's one of the best coaches in the world because of his personality, the way he helps players,” Suarez said. “Personally, he has helped me a lot. Before games, he always talks to me about what goes on in my head. That's important to me. That talk I have with him is important.” For over a decade, Tabarez has worked to develop a specific team mantra in the Uruguay squad, putting emphasis on humility, work ethic and respect for others. That has manifested itself at the team's World Cup base in Russia, a sports centre on the outskirts of Nizhny Novgorod where the players' accommodation is more like school dormitories than five-star luxury. From the camp, stories emerge of Uruguay's best players and biggest stars being asked to clear away their own plates and cutlery after meals, wash their own boots, carry training equipment to and from the field, and, in a nod to plain good manners, start press conferences by greeting journalists with a “good morning” or “good afternoon.” Suarez also spoke about the “serenity” Tabarez brought to the squad and referred to himself, once the troublemaker, as now a veteran and a role model. “Now I'm one of the oldest, an example ... the younger ones look up to us,” Suarez said. “You get nervous (in games), but at the same time you are one of the ones who have to remain calm. You have to set a good example to the younger ones. You have learned how to handle these situations.”
Michigan State University president Lou Anna Simon. (Photo: Todd McInturf / Detroit News file)
Lansing — Michigan State University President Lou Anna K. Simon should resign because the university has failed young women who were sexual assaulted by former gymnastics Dr. Larry Nassar, state House Speaker Tom Leonard said Monday.
The DeWitt Republican is the highest ranking state official to call for Simon to step down in the wake of the Nassar scandal. He's joining calls for an independent probe of MSU after internal investigators cleared university officials of wrongdoing but did not produce a report of their findings.
“The best case scenario for Michigan State University is that there was absolutely gross negligence all the way to the top, and worst case scenario, something's being covered up,” Leonard told The Detroit News.
A university spokesman did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
Nassar, 54, has pleaded guilty to 10 counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct covering nine victims in separate Ingham and Eaton county court agreements. Most victims of the former MSU and USA Gymnastics doctor are expected to give impact statements at Nassar's sentencing in January, including 125 victims who reported incidents to MSU.
Leonard's call for Simon to resign comes five days after an attorney who represents MSU and led the university's internal investigation said he could not provide Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette with a copy of his findings because no report was ever prepared.
Former federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald told Schuette his team investigated the university to determine if any evidence was “knowingly assisted or concealed” and would have reported any such evidence to law enforcement if it had been found.
Leonard said he was “appalled” internal investigators did not document their findings in any report. A former assistant prosecutor for Genesee County, Leonard said his office went through hundreds of investigations and thousands of warrants during his three-year tenure.
“Not once was there ever a situation where we had an investigation and a report wasn't produced,” Leonard said. “There were often times that a report didn't produce charges, but there was always a report that was produced.”
The MSU Board of Trustees defended Simon earlier this month after the Lansing State Journal called on her to resign over the Nassar scandal.
“Our full confidence in President Lou Anna K. Simon has not wavered,” trustees wrote in a joint op-ed on Dec. 3. “We firmly believe she is the right leader for this university.”
Term-limited in the House, Leonard is seeking the Republican nomination for state attorney general in 2018. His top GOP rival for the post, state Sen. Tonya Schuitmaker, was among a group of senators who met with Nassar victims last week in Lansing.
Former U.S. Attorney Pat Miles, a Democrat seeking the attorney general nomination, and gubernatorial hopeful Gretchen Whitmer are among others also calling for an independent investigation of MSU.
Leonard said the probe should include the U.S. Department of Justice, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Schuette's office and state police.
MSU “botched” a Title IX investigation in 2014 and has “not been responsive” to the young women that Nassar sexually assaulted, said Leonard, who earned his juris doctorate the Michigan State University College of Law.
“This all leads to the fact that one of the finest universities in this country – their reputation has been completely tarnished,” Leonard said. “I don't see any way the healing process is going to begin and we are going to start doing these young women justice until we have another president sitting at Michigan State University.”
Until now, few political leaders have weighed in on the issue.
“I am so grateful for leaders who are willing to speak for the victims, even when it could cost (them),” Denhollander, now 33, said Monday. “That is real leadership. For so long we have had to fight for ourselves and been silenced. It has been exhausting, discouraging, and painful. To everyone willing to take a stand, thank you.”
Other victims feel the same, added John Manly, a California-based attorney representing 106 women in civil lawsuits.
“Our clients are very grateful to Speaker Leonard for his call to hold President Simon accountable for MSU's serious failures regarding the Larry Nassar child and athlete molestation case,” said Manly.
“All of the survivors hope and pray that at Friday's MSU Trustee meeting, all the trustees, beginning with Chairman Brian Breslin and Vice Chairman Joel Ferguson, will demand MSU cease treating Larry Nassar's victims as adversaries and begin the process of healing and real accountability that the survivors and the MSU community needs to recover from this horror.”
In a letter to Schuette last week, Fitzgerald said the internal MSU investigation led by his law firm and another did not produce evidence that any university officials “believed that Nassar committed sexual abuse prior to newspaper reports in late summer 2016.”
Nassar “fooled everyone” around him, including colleagues, Fitzgerald said. He noted there was an FBI investigation as he criticized plaintiff attorneys also calling for an independent investigation.
“While many in the community today wish that they had identified Nassar as a predator, we believe the evidence in this case will show that no one else at MSU knew that Nassar engaged in criminal behavior,” Fitzgerald said.
Nassar was separately sentenced last week by a federal judge to 60 years in prison for possessing 37,000 images of child pornography. The pornography emerged in September 2016 when a former Kalamazoo woman, Rachael Denhollander, reported that Nassar had sexually abused her when she was a 15-year-old gymnast.
MSU fired Nassar soon after he turned in his work laptop computer that had been wiped completely clean. Then MSU police discovered external hard drives that had been thrown away in Nassar's garage can in front of his house on trash collection day.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2BcKgo8
The Federal High Court has annouced the redeployment of 10 Federal HighCourt Judges.The affected judges include1. Hon Justice S Saidu from Port harcourt to Lagos2. Hon Justice B.B Aliyu from Yola to Portharcourt3. Hon Justice I.M Sani from Lokoja to Uyo4. Hon Justice I.L Ojukwu from Uyo to Abuja5. Hon Justice D.U Okoronkwo from Ekiti to Lokoja6. Hon Justice Agamah from Portharcourt to Ekiti7. Hon Justice F.O Giwa-Ogunganjo From Abeokuta to Port Harcourt8. Hon Justice Adamu Turaki Mohammede- Portharcourt to Abeokuta9. Hon Justice A.M.Z Anka from Lagos to Yola10. Hon Justice Ibrahim Watila from Portharcourt to AbeokutaThe affected judges are expected to resume in their new divisions by October 23rd, 2017. The judges shall continue with the hearing of criminal cases currently before them, as well if least two witnesses have testified."
BELLEVILLE, Ont. — Search and rescue personnel from CFB Trenton have helped get an injured snowmobiler in Ontario's far north to hospital.
A Hercules aircraft and a Griffon helicopter flew to a remote hunting camp about 20 kilometres north of Attawapiskat, Ont., on Tuesday, where a snowmobiler had fallen off the machine, landing on ice.
Master Cpl. Brent Nolasco says rescuers parachuted to the scene from the Hercules and stabilized the patient, while the Canadian Rangers and the snowmobiler's family kept a fire going to keep everyone warm.
The injured person was taken to Moosonee, Ont., by helicopter, transferred to the Hercules, and flown to a hospital in Sudbury, Ont.
Volkswagen will build a second SUV at its plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
VW Group of America CEO Hinrich Woebcken confirmed during last week's 2017 New York auto show that a second SUV will be built at the Chattanooga plant, and that the vehicle would be a five-seater, Automotive News (subscription required) reports.
The plant is where VW builds a Passat designed exclusively for North America as well as the Atlas seven-seat SUV, and where VW recently invested $900 million to accommodate the new vehicles.
It's a safe bet that the new five-seat SUV will be a production version of the string of Cross Coupe GTE concepts, the most recent of which was unveiled at the 2015 Detroit auto show. (It won't be the Tiguan as VW is sourcing the vehicle from a plant in Mexico for sale here.)
The Cross Coupe GTE concept, which shares its MQB platform with the Atlas and a host of other Volkswagen Group vehicles, carried VW's latest design trends with muscular hips and strong lines throughout the exterior. The concept was also a plug-in hybrid and there's a good chance any production version will also feature such an option. Due to Dieselgate, VW will need to add more electrified models to improve its average fuel economy numbers.
Speaking in N.Y., Woebcken said VW will continue to shift its focus from being a car-centric brand and become a "family friendly" automaker with an eye on SUVs. The plans will start by introducing an industry-leading six-year, 72,000-mile warranty on the Atlas and Tiguan lines.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are few greater pleasures in life than enjoying a delicious meal in an excellent restaurant – and there are plenty of places in Bristol where you can truly make the most of such an experience.
We all know Bristol's central streets are packed with amazing places to eat, with the likes of Adelina Yard and Casamia needing no introduction, but there are also plenty of places in Bristol's outlying neighbourhoods which are equally worthy of a moment in the spotlight.
There are some incredible smaller restaurants tucked away both in Bristol's suburbs and the city centre, but the trick knows where to look. When money and time are both precious, taking a bet on a smaller, lesser-known restaurant is a bit of a gamble – but these are the places which are well worth finding out.
So, if you're looking to try somewhere new where you know your money won't be wasted, we recommend getting your lips round something tasty at any of the spots listed below.
Bristol City Centre
Chai Shai
This tiny Indian at the bottom of Jacob's Wells Road feels like you're eating in a friend's living room – and that is in no way a bad thing.
Expect unusual Indian dishes such as fragrant Achari chicken, aubergine and chana and aloo paratha. There's no tikka masala to be seen.
Sergio's
(Image: Dan Regan)
If typical Italian food done brilliantly is your thing, then Sergio's, on Frogmore Street, should be next on your list. It's very reasonably priced and is also BYOB, so is a great choice if you're looking to keep costs low.
Spoke and Stringer
Brunch in an incredible setting is firmly on the menu at Spoke and Stringer. You can tuck into delicious dishes such as steak and eggs, shakshuka and poached eggs with smashed avocado, all while overlooking Bristol's beautiful harbour. Heavenly.
Mayflower
The Mayflower is located right beneath the Bearpit roundabout, but don't let the location put you off – the food is out of this world. It's widely looked upon as serving up the city's tastiest Chinese food, so it's well worth hunting out. Oh, and it's open until 3am.
Bertha's
Sourdough pizza is everywhere in Bristol at the moment, but few places do it quite as well as Bertha's. It has a great range of white, tomato and vegan pizzas, along with house gelatos and delicious meats and cheeses.
Spuntino
It's one of the lesser-known Cargo 2 eateries, but it won rave reviews from our critic Mark Taylor when it opened this year. Spuntino is an Italian-American inspired diner with mouthwatering food – think lobster mac and cheese, buttermilk fried chicken and cocktails to die for.
Mezze Palace
(Image: David Betts)
This Lebanese restaurant is hidden underground and is well worth seeking out. You can tuck into traditional fare such as grilled chicken, kofta, mezze platters and houmous, and it's all ridiculously cheap too.
Under the Stars
It's not just a great place to enjoy a drink – this restaurant-on-a-boat does some cracking food too. Its range of tapas dishes is both creative and expansive and is perfect for a warm evening with some friends.
Kathmandu
Tucked away close to Colston Hall, Kathmandu is still one of the city's best restaurants after 14 years of service. Make sure you check out its opening tray of dips – at just 80p, it's one of Bristol's tastiest and cheapest dishes.
Bedminster
Oowee
Although the original Oowee is in Montpelier, the Bedminster branch is bigger and bolder. These are the absolute juiciest, filthiest burgers you can imagine, and if you've got room, the fries are every bit as impressive.
Jaspers Jamaican Diner
In amongst the numerous hipster bars and cafes of North Street is one of Bristol's most authentic Caribbean restaurants. The diner has amazing platters and main dishes, such as ackee and saltfish, curry goat and oxtail.
Mezzaluna
It might be in one of the less fashionable parts of Bedminster, but Mezzaluna's vast Mediterranean menu truly has something for everyone. Its friendly staff also add to the charm – and its crazily cheap pizza collection deal isn't exactly bad either.
Thai Garden
You don't have to travel across the world to experience true Thai hospitality and cuisine – instead, you just need to head down to Bedminster. It's said to be great value for money, with three courses costing less than £30 per person, and you can also bring your own booze.
Westbury Park
Prego
This North View spot is arguably one of Bristol's best neighbourhood restaurants, with delicious pizza, pasta and wine all on offer. Head down on a Monday night, when you can tuck into any pizza for £7.95 if you purchase a drink.
Mesa
Just along the road from Prego is Mesa, which serves beautiful tapas. You've got a mix of Spanish classics, such as tortilla with aioli, alongside more unusual dishes such as aubergine fries with cumin salt, crispy octopus and brisket with potatoes.
Clifton
Kuch
You've probably passed by this Whiteladies Road eatery dozens of times without giving it a second thought. Well, it's time to change all that, as Kuch is serving up brilliant Middle Eastern food without a hefty price tag. Make sure you tuck into the Taftoon flatbread with mast o khiar as a starter.
Souk Kitchen
Souk Kitchen's Clifton eatery has an impressive range of Mediterranean brunch, lunch and dinner dishes. A popular choice is their mezze, which has delicacies such as chargrilled halloumi, roasted Turkish peppers with goat's cheese and fried cod cheeks.
Bosco
It's possibly the poshest pizza joint in Bristol – and it's definitely one of the tastiest. Bosco's amazing, filling pizzas need little introduction, but if you fancy something a little different, their pastas and salads are equally tasty. The specials menu is always worth a look too.
Joy Raj
(Image: Joy Raj/Facebook)
This quaint curry house is in the running to be crowned one of Britain's best, which tells you everything you need to know. There are plenty of unusual dishes on the menu here, which mean you'll never need to order a bland tikka masala or be stuck with a korma.
Redland
Greens
If you take pride in knowing where your food comes from, Greens should be right up your street. It only uses fresh, seasonal produce from local suppliers, with their menu described as ‘everyday fine dining'.
No Man's Grace
Redland's reputation for fine dining neighbourhood restaurants is growing, and it's thanks to places such as No Man's Grace. Its menu changes regularly thanks to its commitment to seasonal food, so expect a surprise each time you visit.
Casa Mexicana
Good Mexican food isn't the easiest thing to come by in Bristol, but Casa Mexicana do it better than most. They've been on Zetland Road since 1986, so you can expect home-cooked, traditional food done incredibly well.
Cotham
Muino
In an area overrun with tapas bars and restaurants, Muino stands out thanks to its amazing deals. It serves up five small plates for £25, or two courses for £16 before 7pm every night – and with dishes such as chargrilled steak skewers, tuna carpaccio and Somerset pork belly, it's too good an offer to resist.
Bishopston
Bomboloni
This Gloucester Road restaurant is fast gaining a reputation as one of Bristol's most affordable, family-friendly restaurants – without losing an ounce of style. Mains are around the £10 mark but include delicious choices such as pesto gnocchi, linguini carbonara and pizzas.
The Gallimaufry
The Galli is technically a pub, but if you've never tried its food you're seriously missing out. Their Galli plates deal is one of the best around – you can get three small plates for £15 from 12-7pm, Monday to Friday.
Redfield
The Lock-Up
Redfield and St George are becoming more and more popular among Bristol's foodies, and it's thanks to places like The Lock-Up on Church Road. It serves pub classics such as steaks and burger, but there are some more unusual dishes such as seafood chowder, veal and roasted cauliflower to get stuck into as well.
Easton
Dela
Dela is the new kid among Bristol's neighbourhood restaurants – it only opened in September, but it's already getting people talking. It focuses on communal eating, seasonality and provenance, all inspired by Scandi culture and style.
Kingsdown
Chris and Jo's Kitchen
There are few things better in life than a great little place to have lunch, and Chris and Jo's Kitchen is exactly that. It focuses on classic cooking at a great price, with the £12.95 bavette steak with garlic butter, courgettes and fries really turning our heads.
Fishponds
The Cross Hands
Described as ‘Fishponds' gastropub', the Cross Hands does great quality food and special steak nights. It also hosts occasional comedy nights in its upstairs room too.
La Piazza 1
La Piazza 1 is a true gem – hearty Italian cooking, friendly service and excellent prices. Next time you're looking for somewhere to take the family, you could do a lot worse than here.
Staple Hill
Shadin
Although Indian restaurant Shadin mainly does takeaway, it can seat a small number of people and is always packed come the weekend. It offers really good value and consistently high-quality food, with some sophisticated chef's specials on the eat-in menu.
Downend
Italb
(Image: Nigel Tailby)
Italb really does tick all the boxes. It's a really good value family-run Italian restaurant, which can rise to a special occasion but also does takeaway pizza and pasta.
Tamarind
Tamarind is slightly pricier than the average curry house, but its menu is so diverse that you don't mind splashing out a little. Its ingredients include delicacies like crab, snapper and trout, if you like things a little fishier.
Stokes Croft
Rice n Things
Anyone who's ever been stuck in traffic on Cheltenham Road on a Friday morning will tell you just how great the Rice n Things outdoor smoker smells. It's truly delicious. Their jerk chicken will have you coming back every lunchtime, without fail.
Totterdown
Totterdown Canteen
It's undeniably the king of breakfasts in South Bristol. You can tuck into a medium breakfast, consisting of two bacon rashers, two sausages, egg, tomatoes, hash brown, mushrooms, toast or bread and butter for just £5.50, - need we say more?
Horfield
Zanky's
The far end of Gloucester Road is a little neglected when it comes to eating out, but Zanky's is changing all that. It's a cracking little Italian, with a great range of starters, pasta dishes and ravioli.
Henleaze
Ciao
Bristol is packed with great little Italian restaurants, and Ciao in Henleaze is no exception. It has a huge range of pastas and pizzas to choose from, so you can be sure nobody will leave disappointed.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Terming the current trade volume as far below the potential, Secretary General Economic Coordination Organization (ECO) Halil Ibrahim Akca on Monday called upon the ECO member states to double their joint efforts for increasing the intra-regional trade by two folds.
“ECO Vision 2025 has stipulated to double the intra-regional trade for which we need to at least re-double efforts,” he said while addressing the 28th meeting of Economic Cooperation Organisation Regional Planning Council (ECORPC) here.
He said the intra-regional ECO trade accounts for 7.64 per cent of the total trade of the ECO member states which is not comparable with peer economic blocs, therefore ECO needs to intensify efforts on this account.
The ECO's share in global trade, he said has been stagnating around just 2 percent of the total trade of the ECO member states despite the fact that ECO has 6.2 percent of the world population.
The four-day meeting was kicked off here to review progress on the implementation of the ECO-approved programmes and projects, and to consider proposals for new programmes and projects for 2018-2019.
The inaugural session was co-chaired by minister for Interior and Planning Ahsan Iqbal and Halil Ibrahim.
The meeting is being attended by representatives of 10 ECO member countries besides high officials from the concerned federal ministries.
This forum will discuss preparations for ECO's Special Conference on Afghanistan and will adopt the draft outcomes of the ministerial segment on Annual Work Programme 2018, calendar of events 2018 and draft ECO Advocacy Policy for Afghanistan.
Halil Ibrahim said although China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) was not part of ECO but the member states of the organization were very much interested to take benefit of the corridor.
He said in view of the rapid socio-economic, political and scientific developments in the world, and taking into account the opportunities and challenges, ECO is paving the way to a territory of integrated and sustainable economies as well as free trade area achieved by highly educated societies and improved governance through enhanced cooperation.
Regarding energy sector, he informed “We are in process of developing the next ECO plan of action for energy and petroleum cooperation for teh period 2018-22, building on the achievements and shortcomings of the existing ECO plan of action (2010-15), taking into account adopted “ECO VIsion 2025” and the trending UN SDGs.
He said the envisaged new plan of action was expected to be finalized and approved by the 4th ECO ministerial meeting on Energy to be held in Turkey.
Speaking on the cooperation in agriculture sector, the ECO secretary general said the ECO had launched the ECO regional programme for food security with the technical assistance of FAO in 2004-05, which is updated several times.
He said in the ECO region besides agriculuture industry is one of the main drivers which bring nations to more prosperous and sustainable futures. He said the ECO region needs to focus on the contribution of industrial through adoption of relevant standards and criteria and establishment and enhancement of quality infrastructure in the region.
The ECO had been established in 1985 by Iran, Pakistan and Turkey which was later joined by seven new members; Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan.
Meanwhile speaking on the occasion Ahsan Iqbal stressed the need for enhancing regional connectivity among the member states of Economic Coordination Organization (ECO) to maximize trade volume among the member states.
“Keeping in view the increasing connectivity across the world, the region requires greater collaboration to promote trade, development, peace and stability, however the people of ECO member states are still lacking direct road, rail and air links, and are facing problems in acquiring visas, which is fundamental requirement to enhancing trade.
He said the world is more connected now therefore “we need cooperation instead of confrontation.”
He said, “We need to promote road and railway connectivity and direct flights among the member states besides further facilitating visa regimes so that more and more people could visit each others country.”
The minister said the ECO Summit held in Pakistan earlier this year had chalked out a vision 2025 for ECO member states under which it was agreed to increased regional trade by two folds by 2025.
Currently, he said the total trade volume among the member states is less than 9 per cent of the overall trade volume of the member states across the globe.
The minister also stressed the need for promoting cooperation in energy sectors saying that the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-Iran (TAPI) gas pipeline project and Central Asia South Asia (CASA) energy project would also help in meeting the growing needs of electricity across the region.
Ahsan Iqbal said this region had also great potential to attract a large number of tourists from across the world for which he stressed for cooperation among the member states of ECO.
He also urged upon the member countries to work together on achieving Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations Organizations (UNO).
The minister said this conference will help to explore new ways of development and prosperity and would look forward to greater cooperation to improve regional connectivity.
He said Asia was emerging as the next continent of economic growth and it was estimated that the region contributes 52 per cent of the world's GDP.
He said new challenges of peace and stability were growing in the region as the ECO region is located very close to the Middle East which is set on boiling point due to the recent developments in the region which has posed many challenges to peace and stability in the region.
“On behalf of ECO, we strongly condemn the announcement of the United States for making the occupied Jerusalem as the Capital of Israel,” he added.
Exiled Half-Brother Of North Korean Leader Reported Dead In Malaysia
NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with Jean Lee of the Wilson Center about reports of the apparent assassination of the half-brother of North Korea's leader.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Now a North Korean murder mystery. The estranged, exiled half-brother of the country's dictator seems to have been assassinated at the airport in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. According to South Korean news media, Kim Jong Nam was poisoned there. Wire services cite Malaysian officials also saying that Kim was attacked. NPR has not independently confirmed those reports.
To tell us more about this member of the Kim dynasty and his relationship with his half-brother, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, we called up journalist Jean Lee in Hokkaido, Japan, on Skype. She's now a global fellow at the Wilson Center, and she says Kim Jong Nam was once seen as North Korea's heir apparent.
JEAN LEE: He had certainly been given some high-profile posts within the Workers' Party of North Korea and so had been assumed to be next in line to succeed his father, Kim Jong Il. But that all fell by the wayside in 2001 when he was stopped entering Japan apparently to go to Disneyland. And he was found to have been trying to get into the country on a fake Dominican passport. And so it's believed that that was so embarrassing to Kim Jong Il and to the regime that he fell out of favor and was no longer considered the heir apparent.
SIEGEL: That's 15 years ago. What's he been doing since?
LEE: So it wasn't either long after that that he went overseas. And he's pretty much been overseas apart from a couple of trips back to Pyongyang. But certainly the South Korean media and South Korean intelligence do keep close tabs on him. So we do have reports of him surfacing from time to time in - mostly in Macau and Beijing, Malaysia, Singapore.
SIEGEL: Well, since there are reports that this is an assassination - or was - and since there are suspicions that Kim Jong-un would be behind it, how would you describe Kim Jong-un's relationship with his half-brother and the regime in Pyongyang?
LEE: Certainly not very close. Now, they have different mothers. They did not grow up together, and they did not clearly have a close relationship. Now, one of the things that Kim Jong Nam may have been worried about was that Kim Jong-un, in 2013, ordered the execution of his own uncle.
Now, Kim Jong Nam is believed to have been close to that executed uncle, so he certainly would have feared for his life because what followed after that execution was an extended purge. So he certainly would have been worried that that connection would have put his life in danger and that even somebody who is a member of North Korea's ruling family would not be exempt from that kind of scrutiny.
SIEGEL: He also gave some newspaper interviews, I've read. Did he say very provocative things in those interviews?
LEE: So in the last couple of years, he has given a few interviews to Japanese media. He has said, for example, that he opposed the hereditary succession of leadership from his father, Kim Jong Il, to his younger half-brother, Kim Jong-un. And he has also said that he saw the likelihood that North Korea would collapse if they didn't carry out some economic reform. So certainly these two things would, under North Korean law, be cause for treason.
SIEGEL: But if in fact this was an ordered assassination, it sounds as though this was somebody who would be a very unlikely rival to the leader of North Korea. Is that a measure of the degree of fear of any kind of rivalry in Pyongyang these days?
LEE: Everything about North Korea is so murky, so there's no way for us to know the exact reason behind this. But you know, in some ways, North Korea does run like a feudal monarchy. It sounds very Henry VIII that the brother would try to exterminate anyone who might be a possible successor to the throne or a challenge to his legitimacy. But in many ways, North Korea does operate like the feudal monarchy that it was for hundreds of years. And so this would not be so out of line in terms of North Korean history.
SIEGEL: Jean Lee, thanks for talking with us about the story out of Malaysia today about the death of a man who was once in line to become leader of North Korea.
LEE: Thank you very much.
(SOUNDBITE OF BONOBO SONG, "TRAITOR")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
I did not do my job well - Spalletti regrets Roma Totti division
The saga over Francesco Totti's future reflected badly on Luciano Spalletti, said the ex-Roma coach on his unveiling as Inter boss.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 19:01 IST
Luciano Spalletti and Francesco Totti
Luciano Spalletti hopes Roma can be reunited around new boss Eusebio Di Francesco after the closing phase of Francesco Totti's career cast a shadow over his spell at the club.
Spalletti was unveiled as Inter head coach on Wednesday, having led Roma to third and second-place finishes in Serie A in the past two seasons.
It was his second spell in charge of the capital club but the decision to marginalise veteran forward and modern great Totti became on ongoing saga, even if Roma's results on the field vindicated Spalletti's decision.
Totti made his final Roma appearance on the last day of the season against Genoa, with Spalletti's departure coming the following week as speculation over a move to Inter grew.
"Inter contacted me when I was about to finish the championship," Spalletti told a news conference. "[Roma president James] Pallotta had already been warned by me that I would be gone.
"After the farewell to Roma, this was the best thing that could happen to me. I say this without wanting anyone to take offence.
"In Rome, I had become the one that divided rather than united. There was this problem on the management of Totti.
"I came to see this contrast – the love for the most important player prevailed on the support and affection that we had to have for the team.
"In not being able to put the two things together, I did not do my job well. These two things must go hand in hand.
"I was in trouble because I heard rumours from the fans. I heard them on the streets, in bars, at traffic lights. Many were in favour but there was a line of demarcation.
"They must all be united. I even now wish this to Roma."
Inter finished seventh in Serie A last season, 29 points behind champions Juventus, and Spalletti will embark upon a rebuilding job with the club outside of European competitions.
The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
Marines of Detachment 1 of the 2D Civil Affairs Group (2D CAG) conduct key leader engagement training at the Urban Training Center on Marine Corps Base Quantico on February 11, 2017. During this training, the 2D CAG team interacted with a role player portraying a village elder in a Moroccan village, familiarizing themselves with the process of establishing a rapport with that individual in order to better understand the particular needs and concerns of the village. The Marines were evaluated and critiqued following the training exercise.
Detachment 1 completed this training in preparation for the Detachment's upcoming support of Exercise African Lion in Morocco in the spring of 2017, during which the Detachment will conduct joint operations with units of the Royal Moroccan Armed Forces.
2D CAG's four detachments executed a three-day field exercise from February 10 – 12, completing training in convoy operations, key leader engagements, clinic assessment and medical capability, interpreter interaction and usage, night operations, patrolling, and cultural familiarization.
2D CAG is a subordinate unit of Force Headquarters Group (FHG). 2D CAG, along with its sister units of 1st, 3D, and 4th CAG, provides an enabling function to combatant commanders by planning and conducting civil-military operations in support of the commander's objectives. 2D CAG supports II Marine Expeditionary Force (II MEF) and II Marine Expeditionary Brigade (II MEB), as well as those commands' subordinate units.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.11.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 06:20 Photo ID: 3166713 VIRIN: 160401-A-AB123-0092 Resolution: 640x480 Size: 99.78 KB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 2D Civil Affairs Group Conducts Multi-Faceted Training Exercise [Image 1 of 14], by CPT Thomas Garnett, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Credit companies get information, such as whether you've paid your bills on time each month, largely for free. (Photo: Elise Amendola / AP)
Equifax knows a lot about you. That is, in essence, how it makes money.
The company and its competitors have in their files the personal financial information of tens of millions of Americans like you, going back decades. Your mortgage loan totals. When you switched from a Macy's card to a Target card. How much you still owe for college.
“It's a pretty simple business model, actually. They gather as much information about you from lenders, aggregate it and sell it back to them,” said Brett Horn, an industry analyst with Morningstar.
Equifax had more than $3.1 billion in revenue last year, largely from selling data to other companies. Experian's revenue came to $4.34 billion, while TransUnion had $1.7 billion.
The trove of data — Equifax's largest asset — has become its biggest liability after the company admitted that it didn't keep the information safe from criminals who stole or accessed the data on 143 million Americans who are now at risk for identity theft. It's now under investigation at the state and federal level, facing a series of lawsuits, and desperately trying to assuage the anger of the consumers who are its commodities.
What to know about how the credit companies work:
Where the money comes from: Equifax, Experian and TransUnion make most of their money selling bulk lists to banks and credit card companies.
American Express, for example, could purchase a list of potential customers 25 to 30 years old with credit scores above 650. Armed with that, AmEx will send out pre-approved credit card mailers, hoping to sign up new customers.
Hundreds of millions of credit reports are sold this way each year to companies like Capital One, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup. Since the banks buy the reports in bulk, they pay as little as a few dollars per report. While people can get their credit reports once a year for free, Equifax charges $15.95 for the report plus a credit score, while Experian charges $19.95 for a report and score.
The credit bureaus also sell credit reports to potential employers. About 45 percent of companies with 2,500 to 24,999 employees do background credit checks on some job applicants, according to a 2012 study by the Society for Human Resource Management. While employers cannot get a person's credit score, they can discover legal judgments or bankruptcies.
And there are products like fraud protection services and credit monitoring. Equifax normally sells a package of credit monitoring services for $19.95 a month. Experian is more involved in that market, but has gotten into some hot water. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined Experian $3 million in March for selling misleading credit scores to consumers.
Critics of the credit companies argue that Equifax could make some money off its own security failings. Its TrustedID product, which it is offering free for a year to people whose information was exposed, could retain some customers. LifeLock, another identity theft product, has also seen increased interest since the breach — but it buys its protection services from Equifax.
Finally, the company charges fees to customers who want to freeze or unfreeze their credit files. Those fees vary by state, and Equifax has waived them in the wake of the data breach.
How the circle works: The credit companies get information, such as whether you've paid your bills on time each month, largely for free.
An estimated 10,000 different companies and sources report information about you to Equifax, TransUnion and Experian, according to a 2012 study by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Industry experts say that figure could be as high as 30,000.
That information gets compiled into your individual credit report, pooled with data from banks to build a comprehensive picture of your financial history, and your potential financial risk.
Banks are just as reliant on the credit companies. Without the credit reports, a customer could default on a loan, then apply for another elsewhere without the new bank knowing the person's history. The U.S. has thousands of individual lenders and banks, so very rarely could one bank offer a complete picture of a person's financial history.
Often, banks make credit decisions based almost entirely on what they see in a credit report from these companies.
“They are the gatekeepers to whether you can get a credit card or an affordable car loan or a house,” said Chi Chi Wu, a longtime critic of the credit-reporting industry and a lawyer at the National Consumer Law Center.
The origin of credit companies: Equifax, TransUnion and Experian are often referred to as credit bureaus or agencies, which lends them an official air. But they're private companies without government affiliation.
How the companies got to hold information on so many millions of people in the first place is largely due to their position in a lightly regulated part of the U.S. financial system. The credit companies are governed by one main federal law, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which requires the companies to give you access to your data once a year and allow for disputes. Most of the regulation in the industry happens at the state level.
It's also incredibly difficult to opt out of the system. You could live an all-cash lifestyle, never requesting credit from any bank, but still wind up with your information in the hands of the credit companies through less-obvious sources like cable or phone companies, property tax bills, or doctors' offices.
Customers like this are known as “thin file” borrowers, because of the lack of information, but that doesn't stop Equifax, Experian and TransUnion from building files on you. In these cases, the companies might only have a name, address, maybe a Social Security number — but that data could still be enough to start the process of identity theft.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2y1HRIK
YERUSHALAYIM -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 9:06 am |
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. (Reuters/Leah Millis)
The Tax Authority is examining ways to impose taxes on the Israel operations of Google and Facebook, and has already undertaken several legal moves in that direction, Globes reported. The Authority has been considering ways of taxing the companies for at least two years.
Both Facebook and Google are incorporated in Ireland, and as a result the companies claim they do not have to pay taxes on revenues earned in Israel. According to the companies, all of the sales associates that earn money directly for the companies in Israel are local agents who work for themselves, and the revenues they bring in cannot be taxed as corporate profits.
Tax Authority officials have been questioning these agents in order to determine the nature of their relationship with the firms, the report said. If the relationship is seen as being more than “advisory,” the Authority is likely to take the companies to court in order to get the taxes it believes it deserves, Globes said.
The report quoted Authority sources as saying that the state is losing out on a great deal of money because of the companies' positions. Numerous Israeli companies have also complained that the lack of tax payments by the firms constitutes discrimination against them, as they are engaged in businesses that are based on online ad revenues as Google and Facebook are – but earn less because they have to pay taxes.
Several companies have petitioned the High Court on the matter, and the report said that the Authority may do so as well
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- A Santa Clara County judge has dismissed a rape charge against former San Francisco 49ers defensive tackle Ray McDonald after prosecutors said the woman who made the allegation refused to testify.
Judge David A. Cena dismissed the charge -- one count of rape of an intoxicated person -- on Monday. Santa Clara County prosecutor Chris Lamiero said in a statement that he tried to convince the victim to testify, but she refused.
The 49ers released Ray McDonald in December 2014, citing a "pattern of poor decision-making." Ed Szczepanski/USA TODAY Sports
The woman said she slipped and fell on a pool deck at McDonald's San Jose home in December 2014 and continued to fall after that because of her initial head injury and alcohol consumption. She accused McDonald of carrying her upstairs to his bedroom and sexually assaulting her.
McDonald faced a maximum of eight years in prison.
KARACHI: The Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan (MQM-P) which has been marred with reported divisions since its split from Altaf-led London's MQM, is facing reported fissures once again, and this time it's over the issue of tickets for the upcoming Senate elections.
The discontent within the party emerged when party chief Dr Farooq Sattar revealed his intention to give the tickets to senior leaders Amir Khan and Faisal Sabzwari.
The decision did not bode well for the party leaders as the party divided into two main groups owing to the leaders' concerns about Sattar keeping them in dark regarding the nomination of the names.
A local media outlet reported that the two groups within the MQM-P were openly confronting each other on the issue.
Kunwar Naveed Jamil, Khawaja Izharul Hasan, Aminul Haque and Kamran Tisori were among those expressing reservations over Sattar's decision. They maintain that the tickets should have been given to Aminul Haque and Kunwar Naveed.
However, Dr Sattar tried to placate the leaders as he assured them that those who could not be given the Senate's tickets will be given the tickets for national and provincial assemblies. But he failed to allay the concerns, as the disgruntled leaders questioned the success of the party in the general elections, especially defeat in the recent by-elections.
MQM-P's Tisori—reportedly in media for his internal rift with the party leaders—said in the party meetings that his one-year-long performance ‘surpassed' the work of many in the last 30 years as he worked day and night. He also touted the opening of the party offices in unchartered territories especially the Hyderabad zonal office.
Citing all these ‘achievements', he, therefore, presented himself as another potential candidate for the Senate ticket.
The MQM-P will contest for 12 Senate seats from Sindh. Four of its senators were retiring in March and it will be interesting to see as to how many seats MQM-P manages to win as seven of its MPAs have left to join Mustafa Kamal's Pak Sarzameen Party (PSP) while five were currently abroad for ‘personal' reasons.
5 Botches, slip ups, and outrageous moments from WWE Raw February 13th, 2017
See Enzo's awkward exit over the top rope along with Bayley's near-tragic slip up!
@MitchNickelson by Mitch Nickelson Top 5 / Top 10 15 Feb 2017, 09:45 IST
Raw had its share of moments this week
It's not too often that WWE can play with our emotions so much. After the most recent episode of Raw, they most certainly did that. Chris Jericho and Kevin Owens fell victim to the breakup everyone knew was inevitable yet it was still very much painful. Why couldn't they be together forever?
JeriKO's Festival of Friendship, which turned out to be poorly named spectacle in hindsight, offered several outrageous moments to this edition of this article series.
Along with those entries, Emmalina's long awaited debut, Enzo Amore's poorly executed exit of the ring, and Bayley's slip up off the top rope join the gifs. There's plenty to relive from this important Raw.
So without further delay, here are the 5 botchiest and most outrageous moments of the night...
#5 She's finally here!
After 17 long weeks of waiting, Emmalina finally showed her face on Raw. She walked out in a stunning formal dress only for the entire thing to be one big troll.
In her brief time on the mic, she stated that now that the transition from Emma to Emmalina is complete, she will now re-transition back to Emma. Really? We have to wait even more? What was the point of all of this?
It's a shame that Emma has been off television for a such a long time, only for her to now potentially miss even more time. She's actually a good wrestler who could be competing.
IPL 2018: Rating the three Indians who cost over Rs. 10 crores
All of them must have felt the money pressure while playing for their respective teams.
Vipul Gupta ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 12:39 IST 3.01K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
After seven weeks of enthralling action, the Indian Premier League finally ended with Chennai Super Kings emerging as champions for the third time. On the back of a match-winning knock played by Shane Watson, Chennai Super Kings thrashed the table toppers Sunrisers Hyderabad for the fourth time in the season.
IPL, which is known for nurturing young talents is also known for making the lucky one's rich overnight. IPL auctions are getting more and more unpredictable over the years. While those who are expected to go for a huge sum of money are bought cheaper, others who are expected to be bought cheap go for millions.
With an increase in the purse of the franchises, this year's auction was the first of its kind where three Indian players were signed for over Rs. 10 crore.
Here's a look at how they have fared in the season:
#3 Jaydev Unadkat
Jaydev Unadkat was the costliest Indian bought in the auction this year. Rajasthan Royals shelled out Rs. 11.5 crore to secure the services of the Saurashtra bowler. On the back of an impressive IPL season in 2017, Unadkat's name brought a war to the table in the auction.
In the 2017 season, playing for Rising Pune Supergiants, he took 24 wickets in 12 matches at an economy of 7.02. He finished 2nd on the list of highest wicket-takers and was soon inducted in the Indian T20I squad.
In the 2018 season, he looked ordinary throughout the season. He managed to take just 11 wickets in 15 matches and leaked runs at an economy of 9.65. Rajasthan Royals could not drop him from the playing XI as they didn't have a suitable replacement for him.
Being the most expensive player on the team, there were higher expectations from him instead, he turned out to be a liability. Rajasthan Royals will in all probability release the bowler ahead of the auction next year.
Rating: 3/10
It sometimes reads like a terrible love story, the relationship between Consumer Reports and electric car company Tesla . Consumer Reports withholds its affection, Tesla addresses its errant ways and not long afterward, the two come happily together until the next car review.
We saw this happen in late 2015, when Consumer Reports assigned Tesla's Model S a “worse-than-average” rating in an annual report about the predicted reliability of new vehicles, knocking down the company's share price by more than 10 percent in one day. Later, the car was re-instated by Consumer Reports as a top-rated ultra-luxury sedan after consumers said its reliability had improved, and it updated its software to include automatic emergency braking at highway speeds.
Something similar happened today. As you may have seen, Consumer Reports last week withheld its recommendation to buy Tesla's more compact luxury car, the Model 3, after its testers “found flaws—big flaws—such as long stopping distances in our emergency braking test and difficult-to-use controls.”
Specifically, the outlet reported, the car's stopping distance of 152 feet from 60 miles per hour was “far worse than any contemporary car” it has tested and “about seven feet longer than the stopping distance of a Ford F-150 full-sized pickup,” which weighs about 7,000 pounds. (The Model 3 weighs roughly half that amount.)
Tesla told Consumer Reports that its own testing had found stopping distances from 60 mph to 0 mph were on average 133 feet. Still, Tesla CEO Elon Musk also jumped on the phone with Consumer Reports's head of auto testing to share information that Tesla had discovered about its braking system and to say the carmaker had an over-the-air software update in the works to address it.
The update has since been completed and shipped, and now Consumer Reports is both confirming that Tesla managed to improve the car's braking distance by 20 feet and it says it's giving the Model 3 its highly sought-after recommendation — even while it hopes Tesla will also do more to improve the car's center-mounted touch controls, which its testers worry are difficult to use while driving.
It's easy to characterize the whole thing as some sort of routine dance between reviewer and reviewee, but it's a much bigger deal than that insists Consumer Reports, which has been reviewing products for 82 years and remains a powerful force, even while its influence has waned somewhat in the era of anonymous online reviews.
Indeed, the outlet notes in its newest review of the car that, until now, remote improvement to a car's basic functionality on such a meaningful scale as Tesla just pulled off was “unheard of.”
That kind of observation clearly pleases Musk, who launched a tirade against the media last week but today is praising Consumer Reports for its “high quality critical feedback.” He also says that more improvements are coming.
Karachi
Former captain Shahid Afridi will be in action for his domestic departmental team Habib Bank in the final of National One-day Cup against Sui Southern Gas Company today in Karachi.
An official of HBL team confirmed that Shahid Afridi has made himself available for the selection in final XI for the team in the final of National OD cup.
“Afridi is available and has expressed desire to play the final. He's going to be in action on Monday for the team in final,” said Sohail Mazhar, head of sports HBL team.
Shahid Afridi had announced retirement from ODIs after world cup 2015 and since then he has played only one ListA game, till date, in Royal One Day Cup for Hampshire vs Gloucestershire.
The national one-day tournament's final, if played, will be Afridi's only second ListA match since his retirement from One-day International Cricket.
It is still unclear that who'll lead the side in Afridi's presence. Sohail Mazhar says that it will be decided in the morning before the toss. However, reliable sources have confirmed that Ahmad Shahzad will lead the team even if Afridi is included.
Afridi, when contacted, confirmed he's playing the final for HBL and said that he's looking forward to contributing his part for the team.—APP
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
× Expand Gas Clip discusses product success at WEFTEC
Patti Dutton of Gas Clip discusses product successes with Chris Thomas of Midwest City, Oklahoma at WEFTEC 2017.
Presidential candidate Ahn Cheol-soo pledged Tuesday to eradicate poverty among the growing number of senior citizens in the country if elected in the upcoming election.
The nominee of the center-left People's Party made the pledge during a meeting with representatives of the senior citizens welfare industry in the central city of Daejeon.
Ahn Cheol-soo (center), presidential nominee of the People's Party, unveils his election pledges for senior citizens in the central city of Daejeon on April 18, 2017. (Yonhap)
Ahn said the government must swiftly address issues facing the elderly population as their number will grow to 14 percent of the entire population by the end of the year. He also pointed to reports that the suicide and poverty rates among senior citizens are the highest among member nations of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development."(My vision) is a welfare system that guarantees the basic livelihoods of the people," he said. "In other words, it centers on first and foremost helping those in a blind spot, those who are suffering but neglected."Ahn said he will place top priority on eliminating the poverty level among senior citizens by raising the basic pension for those in the lower 50 percent income bracket and scrap a system that disadvantages fee-paying subscribers of the national pension service.Ahn vowed to reduce the senior citizens' burden by lowering their share of medical expenses from 20 percent to 10 percent and offering different levels of financial support to different income groups.He also offered to build a support facility for patients with Alzheimer's in each city, county and district, and double state spending on relevant research and development.As his third pledge, Ahn said he would create a system to help senior citizens aged 60 and above receive renewed training for jobs and increase the number of jobs available to them by 50,000 annually.Ahn is widely seen as one of two likely candidates to win the May 9 presidential election, along with Moon Jae-in of the liberal Democratic Party. (Yonhap)
Get ready to raise your selfie game.
Vivo launched the V5 in India late last year, and the company is now getting ready to introduce the V5 Plus in the country on January 23. The invite sent out to the media contains the tagline, "Block your date for the biggest selfie camera revolution," and an accompanying image suggests we'll see a dual camera setup at the front.
The phone itself promises to be interesting going by what we've seen with the V5. The V5 features a 5.5-inch Full HD display, 1.5GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6750, 4GB of RAM, 32GB storage, microSD slot, 13MP camera, dual-SIM with LTE and VoLTE, and a 3000mAh battery. The phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow on Vivo's Funtouch OS, and it is likely the V5 Plus will share similar hardware specs.
We'll have more to share regarding the V5 Plus later this month. How do you feel about dual cameras at the front?
ISLAMABAD, Dec 12 (APP):The National Assembly on Tuesday offered Fateha
for Second Lieutenant Abdul Moeed and Sepoy Basharat
martyred in North Waziristan Agency.
Moeed and Basharat were martyred in a terrorist attack
in North Waziristan Agency when terrorists fired on their vehicle
from the surrounding mountains.
Sahibzada Tariq Ullah led the Fateha.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): President,Islamabad Chamber of
Commerce and Industry (ICCI) Sheikh Amir Waheed said that real estate sector was playing a key role in the economic development of the country.
In a statement here , he called for rationalization in taxes on this important sector to facilitate the growth of business activities.
He was addressing a delegation of Islamabad Real Estate
Welfare Group that visited ICCI led by Group Leader Ch.Abdul Rauf to congratulate the new office bearers of the Chamber,said in statement issued by ICCI here on Friday.
Sheikh Amir Waheed said that business of thousands of people was directly or indirectly linked with real estate sector.
Muhammad Naveed Senior Vice President and Nisar Ahmed Mirza Vice President ICCI assured the delegation that Chamber would raise their issues at all relevant forums for solution and would fully cooperate in efforts to provide relief to this sector.
Speaking at the occasion,Leader of Islamabad Real Estate
Welfare Group Ch. Abdul Rauf and former resident,Islamabad Estate Agents Association highlighted various issues of real estate sector.
He claimed that CDA has increased commercialization fee on real estate sector that has created additional problems and urged that CDA should bring down said fee.
He said Chairman CDA had approved 14 reforms of real estate sector that have not been implemented as yet due to which problems still persisted.
He said that G-13, G-14 and some other sectors were started long time ago, but were not developed as yet and called upon the CDA and Housing Foundation to focus on early development of old sectors to ease the problems of allottees.
SAN FRANCISCO, Calif., May 30, 2018 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — EPIC Insurance Brokers and Consultants (“EPIC”), a retail property, casualty insurance brokerage and employee benefits consultant, announced today that the firm's Marketing, Communications and Design team was honored by the 24th Annual Communicator Awards with an “Award of Excellence” and two “Awards of Distinction.” The Communicator Awards are an international awards program recognizing big ideas in marketing and communications.
“We are proud to be recognized for a third consecutive year for our team's commitment to creating content that effectively communicates EPIC's values internally, to our clients, and to the larger marketplace,” said Dave Hock, senior vice president of marketing and communications at EPIC. “This recognition validates the hard work and dedication of our team, led by VP of Marketing & Communications Meg Sneddon and Creative Services Director Nancy Phun, who consistently deliver creative, visually stunning, impactful communications.”
EPICness the Magazine, Vol. 5 – 10-Year Anniversary Edition, an internal semi-annual news magazine, was selected for the Award of Excellence, the highest honor, in the Design Features – Overall Design category as well as the Award of Distinction in the Magazine – Special Edition category. EPIC's Wellness Calendar, a resource for providing health and wellness tips throughout the year, was selected for the Award of Distinction in the Collateral – Calendar category.
The Award of Excellence, the highest honor, is given to those entrants whose ability to communicate positions them as the best in the field. The Award of Distinction is presented for projects that exceed industry standards in quality and achievement.
Winners were hand-selected by the AIVA (Academy of Interactive & Visual Arts), an invitation-only group consisting of top-tier professionals from acclaimed media, communications, advertising, creative and marketing firms.
See the full list of winners of the 24th Annual Communicator Awards here: https://www.communicatorawards.com/winners/
About EPIC:
EPIC is a unique and innovative retail property and casualty and employee benefits insurance brokerage and consulting firm. EPIC has created a values-based, client-focused culture that attracts and retains top talent, fosters employee satisfaction and loyalty and sustains a high level of customer service excellence.
EPIC team members have consistently recognized their company as a “Best Place to Work” in multiple regions and as a “Best Place to Work in the Insurance Industry” nationally.
EPIC now has more than 1,400 team members operating from 50 offices across the U.S., providing Property and Casualty, Employee Benefits, Specialty Programs and Private Client solutions to more than 20,000 clients.
With run rate revenues greater than $400 million, EPIC ranks among the top 20 retail insurance brokers in the U.S. Backed by Oak Hill Capital Partners, the company continues to expand organically and through strategic acquisitions across the country.
For additional information, please visit https://www.epicbrokers.com/.
*PHOTO Link for Media: Send2Press.com/300dpi/18-0530s2p-epicteam-300dpi.jpg
*Photo Caption: EPIC MarCom Team (L-R) – Meg Sneddon, Robyn Torre and Nancy Phun.
News Source: EPIC Insurance Brokers and Consultants
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/epic-insurances-marketing-communications-and-design-team-wins-three-2018-communicator-awards/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
China's military has become alarmed by what it sees as US President-elect Donald Trump's support of Taiwan and is considering strong measures to prevent the island from moving towards independence, sources with ties to senior military officers.
Three sources said one possibility being considered was conducting war games near the self-ruled island that China considers as a breakaway province. Another was a series of economic measures to cripple Taiwan.
It was not clear whether any decisions had been taken, but the sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Taiwan issue had become a hot topic within the upper echelons of China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) in recent weeks.
Trump, due to take office on Jan 20, angered Beijing this month by speaking to Taiwan's president by telephone, breaking decades of precedent and casting doubt on his incoming administration's commitment to Beijing's “one China” policy. Beijing fears this could embolden supporters of independence in Taiwan.
“If Trump challenges ‘one China' after becoming president, this would cross our red line,” said another source, which has ties to China's leadership.
China's defence ministry declined to comment. An official at the ministry's news department said China's position was clearly laid out in the 2005 Anti-Secession Law, which authorises the use of force against Taiwan in the event China judges it to have seceded.
Asked about any possible aggressive moves from China, Taiwan defence ministry spokesman Chen Chung-shi said: “We are fully prepared, and plan for the worst while preparing for the best.”
China claims self-ruled Taiwan as its sacred and inviolable territory and is deeply suspicious of President Tsai Ing-wen, whose ruling Democratic Progressive Party espouses the island's independence. Tsai, who took power this year, says she wants to maintain peace with China, but China is unconvinced.
Tsai said on Saturday that Taiwan will be “calm” when facing issues to do with China, but uncertainties next year will test the self-ruled island and its national security team.
Beijing has also been angered by a trip planned by Tsai in January to Latin America in which she will transit through Houston and San Francisco. China has urged the United States to block the stopovers.
Chinese officials have blamed Taiwan for creating trouble rather than Trump, and many of them believe he will be more accommodating to China once in office.
“We're ready. If Taiwan wants to make trouble so can we. Let's hit them hard,” said an official in Beijing who meets regularly with China's most senior military officers, including those who work directly with President Xi Jinping.
“We can hold exercises close to Taiwan, and show them the damage we could cause. Taiwan will have to give in then,” the official added, citing a recent conversation with one of the military officers.
The United States is bound by law to provide Taiwan with the means to defend itself, but it's unclear if the United States would send troops in the event of war between China and Taiwan.
Washington also acknowledges Beijing's position that there is only one China and Taiwan is its territory.
A retired senior officer told that China probably wouldn't need to fire any missiles to bring Taiwan to its knees. China is Taiwan's largest trading partner, and Taiwan runs a huge trade surplus with China, worth $27 billion in 2015.
“We can just cut them off economically. No more direct flights, no more trade. Nothing. Taiwan would not last long,” the officer said. “There would be no need for war.”
In addition, any Western economic blockade of China put in place in the event of war with Taiwan would also be damaging to China, already dealing with a slowing economy.
A US defence official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said Chinese actions had been more provocative in the past month since Trump won the US election and made comments about Taiwan.
This month, a Chinese naval flotilla headed by its sole aircraft carrier, the Liaoning, took part in drills that took it around Taiwan.
Chinese air force jets have performed similar drills in recent weeks, flying close to the island, though China has officially called the air force and naval exercises routine.
China also scored a diplomatic victory when tiny Sao Tome and Principe switched recognition to Beijing from Taiwan.
You need to login to view this content. Please Login . Not a Member? Join Us
It's time to face facts: Employees throughout the world are are struggling to compete in a fast-moving and dynamic global job market, thanks to an unprecedented number of technological advancements and highly linked information networks.
The pace of transformational technological change has been greater in the past few decades than we have seen in all of human history. We are now living in a period of exponential growth. These technologies are beneficial in the long term, but they often come with a short-term displacement of jobs, which creates workforce anxiety and temporary unemployment.
For example, think of the most ubiquitous type of employment in the world: drivers of motorized vehicles. Just this week, Uber started deploying self-driving UberX cars on the streets of San Francisco, after three months of testing them in Pittsburgh.
While it's a small-scale deployment for now (and Uber still needs to have a human driver at the wheel as a backup), this will lead to a huge decline in driver jobs. Imagine the possible displacement of these jobs once we are able to deploy driverless cars at scale. We simply won't need many human drivers, so what will happen to all these workers?
Combine that with advancements in artificial intelligence (AI), and some experts think that between one-third and one-half of the world's jobs are vulnerable to being replaced by automation. Today, it's Uber drivers who have to start thinking about their next source of income. Tomorrow, it could be almost half of us.
The upshot is that we do not have an unemployment problem, we have a jobs mismatch challenge. Such mismatches have happened many times in history, especially in times of rapid unexpected rapid changes to the economy.
So what can we do about this, and how?
We can take advantage of the same technologies that are displacing our workers and point them more aggressively towards education that specifically helps retrain our workforce. This can be done on an ongoing basis throughout one's career, and we can do this today at scale and at an affordable price.
In short, the technologies like big data, AI, cloud technologies and consumer mobile apps are all available, but the focus and level of urgency placed on education is simply not there. Education should be a mandatory company benefit, for example, just like health benefits are today. Companies must now rethink how they treat employees, and employees also need to rethink how they think about their own careers.
Both must invest heavily in constant, life-long practical training. We need to create a working class that's fundamentally anchored to a self-empowered entrepreneurial attitude, not a specific skill or trade. In other words, we need to create agile and malleable life-long learners, not “set-in-their ways” craftsmen and women.
Failing to Train the Workforce
The stark reality is that the vast majority of employees don't feel that their companies are doing enough to give them the skills they need to grow and advance. According to a recent survey done by my firm, a mere 11 percent of U.S. employees feel that their company provides them with the skills needed to move up.
This is a huge missed opportunity because the opportunity to learn new skills and to grow is one of the most important aspects of a job. That's especially true for millennials, who view their jobs as stepping stones to advance their careers. As a result, one LinkedIn study found, millennials hop between jobs twice as fast as the previous generation.
For workers further along in their careers, the lack of opportunities to learn new skills can lead to workplace lock-in, where people get stuck in the same job or role year after year, rather than learning new skills that can help them (and their companies) grow in new ways. This “lock-in” is very dangerous in a world where technology is rapidly making many jobs obsolete. For a mid-career worker with a young family and big bills, the prospect of their job being made obsolete by a computer is very scary. lt's no surprise that feeling “locked in” with a job leads to unhappiness and anxiety, as one European survey found.
Neglecting employee education costs companies, too. A workforce that turns over too rapidly can become a drain on resources and morale. A 2012 study found that replacing an employee costs about 20% of that employee's annual salary, so the greater a company's turnover, the more money it's burning on replacing staff. The startup community, in particular, feels this strain acutely: With so much pressure to create rapid growth, tech startups often don't prioritize employee growth and training. As a result, they often let high-quality talent go out the door who search –for good reason– for better options that diversify their skills.
The Alternative: Continuous Education
There is an alternative. Companies can embrace education as part of their commitment to employees, adding education benefits and integrating them into employment contracts via online courses and other educational technologies (edtech).
In fact, according to our survey, 74 percent of employees believe they learned the majority of their day-to-day skills in the workplace. According to Udemy, 80 percent of millennials say they would be more likely to stay in a job that provided them opportunities to learn. Udemy also suggested that employers can reduce boredom by tailoring educational opportunities (“learning paths”) for each employee.
Individualized learning paths at work might sound like the kind of special-snowflake privileges that only really big, rich Silicon Valley companies provide, like sushi bars and meditation rooms. That cannot be farther from the truth. Edtech makes this approach accessible to a much wider variety of organizations in many different ways. If edtech is global and affordable, why shouldn't employees in all parts of the US benefit from education and retraining?
In order to prepare yourself for the future and avoid being eaten by software, you absolutely need to start thinking about education as an integral part of your life,even after college.
Online classrooms can also be more interactive and engaging: Students become teachers, helping to teach other students, in an environment designed around two-way interaction and immediate feedback. This peer-to-peer scenario also makes perfect sense in the workplace, where the person across the office from you may be the exact expert you need to learn from What's more, with online education employees don't have to travel to time-wasting offsite training sessions. They can learn on their own time, through online courseware or hybrid online-offline “flipped classroom” models.
Finally, big datasets derived from massive education marketplaces like Udemy, Coursera and Lynda are bringing about a generational shift in how education is delivered. The more data we can collect about how people learn, the more effectively we will be in teaching them. Companies and employees alike can benefit from the rapid, data-driven advances in educational techniques that edtech companies are pioneering.
In short, edtech is changing the way learning happens, making it more compatible with what today's employees and their companies need. More importantly, edtech can deliver education at a pace that can actually keep up with the fast pace of our economy and workplace needs.
But don't wait for your employer to train you. In order to prepare yourself for the future and avoid being eaten by software, you absolutely need to start thinking about education as an integral part of your life, even after college. Lifelong learning is the only path forward to a brighter and more profitable future.
Lawmakers gave Jazz leaders a standing ovation not only for funding the arena construction itself, but also for owner Gail Miller transferring team ownership to a legacy trust designed to keep the team in the state and prevent its sale.
"It's not every day that you get to turn your back on $1 billion, but that's what my mom has done," her son, Greg Miller, told lawmakers about the trust. With it, he said keeping the team in Utah "is as sure as anything in this life."
Miller Sports Properties President Steve Starks said the Miller family itself would never say it, but any other NBA franchise doing a similar arena project "would be up here today asking for $300 million. But that's not the Miller family."
He noted that the Jazz's arena is now the second oldest in the NBA, even though it feels new to many Salt Lakers. He said the team looked closely at options for needed improvements, including building a new arena.
But he said consultants said, "Look, You can spend $120 billion and get 90 to 95 percent of what you would get in a new building, or you can spend $500 million and get a new building." He said the Jazz like the current location, and the arena's timeless look.
Starks said construction is set to begin as soon as the Jazz season ends — and said that currently is scheduled in June after the NBA finals, which he hopes the team can make.
Coach Quin Snyder also appeared with other Jazz leaders. He joked with lawmakers that "if you just listen to me a little bit, it will be more than my team listened to me in the last several games" as it suffered some tough losses.
Still, he said, the team has now is good enough that "we've become relevant. But we're not there yet…. We're still really finding out about our team."
He told lawmakers that he wasn't quite sure how he entered coaching, because he was aiming to become a lawyer. A chorus of lawyers among the legislators quickly yelled out in unison that moving into coaching was a "good choice."
The Jazz Bear also appeared, reenacting an infamous incident where he once appeared unannounced on the House floor and shot a confetti cannon just behind then-Rep. Curt Oda, a gun enthusiast. The startled Oda is said to have wheeled around and drawn a gun before seeing it was just the bear.
The Jazz Bear entered the caucus on Tuesday and fired the confetti cannon again, and Oda — now a lobbyist — ran in from the hall yelling, "I've got him, I've got him," and gave the bear a bear hug.
For almost two weeks, former SSP Rao Anwar, wanted for alleged murder of Naqeebullah Mehsud, has disappeared. Have we forgotten how Shahzeb Jatoi, a confessed murderer was facilitated in fleeing this country? If the Supreme Court wants to curb corruption and crime in this country, it must ensure that no individual employed by State owns property abroad in his name or name of his family, holds no immigration status such as Iqama or Green Card or foreign passport which entitles him to residential status in another country. Government servants are permanent employees on 24/7 basis and can neither indulge in trade nor any other commercial activity directly or indirectly. If PM can be disqualified for holding an Iqama and proceeded against for having assets beyond his known sources of income why not every individual on the State's payroll including employees of state owned corporations?
There has to be very powerful persons backing Rao Anwar, whose identity is well known and yet managed to go from Karachi to Islamabad and attempt to board a flight for Dubai, only to be offloaded by FIA, but again allowed to go free. In this age where Passenger Manifest of every airline departing from Pakistan is easily accessible, creates doubts in the mind of everybody for delay in tracing a wanted person. If there is a will on part of Government and sensitive security agencies to track him, they should have by now sought help from Interpol and Immigration authorities in the UAE etc. Rao Anwar allegedly owns expensive property in Islamabad and Dubai which he cannot justify by his known legal declared sources of income.
ALI MALIK TARIQ
Lahore
Related
Netflix recently released the second season of Marvel's Jessica Jones, which finds the titular private detective dealing with unwanted fame and investigating the mysterious organization that gave her superpowers.
Despite successfully confronting her nemesis Kilgrave at the end of season one, Jessica (played by Krysten Ritter) remains as prickly as ever — and just as fond of whiskey. On the latest episode of the Original Content podcast, we catch up with her latest misadventures and wrestle with the show's bigger themes.
We also catch up on some of the latest streaming and entertainment news, including Hulu's successful bid for a series based on Little Fires Everywhere and Ava DuVernay signing on to direct a movie based on DC Comics' New Gods. And we get the latest on co-host Jordan Crook's belated marathon to catch up on the Star Wars movies. (Don't tell anyone, but she liked the prequels.)
You can listen in the player below, subscribe using Apple Podcasts or find us in your podcast player of choice. If you like the show, please let us know by leaving a review on Apple. You also can send us feedback directly.
Doha
World number one Andy Murray insisted Sunday that Novak Djokovic will remain his biggest threat in 2017, as the pair prepare for a potential first clash of the season in Doha this week.
Newly-knighted Murray, speaking ahead of the first round of the Qatar Open which begins on Monday, said the Serb would continue to make life tough for him on court this year.
“In terms of the number one ranking, Novak would be (the biggest threat),” Murray told reporters.
“I had a great sort of four, five months at the end of last year and I still only got to number one by one match basically at the end the year, so I know it will be very tough to stay there.”
Murray also tipped six-times Australian Open champion Djokovic to be the player to beat in Melbourne, when the year's first Grand Slam begins later this month.
In Qatar, Murray is the number one seed and if matches go to form it will set up a mouth-watering final clash with Djokovic, the number two seed and defending Doha champion, on January 7.
Murray's first round match is against France's Jeremy Chardy on Tuesday.
Djokovic begins his title defence on Monday against Germany's Jan-Lennard Struff.
At this stage last year, Djokovic was dominating men's tennis and there was much talk of him winning all four Grand Slams in 2016.
But despite winning in Australia and the French Open, Djokovic's season tailed off in the second half of the season, which saw him crash out in the third round at Wimbledon and losing the US Open final to Stan Wawrinka.
But he denied on Sunday that his game was in “crisis”.
“I don't see the six months, second six months of 2016 as a failure or anything like that,” he told reporters.
“It's not in my mindset, I guess, in my philosophy of life to observe things in this way—that I didn't succeed, that Ifailed, that I've fallen or something like that.
“I just feel like every experience is a blessing one way or another.”
The 12-times Grand Slam winner and former world number one added that he retained his hunger to win.
“Without a doubt, when I'm on the court there is no other thing than to win that tennis match.”
Despite Murray and Djokovic getting top billing in Doha, they are unlikely to get things all their own way this coming week.
Also playing is one of last year's semi-finalists, Tomas Berdych, this year's number three seed. France's dangerous Jo-Wilfried Tsonga is the number five seed and he has beaten Murray and Djokovic a total of eight times in his career..—AFP
Ryen Russillo and Will Cain analyze an important decision the New York Giants may have to make on Eli Manning if they receive a high pick in the draft. (2:28)
New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and Los Angeles Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers are forever linked. They'll always be compared and placed side by side after what transpired on the afternoon of April 24, 2004, when the two were 20-somethings entering the NFL.
Manning was drafted first overall by the Chargers, who relocated from San Diego last season. He was later sent to the Giants for Rivers, who was selected fourth overall, in a blockbuster trade that shaped the future of both organizations.
Rivers has become the face of the Chargers. Manning, a two-time Super Bowl winner, is still the leader of the Giants. They've both rewritten the record books for their respective franchise.
Now entering their late 30s and on the back nine of their careers, the top quarterbacks selected in the 2004 draft meet again Sunday at MetLife Stadium. It's Manning vs. Rivers potentially for the final time, with Manning trying to get his first win in four tries against his draft classmate.
Meanwhile, the Chargers and Giants will each be aiming for their first win of the season.
Philip Rivers and Eli Manning will forever be linked thanks to a blockbuster trade that shaped the future of both of their organizations. AP Photo/Julie Jacobson
Can the 0-4 records be blamed on the quarterback?
Chargers reporter Eric D. Williams: Quarterbacks are involved in more plays than any other position, so Rivers certainly warrants some of the blame for his team's winless record this season. Rivers has turned the ball over five times and opposing offenses have converted those miscues into 31 points. However, Rivers has been under pressure this season and still has thrown for 1,107 passing yards and six touchdowns through four games.
Giants reporter Jordan Raanan: It's certainly not all Manning's fault, but he's not completely off the hook. His offensive line and lack of run game make life difficult. But he also made only a handful of plays over the first 11 quarters of the Giants' season. That's not enough. Now, he has been better over the past five quarters -- when the Giants scored 47 points -- and is coming off his best game of the season in Tampa Bay. Still, his inability to navigate the pocket and make throws under pressure combined with the lack of a run game and struggling offensive line is a crushing combination. It makes it hard for the Giants to sustain offense. They have failed to get a first down or score on 37 percent of their possessions this season. That's 10th worst in the NFL.
How much longer will your quarterback play?
Williams: Since the start of the 2015 season, Rivers is 9-27 as a starter and in the midst of a nine-game losing streak. He has thrown 38 interceptions during that stretch. So Rivers hasn't played well of late. Of course, Rivers also was an injury replacement in the Pro Bowl last season, finishing with 4,386 passing yards and 33 touchdown passes. It's the eighth year Rivers has thrown for over 4,000 passing yards. If surrounded by enough playmakers and provided with adequate pass protection, Rivers can still make enough plays for his team to execute at a winning level for another three years. But the Chargers have not taken a quarterback in the draft since 2013 and need to figure out a strategy to find Rivers' eventual replacement.
Raanan: Manning is going to play until the Giants don't want him anymore. It's really that simple. He's signed through the 2019 season, but there are outs in his contract. The Giants could sever ties any time after this season and survive financially and against the salary cap. Manning will be 37 before the Super Bowl and said earlier this summer he would like to play into his 40s. He would need a major resurgence to reach that goal. Right now he's a middle-of-the-road quarterback, at best. His durability has been his greatest strength throughout his career and his arm has held up relatively well. He hasn't missed a game since, well ... ever.
Will your quarterback end his career with the Giants/Chargers?
Williams: The Bolts' brass would like for Rivers to retire a Charger. Rivers is signed through the 2019 season and has said he would like to be around when the team opens its new stadium shared with the Los Angeles Rams in Inglewood in 2020. Rivers does a great job of taking care of his body and staying in shape. He hasn't missed a game in over a decade, so it's not inconceivable he could be playing as he nears 40 years old. But the Chargers have to start winning games sooner rather than later to justify keeping a quarterback around who turns 36 years old in December, particularly as they try to win over new fans in Los Angeles.
Raanan: Yes. Manning has made his life in New Jersey. He's one of these "Giants for Life." He built a house in the suburbs 20 miles west of East Rutherford, and he's not about to uproot his wife and three young daughters to add an extra year or two onto what is arguably a Hall of Fame career. Manning already has two Super Bowls, already has enough money and doesn't care about the spotlight one iota. He won't be one of these late-career mercenaries. In fact, his father, Archie, told me at the Super Bowl two years ago he thought Eli would hang it up rather than move to a new city at this point of his career and life. Nothing has changed since that time to make me think otherwise.
An inquest into the suicides of 13 Aboriginal youths in WA's far north has heard the federal government's Cashless Debit Card has further disempowered families.
It's been heralded as a "silver bullet" in combating social dysfunction in remote Aboriginal communities, but the grey cashless Welfare card is labelled by some families in the Kimberley as a "white card" that symbolises the colonial power of the state.
An academic has told an inquest into the suicide of indigenous youths in WA's far north that the federal government's income management trial has further disempowered vulnerable families.
The scheme was set up in April 2016 to help curb problem drinking, gambling and domestic violence - elements that were present in the lives of 13 young indigenous people who took their own lives over three-and-a-half years.
The cards quarantine 80 per cent of welfare payments to be used on food and other essentials, while the remainder is free to be withdrawn as cash.
University of Melbourne development studies lecturer Dr Elise Klein currently leads a research project examining the policy and told the inquest the compulsory program started without proper community consultation.
This has silenced many Aboriginal voices and become a point of tension amongst a diverse population, she told WA Coroner Ros Fogliani.
While giving evidence via video link from Melbourne, Dr Klein said the "oppressive scheme" represents neo-colonialism and government overreach.
"It's explained as the 'white card'," she said.
"The card has been a symbol of disempowerment, a symbol of state intervention, punitive intervention over someone's life."
Dr Klein said the system was chaotically introduced with design flaws, including a mobile app for people who "didn't know how to use the internet let alone own a mobile phone".
Many of the children who cut their lives short were inadequately fed, but Dr klein said it was "naive at best" to think controlling parents' purchases could effectively combat this, insisting the card made money management "much harder" for people already living below the poverty line.
Dr Klein said many participants have told her using the card is like going back to the "ration days", referring to Aboriginal people working on pastoral stations and being paid in tea and sugar as opposed to real wages.
Young people watching this play out at home can only feel extremely debilitated, she said.
The problem is compounded for jobseekers subjected to the coalition's controversial work for the dole scheme, which Dr Klein said carried harsh breaching penalties despite a lack of remote employment opportunities.
She called for bottom up, community-led development of therapeutic-based services to address the complex social harm and disadvantage in communities with high rates of social security dependency.
The Coalition in March announced the card would be used on an ongoing basis in Kununurra with six-monthly assessments after a review found they had been effective, but the Australian Council of Social Service said the report relied too heavily on anecdotal and self-reported evidence.
The government has also refused to say which community leaders supported the continuation.
The Eunice Police Department is seeking the community's assistance in locating a missing child.
Curtis Leblanc Jr. is 14 years old and was last seen at about 6 p.m. Sunday wearing a black hoodie and blue jeans. Leblanc has black hair, browns eyes, with a height of approximately 5'9" and weight of 100 pounds.
If you can provide any information on where Leblanc is, contact the Eunice Police Department at 337-457-2626.
The President of Kyrgyzstan, Sooronbai Jeenbekov, appointed deputy chief of the staff and adviser. The decrees were signed the day before.
Photo Almambet Saliev
So, instead of Elvira Sariyeva, Almambet Saliev became deputy head of the staff of the head of state.
Almambet Saliev is a native of Gulcha village in Osh region. He graduated in 2005 from the Law Faculty of Osh State University with a degree in jurisprudence, in 2007 — the special secondary police school of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Kyrgyzstan, in 2014 — the Faculty of Business and Management of Osh State University with degree in finance and credit. Since May 2016 he worked as deputy head of the department of defense, law and order and emergency situations of the government's executive office.
Asylbek Kozhobekov became a new advisor to Sooronbai Jeenbekov. He came to the post instead of Farid Niyazov, who headed the presidential staff.
Asylbek Kozhobekov is famous for being the deputy chairman of the State Customs Service in 2013. He resigned from this post at his own request.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N)
Senator Lt Gen (R) Abdul Qayyum Friday said National Action Plan
(NAP) was being implemented and it would eliminate terrorism and
extremism from the country.
Situation of law and order had improved in the country including
peace in Karachi and Balochistan due to concrete measures, he said talking
to PTV.
He said international investors were now taking interest to invest
in Pakistan due to the peaceful environment.
Chinese investment under China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC)
was also the evidence of suitable atmosphere in the country, he added.
Steps taken under NAP included blockade of unregistered SIMs, action
against misuse of loud speaker, he said, adding action was also taken against hate speeches.
The senator said PML-N had been working on its agenda since
it came into power in 2013 and its major part had been implemented.
He said work on FATA reforms was almost completed while Election
reforms bill had also been passed from the Parliament.
Abdul Qayyum said the government was moving in right direction
and working for the welfare of masses.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Chinese investors are keen to set up industrial park, power generation plants and joint ventures (JV) in many sectors of Pakistan as they considered it a potential market for business and investment.
This was observed by Deng Jihai, Chairman, International Green Economy Association of China while addressing business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI), said a statement issued here on Wednesday.
Deng Jihai visited ICCI at the head of a 20 member Chinese delegation
and held B2B meetings with local counterparts.
The delegation is representing various sectors including power
generation, biomass energy, industrial park development, agriculture, food processing, logistics, consultation services, textiles and garments, ship building, real estate, biotechnology, medical science and others.
Deng Jihai said that his Association has already brought 3 delegations to Pakistan and purpose of such visits was to study Pakistan's market and explore opportunities for investment and joint ventures in CPEC projects.
He said CPEC summit would be held in May this year and they would present report of their visits to Pakistan to the said Summit.
He said Chinese delegation members were interested in putting up
industrial units of their relevant sectors in Pakistan like small and big
power plants, ships construction, food processing units etc.
He said ICCI should also send its delegation to China as his country
offered good investment opportunities to Pakistani investors.
In his welcome address, Khalid Iqbal Malik, President, ICCI said that
CPEC project had put both countries on a long-term partnership and added that private sector of Pakistan was keen to enter into joint ventures with Chinese counterparts in this historic project.
He said bilateral trade between Pakistan and China was growing steadily, but balance of trade was heavily in favor of China.
He said China was making imports of billions of dollars every year to
meet needs of its domestic industry and emphasized that it should focus on enhancing imports from Pakistan to reduce the current bilateral trade imbalance.
He apprised the Chinese delegation about investment opportunities in
various sectors of Pakistan's economy including power generation, agriculture, infrastructure development, real estate, biotechnology, medical science and many other areas.
He urged that more Chinese investors should come to Pakistan with
technology transfer to invest and set up joint ventures in Pakistan in areas of interest.
He assured that ICCI would provide all possible cooperation to Chinese
investors in such efforts.
Khalid Malik Senior Vice President ICCI and others also spoke on the
occasion.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Federal Minister for Commerce Muhammad Pervaiz Malik here on Monday said that the government would pass the amended bill of rent control act for Islamabad into the law during its current tenure to resolve this long standing issue of the traders of federal capital.
He said that government was fully cognizant of the problems being faced by the local traders due to absence of rent control law and assured that the parliament would soon pass its draft bill into law to promulgate a balanced rent control law in Islamabad.
He said this while addressing the business community at a dinner hosted by President Capital Traders Wing of PML(N) Sheikh Jamshed, said a press release issued here.
Pervaiz Malik assured that FBR related issues of business community would also be addressed to facilitate the growth of business activities.
He acknowledged that the country's exports have witnessed some decline, but reaffirmed that government was working on many initiatives to turn around the falling exports and further enhance them.
Member of National Assembly Mian Abdul Manan said that he has discussed the issue of rent control act with Barrister Zafarullah Khan, Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Law and he has assured to present its bill in the next session of the National Assembly.
He hoped that the bill would soon be passed into law that would help in redress of problems of traders and facilitate growth of business activities.
Speaking at the occasion, Sheikh Amir Waheed, President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry said that with the consultation of all stakeholders, an amended bill of rent control act for Islamabad was prepared that was presented long time ago by Mian Abdul Manan in the National Assembly.
However, delay in its enactment was creating frustrations in the trading community as they were feeling insecure due to absence of rent law.
He stressed that government should pass the bill into law without wasting further time so that traders could do business with a sense of security and peace.
He said Pakistan's exports have come down from 24 billion dollars to 20 billion dollars while the exports of regional countries including Bangladesh, Vietnam and India were going up and urged the government for addressing key issues of exporters on priority to facilitate the revival of dwindling exports.
Protesters listen during a "Peace and Sanity" rally Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in the Brooklyn borough of New York, during a rally about white supremacy violence in Charlottesville, Va. (Photo: Bebeto Matthews / AP)
New York — Protesters decrying hatred and racism planned to converge Sunday in front of President Donald Trump's New York home and elsewhere around the country, saying they felt compelled to counteract the white supremacist rally that spiraled into deadly violence in Virginia.
The planned gatherings spanned from a march to Trump Tower in New York to a candlelight vigil in Florida to a rally in a public square in Cleveland.
Some focused on showing support for the people whom white supremacists' condemn. Other demonstrations were pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, the issue that initially prompted white nationalists to gather in anger this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia. Still other gatherings aimed to denounce fascism and a presidential administration that organizers feel has let white supremacists feel empowered.
“People need to wake up, recognize that and resist it as fearlessly as it needs to be done,” said Carl Dix, a leader of the Refuse Fascism group organizing demonstrations in New York, San Francisco and other cities. “This can't be allowed to fester and to grow because we've seen what happened in the past when that was allowed.
“It has to be confronted,” said Dix, a New Yorker who spoke by phone from Charlottesville Sunday afternoon. He'd gone there to witness and deplore the white nationalist rally on a Saturday that spiraled into bloodshed.
Meanwhile, dozens of people carrying signs with such messages as “White Supremacy Is Terrorism” and “Another Suburban Mom Against White Supremacy” were rallying in Greenville, South Carolina, video footage from The Greenville News showed.
Organizer Todd May, a Clemson University professor, said the goal is to show the targets of white supremacist rhetoric that “they're not alone.”
Other protests were planned later in the day in other places, including candlelight vigils in Winter Haven, Florida, and near the New Hampshire Statehouse. Other demonstrations centered on confederate statues on the state Capitol grounds in West Virginia and in Tampa, Florida; officials in Tampa have voted to relocate theirs.
The Florida chapter of the group Save Southern Heritage released a statement Sunday expressing “horror and disbelief” over the deaths in Charlottesville, Virginia, but also blaming news reports for “renewed attacks on Florida's historical assets,” including the Tampa Confederate war memorial.
Charlottesville descended into violence Saturday after neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to “take America back” and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields.
Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing a woman. A state police helicopter monitoring the events crashed into the woods, killing two troopers. In all, dozens of people were injured. The cause of the crash is under investigation.
Prominent white nationalist Richard Spencer, who attended the rally, denied all responsibility for the violence. He blamed the counter-protesters and police.
Trump condemned what he called an “egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,” a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation “includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville.
“For those who questioned whether ‘oh, don't call it fascism' … this should resolve those issues,” Reiko Redmond, an organizer of a Refuse Fascism protest planned in San Francisco, said by phone. “People need to get out in the streets to protest, in a determined way.”
Associated Press writers Jonathan Drew in Durham, North Carolina; Jennifer Kay in Miami Beach, Florida, and Holly Ramer in Concord, New Hampshire, contributed to this report.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2uDASTW
Detroit King 46, Detroit Central 34
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
OTTAWA — The reverend for a church in the rural Ottawa community of Bearbrook is calling for the return of a bell she suspects was stolen for scrap metal last week.
Rev. Margo Whittaker says it's not clear exactly when on May 21 the 100-kilogram bell was taken from Trinity Anglican Church, but she says how it was stolen became evident when a piece of it was found on the church grounds later that day.
She says a handyman for the church found the piece of the bell on the ground, then climbed the belfry to discover it was missing.
Whittaker says the handyman then spoke to the groundskeeper, who recalled filling up a hole beside the church that was the same shape as a bell.
She says she believes at least two people used a ladder to climb up to the belfry, detach the bell and drop it to the ground, before making a getaway.
Whittaker says members of the congregation are "very upset," adding that the church has been in the community for more than 120 years.
"There are a lot of people who have history here," she said. "We have a huge cemetery and there are hundreds of people who have relatives buried in the cemetery on the church ground, and we would like to ring the bell at the cemetery service, which is coming up on Father's Day."
She said the congregation is praying that whoever took the bell will have a change of heart, or that someone will give information that will lead to its return.
"There are stories of church bells being stolen and then church bells being found," Whittaker said. "It's not unprecedented ... and that gives me hope."
Ottawa police said they have received a report on the alleged theft and investigators are checking local scrapyards.
After a win in her first match at a major in 16 months, Serena Williams discussed her French Open fashion statement, balancing tennis with motherhood and more. (2:59)
PARIS -- Serena and Venus Williams won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years, advancing to the second round at the French Open on Wednesday.
Editor's Picks After slow start, Halep storms back at French After making 16 unforced errors in losing the first set, Simona Halep stormed back to beat Alison Riske in the first round of the French Open.
Serena rallies in tiebreaker, outduels Pliskova Serena Williams rallied after trailing 3-0 in a first-set tiebreaker, and then held off Kristyna Pliskova to advance at the French Open. 1 Related
The sisters dropped the first set before coming back to beat the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
While the jury is still out on why, it's pretty clear that mental illness is on the rise in the United States in recent years. Titles like "The Meteoric Rise of Mental Illness in America and Implications for Other Countries" and "The Alarming Rise in Teen Mental Illness" blare at us from social media and news outlets. Mass shooting after mass shooting is attributed to individual mental health problems, rather than structural societal ones. The opioid epidemic barrels forward, with no sign of stopping. And, at the same time, a recent CDC study found that despite increases in serious mental distress, access to mental health services are on the decline.
So what do you do if you're suffering from depression, but your insurance doesn't cover therapy? Or what about when you start having debilitating anxiety attacks, but you don't even have insurance? Or what if you've tried traditional therapy but it doesn't seem to work for you and your particular ailments? One answer: Find alternative types of therapy.
“Alternative” therapy just refers to anything that isn't traditional talk therapy or cognitive behavioral therapy. (You, know — the image of sitting down in a room with a therapist an talking about your feelings.) It can include working with a professional or can simply be an activity that helps people control their minds, feelings, and symptoms. While traditional therapy has been and continues to be a great resource for people dealing with mental health issues and trauma, it's not available to or not the right fit for plenty of people.
With that in mind, here are nine people who use different types of alternative therapy, and why they love it.
1 Arielle, 27: Dance Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "I suffer from pretty intense derealization and dissociation and find that dance is one of the only modalities to really help get me back into my body. When I stay consistent, I find it's really helpful. I've been off the wagon for a bit and notice my symptoms intensify when I haven't danced in a while. By just having a few moments of tapping back into my body and myself, I find that I don't get as anxious or nervous when I'm floating above myself the rest of the day, because I have a point of reference to come back to. I just recently started getting back into traditional therapy, which is definitely helpful but doesn't alleviate any symptoms. It's been a great way to focus on the specific issues I want to work on and make me feel like I'm doing everything I can to get better, but it doesn't necessarily help me get better."
2 Anonymous: Trauma Sensitive Yoga Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I use] trauma sensitive yoga to incorporate therapy and healing into my physical body once I had gotten to that stage in my recovery. Yes, I am still doing both [traditional and alternative therapy]. I find the combination of "traditional" and "alternative" to be the most effective, rather than one or the other."
3 Irene, 40: Somatic Experiencing Therapy Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I chose this form of therapy] because trauma is stored in the body and cannot be released by talking about it. Somatic Experiencing works with the nervous system to release stuck energy from a past nervous system activation (when we were unable to fight/flee or froze) that did not get discharged (nervous system was not allowed to calm down), thereby creating a new balanced, relaxed and calm normal. Somatic Experiencing helped me release pent up anger and regulate my nervous system, releasing most triggers that would have created anxiety in the past. I have done traditional therapy and coaching before and it helped to a point— but it did not go deep enough within the body, so I had outbursts of anger and anxiety that I did not know were coming from or how to manage them."
4 Genya: Reiki glisic_albina/Fotolia "I found a therapist who is also a reiki practitioner, so she offers both talk therapy and reiki for my anxiety. And since she's an LMHC my insurance covers our visits. I love it! It's an amazing option for dealing with stress and anxiety. When I'm having trouble slowing down to process complex emotions, it's a great tool."
5 Emma, 31: Acupuncture Joe Raedle/Getty Images News/Getty Images "I actually started acupuncture as treatment for a hormone imbalance, but I found that talking about the different things that are affecting my energy each week has been as therapeutic as — if not more than — the needles themselves. I've done traditional therapy in the past but the thought of finding a therapist right now exhausts me. Starting acupuncture felt like a much lower barrier to entry."
6 Chris, 45: Biking Thomas Lohnes/Getty Images News/Getty Images "I hate all people. You know, pretty much. [I chose to bike because] it's biking. Ipso facto, it is awesome. Did couple counseling once. Meh. People are really really really stupid and there's just no substitute for good ol' introspection."
7 Michael, 43: 5 Rhythms And Ecstatic Dance Andrew Zaeh for Bustle "Check out Maps to Ecstasy by Gabrielle Roth. It's an effective and fun way to process through emotions via movement. And the community is amazing, all over the world. I have not done traditional therapy, but am familiar with it. The model isn't my style."
8 Alex, 30: Meditation, Self-Help Books Andrew Zaeh/Bustle "[I chose this type of therapy because] I feel like it is more on my time. I like that I'm not expecting anything of anyone else, even a therapist. How's it going? I think I'm killing... I mean, I know from the outside it looks great. I'm positive that I'm checking lots of societal boxes, but I'm not sure I'm doing all I want to. No, I know I'm not. I want a lot."
What a year it was for the electronic music scene in Colorado. With an absolutely packed summer at Red Rocks and beyond, the “bass capital” as many like call it, is also home to Decadence – arguably the largest New Year's Eve dance concert in the country. Many, if not most of those electronic artists, had already come through Colorado this year and had no choice but to return to the Rockies and put together a line-up of the hottest EDM acts right now.
From the heavy noise of Bassnectar, to the the dream-like synths of Flume, Decadence truly outdid themselves this year to bring yet another epic two-night New Year's Eve run. Luckily, I had the the opportunity to witness the madness on night one, (12/30) to get an idea of how a production of this proportion could be pulled off.
20,000 dance fanatics packed into the Colorado Convention center starting at about 6 p.m. for what was to be a bit of a marathon if you wanted to stay until the 3 a.m. close. Once inside it was easy to be overwhelmed by the sheer size of the opened up and dark cavern that was the Colorado Convention Center. Of course, the first thing on the list was grabbing a cold beer, a task otherwise not worth mentioning, however, the circumstances insist otherwise. New to the event this year, Decadence had the idea to make people wait in line to purchase drink “tickets,” then walk to the other side of the room – stand in another line – and redeem those tickets for the actual drinks. An idea many – including myself – were not too happy about and seemed to be a head scratching strategy.
However, if the double drink line brought you down, the music was sure to bring you back up. The young Swedish producer Kasbo began the night with a surprisingly full house to bring music that he said “makes you wanna dance and cry at the same time.” Kasbo was just the first on the long list of Decadence artists who played Red Rocks this summer and didn't feel guilty to give Denver another taste of their music before the year was over. RL Grime, Marshmello, Griz, Zeds Dead, Bassnectar and Disclosure all somehow were in the same room at the same time Friday night, and were going to do their best to give the people what they wanted.
The first highlight of the night was a “versus” set featuring trap kings Baauer and RL Grime. Worthy of their own solo sets to begin with, the two DJs went back to back with their respective hit dirty tracks. At some points I wondered if this kind of music was appropriate to be played before 9 p.m. But it didn't matter to anyone – including myself – who was brought to a tribal state of mind during this battle of beats.
The night ended with three surprisingly amazing sets back-to-back-to-back all worth mentioning. Likely well-known now to most young Coloradans, Bassnectar played an extended and massive hour and a half set that spared nothing, even though it was on the eve of his own New Year's Eve show in Alabama. Immediately after was Toronto born Keys N Krates, one of the few live bands at Decadence who performed tasteful and unique live trap music. Finally, the perfect set for the wee hours of the morning was a Disclosure DJ set. Initially disappointed they weren't bringing their live performance, I was pleasantly surprised to hear the English brothers play fresh house music, that brought you back to the feelings of a small underground club.
Although we missed night two, I have no doubt headliners The Chainsmokers and Flume gave the bass capital (Denver) the New Year's Eve celebration they deserved. If Decadence keeps booking line-ups like this one, you can bet it will be back for years to come.
All photography by Romeo Fernandez.
LIKE other countries, our nation also marked the advent of New
Year with dazzling display of fireworks and colourful ceremo
nies in different towns and cities. Though every year special arrangements are made to commemorate the dawn of New Year but this time around the occasion was special due to improved law & order situation and successes the country has achieved over the last one year in different fields especially against the terrorists.
Though the year 2016 saw some very horrific attacks especially in Quetta but compared with the situation in previous years when blasts had become a routine matter, there is no doubt that situation today stands far better improved with greater sense of security amongst the masses. Newly appointed DG, ISPR, Major Gen Asif Ghafoor very aptly and rightly posted on his Twitter account successes achieved by armed forces against internal and external enemies as well as their development in different spheres. Credit for this undoubtedly goes both to the civil and military leadership for taking security related matters head on without making any compromise and we have no hesitation in saying the country in fact is on the right track to achieve complete peace and security. Regardless of what the critics say about the National Action Plan, we believe it has achieved major successes but at the same time points which so far have been neglected such as State control over seminaries need to be implemented with the cooperation of provinces. Whilst the networks of terrorists stand dismantled, the govt must launch de-radicalisation programmes in order to permanently eradicate extremism from the society. With the entire nation standing united, we pray that New Year brings complete peace to the country that will definitely also open new avenues of prosperity for the nation.
Related
by Rhina Guidos
WASHINGTON (CNS) — New York's Cardinal Timothy M. Dolan will take part in the upcoming presidential inauguration of Republican Donald Trump.
“I am honored to have been asked to offer a reading from Scripture at the upcoming presidential inauguration, and look forward to asking almighty God to inspire and guide our new president and to continue to bless our great nation,” Cardinal Dolan said in an email to Catholic News Service.
Trump, a lifelong New Yorker, will be sworn in as the 45th president of the United States Jan. 20.
According to the president-elect's inaugural committee, other faith leaders who are scheduled to be present include the Rev. Samuel Rodriguez of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference; Paula White of New Destiny Christian Center; Rabbi Marvin Hier, dean and founder of the Simon Wiesenthal Center; the Rev. Franklin Graham of Samaritan's Purse and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association; and Bishop Wayne T. Jackson of Great Faith Ministries International.
The Washington Post reported in a Dec. 21 story that Trump is scheduled to attend “a private family church service at St. John's Episcopal Church near the White House,” where many previous presidents have worshipped just before being sworn-in.
A day after the inauguration, Trump is expected to attend the 58th Presidential Inaugural Prayer Service, an interfaith service at Washington's National Cathedral.
“The cathedral is a sacred space for the nation to come together at moments of national importance, including the inauguration of our presidents,” officials for the cathedral said in a statement. “The Inaugural Prayer Service is a moment for our next president to pause and contemplate the incredible responsibility he has been entrusted with and to listen as the faith community offers prayers for the office of the president.”
In October, Cardinal Dolan hosted Trump and his then-rival for the presidency, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, at the 71st annual dinner of the Alfred E. Smith Memorial Foundation. The charitable gala, which drew 1,500 people, is named for a former governor of New York who was raised in poverty and who ran for president in 1928. Smith was the first Catholic nominated by a major political party to run for the nation's highest office.
Copyright ©2017 Catholic News Service / U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
5 lowest Test innings of all time
Sahil Jain FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 626 // 04 Jul 2018, 23:19 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Test cricket does bring with it the element of surprise with every game and it amazes everyone with different stats, different numbers in almost every inning and every day. Sometimes they are good records and sometimes they are records teams (or players) would not be proud of.
And Bangladesh registered one such unwanted record as they were bundled out for a mere 43 on the first day of the first Test against West Indies in Antigua. It is the 10th lowest score in Test cricket history and the 3rd lowest in the first innings of a Test match. This 43 is also the lowest total against West Indies.
Some unwanted records tumbled for Bangladesh in these innings of 43 but here let's take a look back at 5 of the lowest Test innings in cricket history.
#5 36 - Australia vs England, Birmingham (1902) and South Africa vs Australia, Melbourne (1932)
Bachelor in Paradise's Corinne Olympios has broken her silence about what happened to her and fellow contestant DeMario Jackson that led to the shutdown of the show while Warner Bros. investigates the allegations of misconduct. She tells TMZ that she's a "victim." TMZ also reports that she's hired high-powered Hollywood lawyer Marty Singer to represent her, which probably means that a lawsuit is imminent.
In her statement to TMZ, Olympios says:
I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.
Her attorney Marty Singer is one of Hollywood's top lawyers, who's been a fixer for a who's who of A-listers.
Chris Harrison urges patience in Bachelor in Paradise scandal
Jackson has not commented on the allegations other than to say Olympios is an "amazing girl" and to thank fans for their support, though an anonymous source who claims to have witnessed the scene told the Daily Mail that Jackson did nothing wrong and the tape will prove that. The Daily Mail also published a crew member's account that says Olympios "appeared to be unconscious" during the encounter.
Bachelor in Paradise shut down production on Sunday. Warner Bros. is conducting an internal investigation into allegations of misconduct. A field producer filed a complaint with the production company due to concern that Olympios was too drunk to consent to a sexual encounter. The show will not be returning this summer, and may not return at all.
A FEW years ago, Sydney man Andy Corcoran bought himself a second work van.
But when his property maintenance business went through a quiet period shortly afterwards, Mr Corcoran soon regretted the purchase.
"I thought 'Oh my God, what am I going to do about the monthly [repayments]?'" Mr Corcoran said.
But luckily for Mr Corcoran, an acquaintance had just started working at peer-to-peer car rental service Car Next Door, so he decided to sign up.
Four years on, he's never looked back after earning around $40,000 on the side, on top of his regular income.
"I got maybe half a dozen bookings in the first couple of months then all of a sudden it just snowballed - now the van can be out for one or two hours or one or two days at a time, especially over the Christmas holiday period, when it can be booked out," he said. "It's generally there for rent 24/7 and if I ever need it, I just book it out for myself and take it.
"It's a really cool way of using a vehicle when you don't need it for yourself."
Mr Corcoran gets an automatic message when his van has been booked by a new customer, and at the moment he's getting more than 20 bookings a month.
He said there was "very little involvement" needed from him, with clients booking online, accessing the keys by punching a PIN into a storage box and then returning the vehicle again at the end of the process.
In fact, all Mr Corcoran has to do is clean and maintain the vehicle, and make sure there's some fuel in the tank for clients.
"I have very little to do with it so it's a great way of using the vehicle and getting good revenue," he said.
He said his biggest customers were apartment dwellers who used the van to move their belongings, as well as people using it for business purposes.
Others rent it for holidays over the summer period.
"It's a great scheme because you really don't need your vehicle 24 hours a day. Most people only work Monday to Friday so on the weekends your vehicle can work for you," he said. "Weekends and evenings are often dead time anyway when your vehicle is doing nothing - most people only work for around eight hours a day - so it's great to know there's another way of earning a buck or two."
Mr Corcoran said he expected the popularity of car sharing services to keep growing, and said he would consider buying another vehicle in future if the demand remained steady.
alexis.carey@news.com.au
American student Otto Warmbier released from North Korea prison arrives in US T he news surfaced after the flamboyant retired NBA basketball star Dennis Rodman - a former contestant on Trump's "Celebrity Apprentice" reality show - flew to Pyongyang to resume his quixotic quest to broker detente between his US homeland and Kim Jong-Un's authoritarian regime. telegraph 1:08:00 PM CEST U.S. blames North Korean government for cyberattacks since 2009 euronews-en 5:59:00 AM CEST
Hatters boss Nathan Jones declared himself 'content' by his side's 1-1 draw at Mansfield Town this afternoon.
Luton had fallen behind in the first half to Alfie Potter's volley, before levelling five minutes in the second period through Danny Hylton's 26th goal of the season from the penalty spot.
Although the result meant Town could no longer achieve automatic promotion this season, with Plymouth and Portsmouth joining Doncaster in going up, when asked for his thoughts on the outcome, Jones said: “I think content is the word. I'm not really happy as we came, we wanted three points, but in terms of the scale of the game and what it means, I think a point is pretty much a fair result and it's not a bad point.”
Although Hatters barely threatened home keeper Jake Kean in a low key first half, Jones refuted the suggestion that his side had been below bar.
He continued: “I think that would be a bit harsh. We negated them to literally set-plays, that was it.
“They had no other threat apart from set plays and we negated that as we controlled the ball, we didn't go back to front and allow them to get any head of steam up.
“The frustrating thing was we conceded from being sloppy from a set play again. Second ball, ball comes out, no-one's marking on the edge of the box, people let a runner go and that's frustrating.
“As it doesn't matter how much work you do, that's just a discipline. But apart from that, I didn't feel we were under any real, real pressure.
“We know they're going to knock balls long, so it seems like you're under a bit of pressure, but all they do is knock balls long, try and fight, try and get on second balls.
“We negated that and I can't remember them creating much apart from late on where they just put it in the box.
“So it was quite a controlled performance. I thought second half we were the better ones, but first half, just never really had a killer instinct about us really.”
The closest Town came in the opening period was a back header from home defender Rhys Bennett which required a sprawling stop from his own keeper, as Jones was disappointed by their lack of a goal threat.
He said: "We got in real good areas and that's what we said at half time, we need a bit more of a ruthless streak.
"As we counter attacked really well, Danny (Hylton) had one, but he wanted to take an extra touch. They want to score perfect goals, instead of sometimes just pulling the trigger.
"Apart from Cameron McGeehan, we don't score from outside the box, because they don't want to pull the trigger and sometimes it looks wonderful, but we just want to win football matches.
"That's probably the only thing. We looked solid, we competed, these are a very physical front foot, energetic side, but we're a good side. We don't get beaten much, we just probably needed to have a bit more killer instinct first half, but I was pleased with the second half."
The result kept Hatters in fourth place, as although their gap to eighth was cut to four points, Jones still felt they were in a strong position with three games to go.
He added: “It was important not to lose the game today, in terms of not to be three points off (eighth).
“So it's a decent point. These are flying in terms of how they are and their energy.
“They have a manager who drives them on, so we knew it was a dangerous game to come in today, but I thought we acquitted ourselves fantastically well apart from one lapse in concentration, thought we deserved what we got.”
Burewala/Karachi
The body of a 12-year-old boy was found from the fields near PI Link Canal Breach on Burewala's Multan Road early Saturday morning. The police said that the child had been murdered after rape, adding that the body has been sent for postmortem. Taking notice of the incident, Chief Minister Punjab Shehbaz Sharif ordered an inquiry into the incident. The CM also summoned a report from the DPO on the matter.
CM Shehbaz also assured that victim's family of complete cooperation in the case investigation. The boy has been identified as Ali Manzoor, a resident of Azeemabad. His family said that the minor had left his house for tuition two days ago and never returned back home. The police have arrested the prime suspect in the case with the help of victim's family. A case has been registered and further investigation is under way.
Earlier in the day, the body of a seven-year-old boy was found from Gujranwala's Kamoke town. Authorities speculated that the boy was raped and then murdered.
The child was strangulated to death, the authorities added. Two domestic workers, employed at the victim's house, have been taken into custody and currently being investigated.
In Karachi, police have arrested the brother of a minor boy who had been raped and murdered in the city.
The body of the minor was recovered near Stadium Road on Thursday. According to the post-mortem report, the minor had been sodomized before being killed. The Civil Hospital medico-legal officer (MLO) Dr Shahid said that the minor had been strangled to death after the sexual assault.
Police said the suspect who is the elder brother of the victim is a drug addict and committed the crime after an argument with the father. Earlier, a case had been registered at the New Town Police Station and included charges of murder and kidnapping.—INP
HULL FC head coach Lee Radford has expressed his delight at retaining three key members of his squad for 2018.
Former South Sydney winger Fetuli Talanoa has signed a new one-year deal as has the versatile Danny Washbrook, now in his second spell with his hometown club having joined from Wakefield Trinity last term.
Both helped Hull win the Challenge Cup in 2016 while a third – utility player Jordan Thompson – has put pen to paper on a fresh two-year deal taking the former Castleford Tigers player to the end of 2019.
Radford said: “It's really pleasing to see all of them stay with the club.
“They've all had big influences in their time here and are all in their prime at the moment or heading into it. Having tasted success last year, I've no doubt they will be hungry for more.
“Fetuli was one of my first signings, Jordan was here my first year and I played with Danny so know what to expect from him.”
The Airlie Birds have also taken a France Under 23s international on trial with a view to earning a contract.
Elsewhere, Super League clubs met yesterday and decided not to make any decisions over potential changes to the competition's structure until the end of the season.
Some matters up for discussion were possibly awarding the League Leaders' Shield at the end of the regular season, resetting or adjusting of the points totals ahead of the Super 8s and Thursday night television games starting earlier.
Meanwhile, Geoff Toovey has finally been confirmed as Bradford Bulls head coach – the Australian having needed to wait five months to take official control due to visa issues.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): Chairman, International Green Economy Association Deng Jihai on Wednesday showed keen interest for developing Special Economic Zone (SEZs) in Pakistan.
A 24-member Chinese delegation led by Deng Jihai visited Board of Investment (BoI) and met with Secretary, BoI Azher Ali Choudhry for exploring bilateral investment opportunities.
The delegation comprised not only public sector but diversified sectors including power, renewable energy, agriculture, environmental protection and industrial zone development.
The ship building, consultancy, real estate, trade, logistics and healthcare sector representatives were also accompanied the
delegation.
The delegation was on third visit to Pakistan and the leader of the delegation appreciated efforts of BoI, Ministry of Planning, Development and Reforms and Ministry of Commerce in facilitating their visit to Pakistan.
The Chairman International Green Economy Association also
informed that during this visit he will also visit Lahore, Faisalabad and Karachi.
The Secretary BoI welcomed the Chinese delegation, explained
about general investment climate and highlighted importance of
Chinese investment in the country.
The delegation was given a detailed presentation about Pakistan investment policy, different investment schemes including export processing zones (EPZ), special economic zones (SEZ) and facilitation extended to foreign investors by BOI.
The Secretary, BOI encouraged Chinese side to develop and manage a special economic zone, either in collaboration with BoI or independently.
He emphasized that SEZ's along China Pakistan Economic Corridor routes would have a natural advantage of back-word and forward linkages and owing to the experience of Chinese side there is every possibility to maximize the advantage.
The Chinese side welcomed the proposal and designated M/s GBO-Global to discuss this idea in detail with BOI at technical level.
China's Announcement A Game Changer for Elephant Conservation
China has announced a ban on ivory trade and all processing activities by the end of 2017. These sparks hope among conservationist groups that it could stem the tide of mass killing of elephants.
The Chinese government announced the commitment to end the ivory trade on Friday.
China's plan to end the ivory trade will be carried out over the course of the year. The plan includes mandatory closure of legal ivory processing factories and business to close by March 31.
Aside from that, the plan entails regulation of legal ivory collection, strengthening enforcement and education and “vigorously” pushing for a transformation of the ivory carving industry.
China has the biggest ivory market in the world. Estimates suggest 70% of the world's trade ends up in the Asian country. Ivory products are seen as a status symbol by a majority of the Chinese people.
Hailed by WWF and WildAid
China's commitment to end the ivory trade with a timetable attached to it has garnered approval from conservationist groups including World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and WildAid.
Carter Roberts, the president and CEO of WWF, said,”China's announcement is a game changer for elephant conservation. The large-scale trade of ivory now faces its twilight years, and the future is brighter for wild elephants.”
In addition, WildAid CEO Peter Knights said in a written statement, “China's exit from the ivory trade is the greatest single step that could be taken to cut poaching for elephants.”
The Worrying Status of Africa's Elephants
Scientists believe Africa may have held as many as 20 million elephants before the European colonization. But through the years, things were not good for Africa's savannah elephants.
In the seven years between 2007 and 2014, the elephant population decreased by 30%, or 144,000 animals.
As of July, Africa's savannah is now home to only 352,271 elephants, according to the Great Elephant Census.
The Culprit
The decreasing number of elephants is blamed on illegal poaching due to rising demand of ivory. Sadly, China is home to the world's largest ivory market. In fact, the rising demand of ivory in China has led to the death of 100,000 elephants between 2011-2014.
The Great Elephant Census showed high rates of poaching in several southern African countries that were previously reported to be safe havens, like Botswana, Zambia and Mozambique.
Air Force Radio News B 17 April 17
Today's stories: 24 Airmen earned the German Armed Forces Proficiency Badge at Fort Campbell, KY. Also, a new terminal at Hurlburt Field, FL becomes the first Special Operations Logistics Readiness Squadron to become a Space-Available support base.
DETROIT (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 5:59 pm |
2018 Model 3's at a Tesla dealership. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
A wireless update of antilock braking software improved the stopping distance of Tesla's electric Model 3, prompting Consumer Reports to reverse course and give the car its “Recommended Buy” rating.
The magazine said Wednesday that the update cut 19 feet off the car's stopping distance from 60 miles per hour. A previous test — the results of which were released a little more than a week ago — found that it took 152 feet for the Model S compact car to stop from 60, the longest braking distance of any modern car the magazine has tested.
The improved braking raised the car's score high enough for it to receive the coveted recommendation. But Consumer Reports still has concerns over wind noise, a stiff ride and the touch-screen controls that could distract a driver.
After the first round of testing was made public, Tesla CEO Elon Musk promised to fix the problem within days. Consumer Reports says it was told by Tesla that the software helps the brakes adapt to variations in how they are used and how they respond in different environmental conditions.
On Twitter Wednesday, Musk wrote that he appreciates the “high-quality critical feedback” from Consumer Reports and said that noise and ride comfort already had been addressed. He didn't say how. Another software update will address the controls, he wrote.
The software update was done either via the car's cellular connection or a wireless internet link, depending on how the owner configures the car, according to Tesla.
Jake Fisher, Consumer Reports' director of auto testing, said that in 19 years of work for the magazine he has not seen a car's track performance improve with a wireless update.
Musk pledged in a tweet last week that the braking improvements would make the Model 3 best in its class. But Consumer Reports said the stopping distance was not class-leading and the further updates may be necessary.
Share this article:
0 votes
As seen on this week's RAW, Apollo Crews defeated Kalisto as Titus O'Neil watched from ringside and Akira Tozawa sat in the front row. Tozawa was brought to the front row to watch as Titus has been trying to recruit him for The Titus Brand. Titus, Crews and Tozawa celebrated together after the win but Tozawa wasn't thrilled. In the Fallout video below, Kalisto warns Tozawa that Titus is only in this for himself. Kalisto knows Tozawa and Crews go way back but he wants Tozawa to know that he can't trust Titus.
WWE has a new poll asking fans who they consider WWE's most valuable Superstar of 2017 so far – John Cena, AJ Styles, Charlotte Flair, Randy Orton, Roman Reigns, WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar, Bayley, Seth Rollins, WWE United States Champion Kevin Owens, WWE Intercontinental Champion The Miz, Sasha Banks, RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss, Dean Ambrose, Bray Wyatt, Goldberg, Braun Strowman or Samoa Joe. As of this writing, AJ is running away with the poll at 36% of the vote. 8% voted for Orton while 7% went with Bliss, 6% for Joe, 6% for Reigns and 5% for Cena. Lesnar, Braun, Goldberg, Owens and Rollins all have 4%. The rest received 2% or less.
As noted, it appears The Revival will be returning soon as Dash Wilder was seen in the ring during this week's pull-apart brawl between Samoa Joe and WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar on RAW. Dash suffered a broken jaw in mid-April and was expected to be out of action for 4-8 weeks.
In an update, The Revival were once again shown backstage walking in the background after Big Cass was laid out by a mysterious attacker. The Top Guys were previously shown backstage walking after Enzo Amore was mysteriously laid out. The Revival's Scott Dawson tweeted the following right around the time the Cass segment aired on RAW:
We're the absolute best tag team on this planet. Just remember that. #MondayNightRevival #TopGuys#NoFlipsJustFists — Scott Dawson (@ScottDawsonWWE) June 13, 2017
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
Big News on a Crazy Brock Lesnar Feud, “Broken” Hardy Plans for WWE RAW Revealed, Vince McMahon Upset with WWE Newcomer, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Toronto police have asked the National Centre for Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains for help as they expand their investigation into accused serial killer Bruce McArthur. They are also in the process of connecting with the Ontario Provincial Police's serial predator crime investigations unit about the case, police spokesperson Meaghan Gray told the Star on Friday. McArthur, a 66-year-old landscaper, faces five charges of first-degree murder in the disappearance of Andrew Kinsman, Selim Esen, Majeed Kayhan, Soroush Mahmudi and Dean Lisowick. Police, who revealed earlier this week that they had discovered human remains buried in planters at a Leaside home, have expanded their search to at least 30 properties connected to McArthur's landscaping business. They believe more remains will be uncovered. The charges followed months of growing concerns in Toronto's Gay Village about the number of men with ties to the community who had gone missing in recent years and fears that their disappearances were not being treated seriously.
Article Continued Below
Now, Toronto police will be working with the national missing persons centre and the Ontario serial predator unit as part of an expanded investigation. Toronto police have also reached out to at least one other jurisdiction to look at possible ties with McArthur. Waterloo Region police were asked whether there were possible connections between McArthur and David MacDermott, a Kitchener man who disappeared in 2002. But Waterloo police told the Star on Friday that there was no link. While Hamilton police said they are not assisting Toronto police with the investigation, spokesperson Const. Lorraine Edwards confirmed they are “currently reviewing all our missing persons' files.”
South of the border, FBI spokesperson Kelsey Pietranton said she was “unable to confirm or deny the existence of an investigation.” For police, missing people are some of the “most difficult” cases, said Carole Bird, a retired RCMP officer, who led the development of Canada's National Centre for Missing Persons and Unidentified Remains and was at its helm until she retired in 2015. Under Bird's leadership, the centre pushed for a national database for police to provide more comprehensive information about missing persons' cases. This meant an investigating police service could ask the centre to match a missing person case with unidentified remains or look for links with other cases across the country, Bird explained. “Your case is dependent on what kind of information you have and how much you can narrow it down,” she said. In most cases people reported missing will return home safely in a few days, Bird said.
ISLAMABAD, Jan 2 (APP): Consumer Price Index (CPI) during December 2016 witnessed an increase of 3.7 per cent as compared same period a year ago.
On month-on-month basis the inflation decreased by 0.7 per cent in December 2016 as compared to November 2016.
According to the data of Pakistan Bureau of Statistics, average
CPI based inflation during first half (July-December) of current fiscal year increased by 3.88 per cent as compared to same period of previous year.
The core inflation measured by non-food, non-energy CPI
increased by 5.2 percent on year on year basis in December 2016 as
compared to increase of 5.3 percent in the previous month and 4.1
percent in December 2015.
On month basis, it increased by 0.1 percent in
month and an increase of 0.2 percent in corresponding month of last
year.
The core inflation, measured by 20 percent weighted trimmed
mean CPI (Core Trimmed) also increased by 3.7 percent on year on year basis in December as compared to 3.8 percent in November and by 2.7 percent in December 2015.
The Sensitive Price Index (SPI) increased by 0.6 percent in December 2016 as compared to the corresponding month of last year.
Similarly the Whole Sales Price Index inflation on year on year basis also increased by 3.1 percent in the period under review as compared same month of last financial year.
Top few food items which had recorded increase in their
average prices during last month included eggs, tea, cigarettes, gram whole, fish, gram flour, and vegetable ghee.
The items which registered decreased in their average prices
included potatoes, fresh vegetables, sugar, chicken, gur, pulse mash, tomatoes, onion, pulse masoor and pulse moong.
The non-food items with increasing trend included motor fuel, kerosene oil, tailoring,woolen cloth, newspaper, firewood whole and medical equipments.
“It's not about proving a point,” she said. “It was just something I wanted to do. It was something I believed in that I have nothing to hide. When I got married, it was the most beautiful phase. Pregnancy was the most normal thing that was going to happen and giving birth to a child is as normal as ever.”
Washington Nationals slugger Bryce Harper, center, is helped in the dugout after he was injured during the first inning Saturday night against the San Francisco Giants. (Photo: Nick Wass / Associated Press)
Washington — When Bryce Harper writhed in pain on the field and clutched at his left knee and then didn't put weight on his left leg as he was helped off, the possibility of a career-altering injury seemed realistic.
Harper was definitely worried.
“Of course you're going to think the worst,” he said. “It's definitely a bad feeling.”
That bad feeling subsided as Harper walked up the stairs from the dugout to the clubhouse, tested his knee by jumping up and down and then got the MRI results that revealed what the Washington Nationals hope is season-saving news. General manager Mike Rizzo said Harper has a “significant” bone bruise in his left knee but avoided the kind of ligament or tendon damage that would have put a pin in the team's World Series aspirations.
There's no definitive timeline for Harper to return, but manager Dusty Baker referenced 10 days to two weeks. At the very least the Nationals are hopeful the star outfielder and NL MVP candidate will be back before the end of the season.
“It was definitely a relief,” Harper said Sunday. “We're going to take some time to definitely let it heal. I want to be at 100 percent whenever I play. The World Series is definitely on my mind, playoffs, things like that.”
Rizzo said the Nationals feel they “dodged a bullet” but didn't want to undersell the significance of the bone bruise, which came when Harper hyperextended his knee slipping on a wet base in the first inning of a rain-delayed game against the San Francisco Giants on Saturday night.
“The bone bruise, it's real,” Rizzo said. “It's an injury, and we're going to have to treat it accordingly.”
Rizzo said the conditions, which included steady rain during the play “aided” in the injury but didn't blame Major League Baseball for going ahead with the game. Harper was upset about playing in the rain at 10 p.m. but called it a “freak accident.”
“I don't like wet bases,” Harper said. “It's just an unfortunate situation that happened. There's nothing I can do.”
Harper, the 2015 MVP, is hitting .326 with 29 home runs and 87 RBIs in 106 games this season, and his presence in the lineup is crucial to Washington playing deep into October.
The Nationals running away with the NL East gives them the luxury of playing it safe with Harper. Given injuries to Harper, Stephen Strasburg — who has a rehab assignment Monday — and others, the Nationals' focus is getting healthy for the playoffs.
“We don't know how long he's going to be out, but he will be back before the end of the season,” Baker said. “We expect him to be back for the stretch drive and be healthy. That's what we want.”
This fall is especially important considering Harper can be a free agent after the 2018 season, crystallizing Washington's championship window with Max Scherzer in his prime and a lineup built with power around the 29-year-old face of the franchise, Daniel Murphy, Trea Turner, Anthony Rendon and Ryan Zimmerman. Even injuries to Strasburg, Turner, Jayson Werth and more haven't hurt the Nationals yet because of their organizational depth.
“When talking about building an organization, you'd be short-sighted you'd be short-sighted to think about the 25 men on the major league roster,” Rizzo said. “This is a 40-, 50-man operation and you have to rely on great scouting to bring the players and great development to get these guys ready to play at an optimal level in a pennant race for the Washington Nationals, which is not easy.”
The injury to Harper opens up playing time in the outfield but would present a difficult challenge if he's not ready by the start of the postseason. The Nationals don't have another Harper in the system, and neither does anyone else in baseball.
“He's definitely one of those guys that you can't replace on a team,” starter Edwin Jackson said.
Harper knows that and vowed not to play through an injury — unless it's the playoffs. At that point, all bets are off.
“If I don't feel good, then I'm not going to go out there and play,” Harper said. “Of course if we were in the playoffs right now I'd tape it up and get out there and hobble the best I could and do that.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tennova Healthcare celebrates heart month, encourages healthy heart
Lebanon, TN, 1/30/2017 – This year, Americans will spend approximately $2 billion on candy gifts for the special Valentines in their lives. That's good news for the chocolate industry, but it's a whole lot of sugar. If you're looking for a non-traditional Valentine gift for someone you love, consider giving the gift of a healthier heart.
“Every year, heart disease claims the lives of a half million men and women in the United States alone – husbands and wives, moms and dads, with loved ones left behind wondering if the loss could have been prevented. Many times, it could have been,” said Fathi I. Ali, M.D, FRCPC, FACC, director, Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory & Cardiac Services.
While we've made much progress in diagnosing, preventing and treating heart disease over the past three decades, it is still the leading cause of death by far – responsible for more deaths than all forms of cancer combined. The greatest accomplishment in this area has almost certainly been the acknowledgement that women are at equal risk to men for heart disease, while their symptoms may be significantly different. With millions of adult men and women living with heart disease, and millions more living with the risk factors that precede heart disease, here are some things you can focus on this Valentine's Day to help protect your heart – and the heart of your sweetheart.
Evaluate and address metabolic syndrome. This is a group of health risks — large waist size, elevated blood pressure, glucose intolerance, low HDL cholesterol, and high triglycerides — that dramatically increases your chance of developing heart disease. But metabolic syndrome is reversible, and your doctor can help you determine your ideal numbers. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: tandem bike; healthy cooking classes; beginners' yoga DVD.
Address diabetes head-on. Diabetes increases the risk of heart disease in women even more than it does in men. Although women usually develop heart disease about 10 years later than men, diabetes erases that advantage. Type II diabetes is highly treatable, and in some cases even reversible. Work with your doctor to prevent or manage the condition and add years to your life. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: fresh strawberries; gift cards for smoothies; personal blood glucose monitor.
Stop smoking. Smoking remains one of the greatest independent risks for heart attack and stroke in both sexes, but women who smoke are twice as likely to have a heart attack as male smokers. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: quit smoking together; ask your doctor for an appropriate “stop smoking aid” if either of you struggle to quit.
Get moving. We've all heard it – “sitting is the new smoking.” Even if you work out for an hour a few days each week, sitting more than 6 hours a day increases your risk of heart disease almost as much as smoking. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: standing work desk; mini stair stepper; activity band or pedometer; high quality running shoes.
Chill out together. The dangers of chronic stress, overwork and sleep deprivation cannot be overestimated in terms of their impact on your heart health. Americans' lives are notoriously busy and stress-filled, so use Valentine's Day to focus on happiness and relaxation. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: couples' spa day; weekend vacation (or staycation); local meditation or yoga classes.
Get peace of mind. If you have risk factors, symptoms or a family history of heart disease, invest in appropriate diagnostic testing to ensure your risk is managed. Work with your doctor to determine which testing is best for you. Ideal Valentine's Day gifts: scheduled visit with a cardiologist, EKG, cardiac stress test, C-reactive protein, cardiac calcium scoring test.
The greatest gift you can give your loved one is the gift of health, strength and long life. So instead of candy or flowers, get creative this Valentine's Day. If you need assistance finding a physician partner to help you diagnose or manage heart disease, please call us at 615-453-7434.
KITCHENER — We're only a few decades away from a world where robots that are virtually indistinguishable from living, breathing humans will be walking among us.
That's the future envisioned by Suzanne Gildert, founder and CEO of Sanctuary AI, a company on a mission to create humanlike robots known as "synths" — short for "synthetics." And while the opportunities are immense, there also are serious ethical questions about how we treat these machines.
"What happens when they become sentient and we can just delete their minds?" Gildert asked the crowd of more than 500 people at the True North tech conference, organized by Communitech at Lot 42 in Kitchener.
"I argue this would be very bad for robots and we need to address this," she said. "The word 'delete' should give you an uneasy feeling."
The ethical quandaries go beyond merely wiping a computer's mind with the push of a button. As we train robots to be more like humans, engineers put them through a complex rewards program to tell them if we're happy with how they performed.
Once they reach a certain level of sentience, engineers will implement a "pain" response to properly test the system, and that may be analogous to human torture or animal testing, Gildert said.
"As we progress, where do we draw the line?" she said. Gildert said she first started thinking about the ethics of robotics when she developed a Pong-playing robot that sat on her desk and learned how to play the classic video game.
It was like watching a child learn a new skill, but when the experiment was over and she had to wipe its memory file, she had a hard time going through with it.
"I was so proud of it."
The world of science-fiction films and books have often painted a bleak picture of what the future of robotics and synthetic humans might look like, with some predicting a world of chaos and disorder after robots have attempted to conquer humanity.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Carbondale
Community event: Carbondale Pioneer Nights Wednesday-Saturday; food, fun, games and entertainment; parade, Saturday, 6 p.m.
Dunmore
Passes available: Dunmore School Board's golden age policy, free district-sponsored admission for residents 65 and older, passes available, Aug. 21-22, 10 a.m.-noon, high school athletic director's office, lower foyer; proof of eligibility required.
Old Forge
Group meets: Sons of Italy, Gloria Lodge 815, District 6 meeting, Monday, 6:30 p.m., Arcaro & Genell banquet room.
Olyphant
Food sale: All Saints Orthodox Church ethnic food sale, Friday, 11 a.m.-5 p.m.,, church hall, 211 Willow Ave., pierogi/butter and onions, potato pancakes, halushki (cabbage and noodles), halupki (piggies), pagach, clam chowder and wimpies, homemade baked goods; 570-383-0785 or 570-561-8082, or church hall the week of the sale, 570-489-5591.
Regional
Coast Guard vets: Northeastern Pa. Coast Guard Veterans Association meeting, Wednesday, 6:30 p.m., Perkins Restaurant, 304 Route 315, Pittston Twp.; Neil Morrison, 570-288-6817.
Scranton
Slavic festival: St. Mary's Byzantine Catholic Church Slavic Festival, Friday and Saturday, 5-10 p.m., and Sunday, noon-5 p.m., 320 Mifflin Ave., homemade ethnic foods, homemade soups, carnival foods, clams, beer tent, raffles, white elephant sale, live music both nights.
South Scranton
Neighbors meet: South Scranton Neighborhood Association meeting, Wednesday, 6:30 p.m., UNC Building, 509 Cedar Ave.; Scranton recycling coordinator Tom Lynch will speak about the city's recycling program and will have recycling containers available for residents who do not have them.
CLIPBOARD ITEMS may be emailed to yesdesk@times
shamrock.com or mailed to Clipboard, c/o YES!Desk, 149 Penn Ave., Scranton, PA 18503. YES!Desk, 570-348-9121.
We have another filing for a tech IPO today, this one from a company called CompuLab coming in amid a continued flurry of IPOs.
But, really, the story here is just that — it's just another small tech IPO amid a flurry of filings. Snap started off the year with a bang, rattling off a highly successful IPO (though its continued performance is not so great) and opening up the so-called IPO “window.” That opened the door for other companies like Yext and Okta to go public amid a bunch of others. The biggest one on the radar, however, is now Blue Apron.
CompuLab's IPO today is really emblematic of the push to become public and get that big liquidation and financing round going. Looking at its financials, the company that makes “fan-less” computers showed decreasing revenue year-over-year in 2016, though it did post a profit. This is likely going to get a lot of mixed reviews as Wall Street loves growth, but it really likes a company that makes money too. In 2015, CompuLab brought in $27.8 million in revenue, while it brought in around $22 million. In 2016, however, it brought in a net income of $1.4 million.
So, back to Blue Apron. Speaking of functional companies, Blue Apron filed to go public earlier this year, showing a recent quarter of rather incredible losses. But in the first quarter last year, it was also profitable, bringing in $3 million. Blue Apron is largely considered a consumer IPO, though it involves a complex web of logistics and fulfillment processes. Following Snap's declining stock price, it'll be up to Blue Apron to really determine the future of the IPO window in the back half of the year.
But the kinds of IPOs happening ahead of Blue Apron have a sometimes weird array of products. Gunshot detection startup also went public, and the IPO was also wildly successful with a 26% pop. But that's another example of companies trying to get into public markets now that the appetite is there.
CompuLab's kinds of mini PCs may become increasingly important as more and more computing gets distributed. Oddly it doesn't appear that this company is breaking out its most recent quarters, but it'll be a wait and see for now. Some of these companies are ancient, with CompuLab starting in 1992.
So, in the next couple weeks we should see more details about this one, but it's going to be another blip on the radar as all eyes look toward Blue Apron.
Featured Image: Science Picture Co/Getty Images
NBC 5 reports Texas legend James Cavender, who founded Cavender's western wear retain chain in 1965 in Pittsburg Texas (where he still lived with his wife), died yesterday at East Texas Medical Center in Tyler, TX.
The company is now based in Tyler, and has over 70 stores in Texas, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas, New Mexico, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, Alabama and Nebraska.
Cavender turned the business over to his 3 sons about 20 years ago, and had been having health issues the past few years that sometimes required hospitalization, according to Cavender's CFO Jim Thompson.
When you look at the map of Cavender's locations, its very clear how important having the strongest presence in Texas was important to James.
Sincere condolences to James' family, friends and former co-workers.
James Cavender was 87. R.I.P.
For months, a Weezer fan known on Twitter as @weezerafrica has mounted a campaign to convince the band to cover Toto's 1982 hit single "Africa." After the band first responded to that campaign by releasing a cover of Toto's "Rosanna" last week, Weezer finally came through on Tuesday by surprise-dropping an "Africa" cover on YouTube. The sole visual for the four-minute audio clip is a screengrab of @weezerforafrica's December 2017 tweet that reads, "@RiversCuomo it's about time you blessed the rains down in Africa." Noisey reported last week that the creator of @weezerafrica is a 14-year-old from Cleveland named Mary who says she first heard "Africa" on the show Stranger Things.
Video of Weezer - Africa
Let's ignore the fact that the game shouldn't have even been played.
Let's ignore the fact that, because of a rainout in the Friday opener of the Washington Nationals-San Francisco Giants series, there was already a day-night doubleheader scheduled for Sunday, and that the rains came again on Saturday, causing a lengthy delay that ended after about three hours. Ended not because the powers-that-be decided to cancel the game, but because they decided to actually play the thing.
Let's also ignore the fact San Francisco entered the weekend 600 games back in the National League West (give or take a few hundred), and that Washington was 300 games up in the NL East (give or take). And that given their respective positions within their divisions, if Saturday's game had been canceled, there was virtually no chance it would've mattered if both teams ended up playing 161 games instead of 162.
And if it did end up mattering -- like if the Nationals ended up neck-and-neck with the Millouiscago Brewdinubs (that'd be the Milwaukee Brewers, St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs), or if they got crazy hot and ended up sneaking on the Los Angeles Dodgers -- it wouldn't be a huge deal for the Giants to make a return trip to the District for Game 162 on Oct. 2.
The Nationals can still win regular-season games without Bryce Harper, but whether they could do it without him in October remains to be seen. Greg Fiume/Getty Images
Let's ignore all of that because, at this point, there's no turning back. What's done is done. Bryce Harper slipped on a wet first base and suffered one of the more gruesome-looking injuries you're likely to see on a baseball field, and now he's on the disabled list. There's no undoing it. So let's focus on what it means for the Nationals going forward.
The good news is, according to general manager Mike Rizzo, there was no damage to Harper's knee ligaments. If there had been, like there was when Nats outfielder Adam Eaton blew out his knee in similar fashion in April, then Washington would have been looking at playing without Harper for the rest of the season -- both regular and post.
For now, Harper is on the 10-day DL with what's being called a bone bruise. But just because it's the 10-day DL and it's being called just a bone bruise, don't just assume Harper will be back in a couple weeks. After all, teammate Jayson Werth has been out since early June, when he fouled a ball off his foot that resulted in an injury that was also described at the time as a bone bruise. More than two months later, Werth still hasn't returned, and we now know that injury was actually a fracture. On top of that, Rizzo wasn't able to give a time frame for Harper's return. So for now, it's anybody's guess as to when the face of the franchise gets back on the field.
Fortunately for the Nationals, they've got that aforementioned 300-game lead (OK, it's 14). No matter how much of the regular season Harper misses, his team is all but a lock for the postseason. It was the same logic that applied when leadoff man Trea Turner went down with a broken wrist in late June, and it's even truer now that we're six weeks closer to the playoffs and Washington has extended its division lead by a few more games. As Rizzo told reporters on Sunday morning, the club is inclined to err on the side of caution, just as they've done with starter Stephen Strasburg because ... well ... they can.
The question is, could the Nats afford to enter the playoff gulag either (A) without Harper for the duration or (B) with a Harper who's in mid-February form due to a prolonged absence that didn't allow him enough at-bats to ramp up in time for the postseason?
As good as Harper has been this season -- and to be clear, he has been good enough to put himself firmly in the MVP conversation -- there's evidence to suggest Washington might be able to survive without him come October. Don't believe it? Then you haven't been paying attention the past three and a half months. When Eaton's knee went kablooey in late April, there were those who thought the Nats' playoff hopes went kablooey right along with him. Since then, they've lost a laundry list of key cogs that includes Werth and Turner, Strasburg and fellow starter Joe Ross (Tommy John surgery) and back-end relievers Shawn Kelley and Koda Glover. The fact that they've continued to win and continued to pad their lead in the NL East speaks to just how deep the Nats are, especially when it comes to offense.
Is Dusty Baker's ball club better with Harper in there? Absolutely. But with sneaky MVP candidate Anthony Rendon, who batted third in the first game A.B. (after Bryce), along with Ryan Zimmerman and Daniel Murphy, there's still firepower aplenty in the middle of the order. Although Turner isn't the same kind of player that Harper is, he has been so dynamic and so valuable in the leadoff spot that getting him back comes close to canceling out Harper's absence. Not to mention, rookie Brian Goodwin and recently acquired veteran Howie Kendrick have been godsends to Baker's beleaguered outfield, Taylor came off the DL on Sunday and Werth will return eventually (won't he?). Washington can still score runs and win games, even without Harper.
But winning games against the Miami Marlins or Giants in August is very different from winning games against the Cubs or Cardinals or Dodgers or Diamondbacks in October. Whether the Nationals would be able to do that without Bryce Harper remains to be seen.
Hopefully, for their sake, they won't have to find out.
Napoli and Real have met only once in the competition, in 1987 when it was still the European Champions Clubs' Cup. After a 1-1 draw in Naples, Real won the second leg of their first round tie 2-0 to advance.
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy Pause
1:05 Fort Worth superintendent stands by restroom policy
1:59 Opal Lee goes to Washington
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley
1:05 The Dallas Cowboys season in 60 seconds: Watch
1:51 American Airlines flight attendants: "Love AAfair is over!"
The Toronto Raptors are free. Their tormentor, their destroyer of worlds, the man who was the final length of fuse to fire their soon-to-be-award-winning coach, the NBA god who experimented with just how to throw down the lightning bolts, with just how to send the plagues, with just how to test their faith not only in the game but in themselves …
He's gone. LeBron James is a Los Angeles Laker, and here come the aftershocks. One is that the Toronto Raptors are free.
But with freedom comes choices, and responsibility. This time, LeBron broke the Raptors. Not all of them, and not completely, but he broke them. That's why Dwane Casey won 59 games and was voted the coach of the year, and in between he got fired. It's why the team has been exploring trade concepts for Kyle Lowry, or DeMar DeRozan, or Jonas Valanciunas — who along with Norm Powell is said to be highly available — or almost anyone if it's the right deal. (That the Raptors would be open to moving Serge Ibaka goes without saying, even if he probably won't be going.)
Casey was fired and the core is unstable because in the biggest moment, the moment the Raptors had been building up to for years, they faced a vulnerable and shaky Cavaliers team and still blew it against LeBron. Game 1 and everything after broke the Raptors, and deeply cracked management's faith in what they are.
So what now? LeBron has gone to L.A. and into the glamour of deep uncertainty. He immediately joins the pantheon of the greatest players who have ever worn the uniform, which is so vast Kobe Bryant doesn't rate in the top five: it's now LeBron, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Magic Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain and Shaquille O'Neal as a top five, with Karl Malone and Jerry West and even Elgin Baylor in the mix for sixth.
Of course, LeBron spoke in the last days as a Cavalier about how he wanted to play with more cerebral players, and then the Lakers signed Lance Stephenson and JaVale McGee and Rajon Rondo: one half-crazed fighter, one seven-foot goofball and a genius non-shooting point guard. He may be ascending to some kind of pan-entertainment and wealth level of superstardom that will extend into his post-basketball life. The Lakers might trade for San Antonio's Kawhi Leonard or find some other way to create a contender; when the Lakers have a star, all things are vaguely possible.
But unless they do it's possible that at 33, still playing some of the most incandescent basketball anyone has ever played, LeBron James might not really matter in the NBA championship picture anymore, or even the finals picture. He seems secure in his legacy; he wouldn't have gone to L.A. without being sure he had enough help if he wasn't. But LeBron lives with Golden State now, and more. A certain level of basketball irrelevance is on the table.
The Raptors may not matter, either. They thought they did, but they found out they were wrong. But someone has to represent the East on the NBA final butcher block. Boston is set to be loaded; Philadelphia, after missing out on LeBron, is another year into the process.
And maybe Toronto can play with either one. New coach Nick Nurse is an unknown; Ibaka and Lowry will be another year older. The youth of Pascal Siakam, OG Anunoby, Delon Wright, Jakob Poeltl and the newly re-signed Fred VanVleet will be one year better, whatever that looks like.
So the real question for team president Masai Ujiri and general manager Bobby Webster is, how badly were they broken? Something was missing in that series. The Raptors talked all season about how they believed in themselves, and when the moment came they weren't brave enough, weren't cohesive enough, weren't good enough. It really did turn their entire season into cardboard.
She made a name for herself in Montreal and beyond as a star reporter at The Gazette, known for her commitment to social justice, getting the story behind the story, and getting it right.
That confidence and daring to tackle challenging assignments took Montgomery to a range of issues and venues: living conditions of Indigenous communities in Northern Quebec, Namibia becoming independent, South Africa emerging from apartheid, Haiti coping with the 2010 earthquake, and sexual abuse at Collège Notre-Dame.
Now 57, the Brampton, Ont.-born long-time NDG resident is focusing on a new career in municipal politics, as the Projet Montréal candidate for borough mayor in Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce, vying to replace incumbent Russell Copeman, now part of the Denis Coderre team.
Montgomery says her goals include “more communication with the
residents and more consultation.”
“Now things are done from the top down – I think we should do things from the bottom up,” she said in an interview at the backyard of the NDG duplex she shares with husband Ian Hamilton, executive director of Montreal-based Equitas, which provides education on how to advance human rights. Their son Michael is a Cegep student, and daughter Molly is in university.
“I don't think there is enough transparency and when projects are done I don't think residents are consulted,” she said, recalling she was among area residents who organized opposition to a plan for a Provigo at Claremont and de Maisonneuve, resulting in it being shelved.
As for her politics, she defines herself as a feminist and progressive who supports the $15 minimum wage and is committed “to help the less fortunate among us so we are all raised up. And the one percent needs to pay their fair share.”
Montgomery's political career – she was a candidate for the New Democratic Party nomination in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce–Westmount in 2015 – dovetails with her involvement in issues she covered at The Gazette, Canadian Press, and as a reporter during a one-year stint with Gemini News Service.
Reporting on the Velvet Revolution in Czechoslovakia in 1989, she recalled that her desire to help out took over when activists seeking to overthrow the Communist regime and planning a general strike asked her to review the English version of their manifesto. Montgomery allowed her instinct to take over: Though she remembers being busy gathering material for her reporting, she sat in front of a typewriter and corrected the manifesto.
While on assignment in Port-au-Prince, she remembers that “Haitians in Montreal were texting me from here saying, ‘my aunt is at such and such a place, can you please go and make sure she is ok. I would go and then send them a message.
“There were people dying, I couldn't just write about it. I actually helped feed people, helped dress some wounds, helped deliver a baby: You just couldn't help.”
Since leaving The Gazette, Montgomery has been looking for a new way to focus her energy.
“The last good story I could do was about the sexual abuse scandal at Collège Notre-Dame,” for which she was awarded the 2009 Judith Jasmin Award for journalistic excellence.
Reduced staff meant there were fewer opportunities for time-consuming investigative reporting, she said. “We just were not making a difference any more, we were just filling space.”
In many ways, she has never stopped making a difference. In 2014, Montgomery, with Toronto Star journalist Antonia Zerbisias, created the #BeenRapedNeverReported hashtag, which went viral and sparked a global discussion on sexual assault. After brief stints as media advisor with the Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and then Amnesty International, Montgomery accepted an invitation to run for the borough mayor's job with Projet Montréal.
“I am basically an activist, somebody who wants to get things done. When I was fund-raising for Haiti, I said, ‘let's just do it.' When families came here (seeking refuge from the earthquake), I said ‘let's just do it.'
Montgomery doesn't just talk: She not only raised funds for children from Nepal and Haiti who came
for specialized surgery at the Shriner's Hospital, she billeted them in her home.
Municipal politics is where she feels she can have a direct impact.
“We live in a fantastic borough. There are amazing community groups here that are energetic, engaged. There is a real neighbourly feeling, but I don't think we are living up to our potential. Côte-des-Neiges is very rich in all the different immigrant groups that are there, all the support groups. I think I can make a difference in supporting the very strong grass-roots movement here – they are the ones who know what needs to be done.”
When it comes to broad policy, Montgomery promises to campaign for a “fair share” of the city budget. She says the borough, the third largest contributor to city revenues and its most populated, is “underfunded.” She wants to invest more in cultural, recreational, and sports facilities, improve coordination and communication when it comes to road work, and strengthen bus service.
As for incumbent Copeman: “My main beef is that he is not a full-time mayor. He spends time on the Montreal executive committee.” Since November 2013, in addition to his borough mayor's job, Copeman is responsible for housing and urban planning. “All that does be augment your salary and take you out of the borough,” she says.
“If I were to be mayor I would be here full-time.” Montgomery acknowledges that Copeman, a former Liberal member of the National Assembly and Associate vice-president, external relations at Concordia University, “knows his stuff.” But she points out what she sees as his shortcomings. “I don't feel any passion from him. I find him very dismissive of residents at borough council meetings. He gets really short with people.”
Montgomery has no experience as a politician or manager – her university degrees are in political science and journalism – but she says her ease with people and her proven ability to learn quickly will make up for it.
When she pursued part of her undergraduate training at the University of Mannheim, she arrived there for courses in German not knowing the language, she said.
“If I can learn German, I think I can learn to be a mayor. People are sick and tired of the Old Boys club, spending $1 billion on the Montreal 375th birthday party when there are so many other things to attend to. Why not put that money into subsidized housing?
“What makes a good manager is someone who listens. People just want to be heard and I am someone who listens.”
irblock@hotmail.com
Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice Ralph Gants said a court clerk's error allowed for an Uber driver charged with raping his passenger to flee to his native Ghana earlier this month.
Gants told The Patriot Ledger Monday that Frederick Amfo was not asked to turn over his passport after posting bail because of "confusion" in the clerk's office.
Amfo, 30, was charged with rape after he allegedly assaulted a woman in Weymouth on April 8, prosecutors said. He was arraigned in Quincy District Court on April 13 and ordered held on $10,000 bail with the conditions that he stay away from the alleged victim, surrender his passport, and no longer work as a rides-hare or tax company driver, The Boston Globe reported.
A spokesman for Norfolk County Sheriff Michael G. Bellotti told The Globe that Amfo posted bail at around 5:30 p.m. on April 13. As is protocol for when a sexual assault suspect is released, the sheriff's department alerted the district attorney's office, The Boston Globe reported.
The Massachusetts Trial Court told The Boston Globe in a statement that officials issued a warrant for Amfo's arrest on April 17, after learning he had left the country.
"At the time the defendant posted bail and was released from the House of Correction, the defendant had not surrendered his passport to the court," court officials told The Globe.
Gants told The Patriot Ledger Monday that it seemed a clerk's office employee confused rules for people released on personal recognizance with the protocol for people are required to post bail. People released on bail are required to turn in their passports.
How To Understand The Philosophy Of 'Groundhog Day' And Live Life By Its Message
The director Harold Ramis didn't intend for his movie Groundhog Day to be heralded by religious thinkers as an example of how to live life, but that's exactly what happened after it was released in 1993. Salon reporter Mary Elizabeth Williams tells NPR's Mary Louise Kelly that after fighting cancer, she has come to understand the movie's universal message.
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Stop me if you've heard this one before.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
BILL MURRAY: (As Phil) It's February 2, Groundhog Day.
SHAPIRO: Today is not just the day that Punxsutawney Phil looks for his shadow. This year is also the 25th anniversary of the movie "Groundhog Day."
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
MURRAY: (As Phil) A thousand people freezing their butts off, waiting to worship a rat.
SHAPIRO: The Bill Murray comedy about a weatherman who lives the same day over and over has had staying power. Philosophy classes include "Groundhog Day" in their syllabus. There was even a Broadway adaptation - "Groundhog Day: The Musical."
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSICAL, "GROUNDHOG DAY: THE MUSICAL")
UNIDENTIFIED ACTORS: (As characters, singing) If I had my time again, I'd open all the doors I never looked behind before and...
SHAPIRO: Mary Elizabeth Williams has written about why this movie struck a chord, and she has a new article about it in Salon. Welcome.
MARY ELIZABETH WILLIAMS: Thank you for having me.
SHAPIRO: Rough plot outline - in this movie, Bill Murray's character starts out as kind of awful person. And as he lives the same day over and over and over again, he eventually becomes a more selfless person. What's the secret sauce here?
WILLIAMS: I think it has such amazing durability for a couple of reasons. It's very clear that it does somehow tap into so many of the themes of philosophy, of faith, of religion that I think can be so neatly applied to so many different kinds of belief systems. But I've also found that you can watch it at different times in your life and see different things in it.
SHAPIRO: When you first watched it you were, like, in your 20s.
WILLIAMS: Yeah. And now, 25 years later - it's half a lifetime later, and it feels like such a different story to me now because it really is about this character who's closer in age to now where I am who has made a lot of mistakes and is learning and keeps learning.
SHAPIRO: And is the lesson that you take away when you watch it now that, well, if you could live every day over again you'd be able to perfect it, but since you can't you're kind of stuck? Or is the lesson that we all have an opportunity - I mean, like, what do you get out of it?
WILLIAMS: I feel it's so resonant right now because I look around me and everything I see or read seems to be about maximizing your time and maximizing your efficiency.
SHAPIRO: Right.
WILLIAMS: And this is really a story about the incredible, painstaking, patience-testing process of learning and failing. And it's certainly not about building skill sets in terms of doing card tricks or learning how to play the piano...
SHAPIRO: Which are things that he does over the course of the movie.
WILLIAMS: Exactly. But what ultimately gets him to that next level of transcendence or however you want to apply your belief system to it is by kindness, is by community, is by becoming a part of something and starting to work not for benefiting himself, but benefiting other people.
SHAPIRO: We actually have a clip of the director, Harold Ramis, who was famous for "Ghostbusters" and "Caddyshack" and other legendary comedies that were maybe a little less profound. And this was almost a decade ago. Before he died, he told the Hudson Union Society that almost as soon as the movie came out he started to hear from Catholic priests and Jewish scholars and psychoanalysts. And they all said this movie was clearly a metaphor for the teachings that their group subscribes to.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
HAROLD RAMIS: My mother-in-law lived for 35 years in a Zen Buddhist meditation center. I called her right away on the weekend, and she said they saw it, they - the abbots and the senior monks. She said they loved it. They thought it expresses a fundamental Buddhist concept.
SHAPIRO: I mean, it's pretty remarkable - right? - that all these different groups each saw their own teachings in this kind of screwball comedy.
WILLIAMS: Well, I think it's pretty great because it implies that there is something beyond the teachings of any one particular faith or philosophy, that this is a deeply humane film, that this is really a story of humanity and the story of the big questions we ask about what we're doing with our time. It's perfect because what is "Groundhog Day"? It's this, you know, completely kind of random, silly, superstitious thing that's about, how much more time are we going to have to wait until we get to something better?
SHAPIRO: You had an experience in your own life that I imagine was pretty profound. You survived stage 4 cancer. And when we think about how much time we have left on this earth, I would imagine that a fatal illness kind of gives you a different perspective on that.
WILLIAMS: It does. It's both profound and there's something really reassuring about knowing that on some level you're going to be the same goofy time waster you ever were. I had metastatic cancer and I still spend way too much time looking at Instagram. It's not like I go out and plant trees every day. But it definitely changed my relationship with time. Whether you have a little bit of time or a lot of time, kind of the only thing that really matters is how much you can give to other people. That's what I learned in having a little bit of time, and that's what I think Phil learns in having a lot of time.
SHAPIRO: Mary Elizabeth Williams speaking with us about the 25th anniversary of the movie "Groundhog Day." It's been a pleasure. Thank you.
WILLIAMS: Thank you so much. Happy Groundhog Day and every day out there.
(SOUNDBITE OF MANFRED MANN'S "I GOT YOU BABE")
SHAPIRO: Stop me if you've heard this one before.
(SOUNDBITE OF FILM, "GROUNDHOG DAY")
MURRAY: (As Phil) It's February 2, Groundhog Day.
SHAPIRO: Just kidding.
(SOUNDBITE OF MANFRED MANN'S "I GOT YOU BABE")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Valin Corporation, a leading technical solutions provider in San Jose Calif., announces its 2018 Mobile Technology Vehicle (MTV) tour has added a special focus on refineries. The truck travels across the Western United States demonstrating Valin's value-added capabilities and supply partner capabilities, speaking specifically to an engineering audience. In addition to the semiconductor industry, this year's tour will feature solutions for operation managers, engineers and engineering managers at refineries and the engineering firms that support refineries. The tour began in April and will run until the end of October 2018.
“We have received tremendous feedback from customers regarding the interactive nature of our Mobile Tech Vehicle. The MTV unit showcases our solutions in a way that is intuitive, interactive and very educational for the customer,” said Joe Nettemeyer, President and CEO of Valin Corporation.
When the MTV was launched 9 years ago, it contained a significant amount of hardware to show to customers. Today, the vehicle has evolved and now showcases a software program complete with 40 and 55-inch touchscreen monitors, providing Valin customers the ability to see the latest solutions and innovative products for industrial process control and analytical applications.
“The redesign of the MTV was very impressive. The process and information display screens are well designed and easy to manipulate to find what you are looking for,” said Sami Baig, Senior Facilities Process Engineer, NXP Semiconductors.
Valin helps companies sustain a competitive advantage by addressing today's challenges with innovative technology and a sense of urgency.
For more information about the MTV, please visit http://www.valin.com/mtv. To schedule a MTV visit to your facility please contact the Valin Marketing Department at marketingsupport@valin.com.
By Larry Canning.
I've just sent off my Christmas present list to Santa Claus and thought I'd share with you. When I refer to Santa, I'm not talking about the Tiger Woods version that was seen on Google recently. Sure he's getting into the spirit a bit with the hat and beard but the fact he isn't wearing a single other thread of clothing tends to take away from the essence of the gig. Then again, Tiger Claus does know how to give without any need for a glass of milk and a couple of Scotch Fingers in return. Plus he definitely has a clear understanding of who's been naughty.
Here's my Christmas Wish List:
I. A new GUR Stake. I left mine in the rough on the 8th the other day but no-one handed it in.
2. A 100% guaranteed water proof glove – It seems every one I've tried seems to somehow start out really good but after a few holes into the round I find myself often asking my playing partner: “Did you see where that went?” He usually says something like: “Yeah it hooked into the trees left.” “No mate, the driver!”
3. I would love a set of rainwear that makes me hit it 10 yards further! You know how even the best wet weather gear seems to get in the way of your swing? I reckon if they can create a water proof outfit for Ian Thorpe which actually enhances his performance, there must be a way. I'll even wear the cap!
4. I need one of those mat things with handles on the side you get from Bunnings for when you need to bend down on your knees to do some gardening. I haven't bent down to look at the slope on a green since I turned 50. Not because I don't want too but by the time I get back up my partners have hit off the next tee and the group behind have called for Paramedics.
5. Santa, Can you arrange for more toilets to be built on my home course? The other day I was caught short and had no choice but to take a leak behind a tree. Suddenly I spotted a black snake lying no more than 6 feet away. You know how snakes are quite territorial? Well this one just looked at me and didn't move. No one believes me but I think I heard it giggle.
6. This might be a stretch Santa but I'd like to stage a Plebiscite. I'm thinking along the lines of having a Yes/No Voting Form sitting next to the score card box. Those against introducing severe penalties for the “IASPAIDGAR” (I'm A Slow Player And I Don't Give A Rats) Movement vote No and those in favour of penalties along the lines of paying for one packet of “No Doze” for each group booked in behind or a series of therapy sessions for the Club Professional everyone complains to, vote Yes.
7. Finally Santa, This isn't so much for me but one of our members here at Mount Broughton who nearly suffered a nasty injury a couple of months ago. I was in the Pro-Shop when I received a phone call from one of our lady members asking if I could turn off the Pop-Up Sprinkler System. She explained in a very nice calm manner how the timers seem to have been set to coincide with the arrival of her group on the last couple of holes. “I'll see what I can do” I said. Unfortunately, I had a group of golfers arrives and didn't get a chance to do anything before I received yet another phone call, this time from her husband and nowhere near as calm as his wife.
Eventually I got hold of the greenkeepers and the system was altered. After 9, another bloke in that group came into the shop with a grin on his face just slightly larger than the Joker out of Batman. He explained that old mate had figured the watering system had been addressed when he decided to straddle the pop up sprinkler on the 5th because the lie was too good to take a drop. Sure enough, just as he started his backswing, up bobbed the nozzle and on came the spray straight up his shorts! Maybe some kind of male underwear sensor system for the watering system here?
Thanks again Santa (Not Tiger) and Merry Christmas to all my loyal and hopefully non-mentally effected readers… Larry
Since the Brexit referendum media and politics seems to have turned anti-European but it seems that the public opinion is slowing starting to shift towards being more pro-European. There is increasingly despair among the public about the lack of leadership and success with the Brexit negotiations. Two years on from the referendum vote and we really don't know where we will be and what will be agreed over the next 5 months. A YouGov poll has consistently found that about two thirds of those polled feel the negotiations are going badly.
Below I have collected a number of YouGov polls around Brexit. They make for interesting reading.
Surprisingly, a recent YouGov poll found that 31 percent of Tories say the government's Brexit decision is wrong. This compares with 73 percent of Labour voters and 83 percent of Lib Dem voters. Because some voters think that the government now has a duty to implement the referendum 30 percent of Remainers want the government to go ahead with Brexit. Although, those who were undecided, during the referendum, are beginning to gradually favour staying in the EU.
YouGov also found that 42 percent think that Brexit will make the economy worse. Those who think the economy will improve is 24 percent, and on another question 38 percent think the UK will have less influence in the world while 17 percent believe the UK will have more influence.
On questions regards jobs 37 percent believe Brexit will be bad for jobs and 23 percent think it will be good for jobs. On the NHS 31 percent believe it will be bad, against 25 percent who felt Brexit would be good for the health service (presumably, they believe the NHS will get the £350 million a week after leaving the EU).
Those who are following Brexit news very closely was found to be 10 percent and 37 percent are following Brexit new fairly closely. However, of those polled majority say they are bored with so much Brexit news.
Further results of polls were: –
About half (49 percent) think the EU has had an upper hand in these negotiations;
While 26 percent of those polled believe that there has been give and take on both sides;
On the two year transition 50 percent felt it was a good idea and 23 percent didn't think it was a good idea:
The pool also asked the question if there is to be a transition period what you would prefer: 30 percent preferred one year and 49 percent preferred 2 years transition period.
On the question of: “In hindsight, do you think Britain was right or wrong to vote to leave the EU?” Right to leave was 43 percent and wrong to leave was 46 percent.
There is a very solid majority (maybe only just) who feel that leaving the EU is not the right thing for the UK to do and that this government is managing the process badly. The public also recognise that Brexit will not be good for the UK. Is it enough (IF we do leave the EU) that the Lib Dems were on the right side of history?
* Tahir Maher is a member of the LDV editorial team
A gold medal may have eluded them, but City of Peterborough Swimming Club (COPS) members certainly did themselves proud at the East Region Long Course Championships in Luton over the Bank Holiday weekend.
They returned from the event for the 11-14 year-old age group swimmers with eight silvers and eight bronze medals - an improvement of six medals on the previous year's performance.
Connor Walker.
And that delighted the club coaches.
Head coach Ben Negus said: “This was an encouraging step forward for our age-group swimmers. It's a good improvement on last year's medal tally and crucially our swimmers made more multiple final appearances. As a club we are pleased with this progressive step.
“I'm really pleased for the boys. Last year they only brought one medal home. However, this year they bring in an equal number of medals to our haul and this bodes well for the future.
“As a club we now look forward to the British and home nation championships in July and August.
Ella McGhie.
“There's just eight weeks to prepare and we can't wait to move on from this positive step forward.”
Age group coach Rebecca Barsby added: “I am pleased how the squad turned up and committed to the whole event from strength and conditioning poolside to racing hard to be their best across a hot three -day meet.
“For many it was the first time they had raced under long weekend conditions.”
Top COPS swimmer racing against the best in the Eastern Region for the first time was Josh Martin, who collected three super silvers and a bronze.
George Whiteman.
His bronze in the 100m breaststroke was a real battling performance after he qualified for the final in last place and took the outside lane.
George Whiteman also had the COPS supporters on the edge of their seats as he fought back from sixth to win a bronze medal in the 1500m freestyle.
For the girls it was Ella McGhie (three silvers) and Harriet Salisbury (two silvers and a bronze) leading the medal charge.
COPS medal winners:
Jess Shaw.
Female Medals (8)
Harriet Salisbury (three medals )
400m freestyle silver
800m freestyle silver
400m individual medley bronze
Ella McGhie (three medals )
50m back silver
100m back silver
200 individual medley silver
Jess Shaw (one medal)
200m fly bronze
Brenna Howell (one medal)
200m fly silver
Male Medals (8)
Josh Martin (four medals)
50m free silver
100m free silver
50m breast silver
100m breast bronze
Connor Walker (two medals)
100m fly bronze
200m fly silver
George Whiteman (two medals)
200m fly bronze
1500m free bronze
COPS regional qualifiers who took part were: Holly Graves (14); Jessica Shaw (13); Amy Paget (13); Jessica Mahoney (13); Harriet Salisbury (14); Brenna Howell (14); Kieran Griffin (12); Joshua Martin (12); George Whiteman (14); James Rothwell (14); Ruby Blakely (11); Ella McGhie (14); Sophie Griffin (14); Olivia Lee (14); Connor Walker (14); Kiara Kovac (14); Fabian Brudnicki (14); Safford Hewitt-White (12); Jamie Peacock (12); Mark Goodes (14); Josh Spencer (13).
Over 12,000 creepy-crawlies do their creepy-crawliest all over Hundred Waters' Nicole Miglis in this video for "Fingers," so consider this your warning... or invitation. We don't judge.
Like the insects in the Allie Avital-directed video, "Fingers" is built on hesitation and tension, as producer Trayer Tryon's low-end piano keys and muddled synths glide over Zach Tetreault's crisp drumming. "Some days I feel like I see you a little too much / But on the days I don't see you / Are the days don't see anything at all," sings Miglis with yearning, but somehow not screaming as 12,000 insects scuttle across her body.
The trio's new album, which now bears the name Communicating, is slowly turning out to be one that blurs the edges of smart electronic production and live instrumentation.
Communicating comes out Sept. 14 via OWLSA. A Hundred Waters goes on tour starting Aug. 25.
Eric Boullier has stepped down as McLaren's racing director in the midst of the team's recent struggles in Formula One.
Editor's Picks Under-pressure McLaren pinpoints problem areas McLaren has traced its lack of performance to a shortfall in its understanding of the car's aerodynamics after wind tunnel data misled the team's engineers.
Boullier joined McLaren from Lotus in 2014 and was in charge of the sporting aspects of the team during its recent struggles with former engine partner Honda. He had hoped to return the team to the front of the grid with Renault power this year, but a continued failure to perform -- largely due to issues with the car's aerodynamics -- has led to Boullier resigning ahead of the team's home race at Silverstone this weekend.
"I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years, but I recognise now is the right time for me to step down," Boullier said. "I want to wish everyone at McLaren the best for the remainder of the season and for the future."
Eric Boullier faces the media in France. Mark Thompson/Getty Images
The news has brought about a restructuring of the team's management with former ChampCar champion Gil de Ferran joining in a formalised role as the team's new sporting director. Simon Roberts, COO of McLaren Racing, will oversee production, engineering and logistics, while Andrea Stella, who joined the team from Ferrari in 2015 with Fernando Alonso, has been appointed performance director and will be responsible for trackside operations.
"The performance of the MCL33 in 2018 has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren, especially our loyal fans," McLaren CEO Zak Brown said. "This is not the fault of the hundreds of committed and hard-working men and women at McLaren.
"The causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.
"I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of the entire team to thank Eric for his service and contribution to McLaren and wish him well in his future endeavours."
The new follows two weeks of intense presure on McLaren after both cars failed to make it out of the first part of qualifying at the French Grand Prix and struggled for one-lap pace again in Austria. Race pace has been better -- the team is currently sixth in the championship on 44 points -- but it has only scored eight points since a major car upgrade was introduced at the Spanish Grand Prix.
At the French Grand Prix, Boullier was forced to defend his position after an anonymous source told the Daily Mail that the atmosphere at the team's factory was "toxic" in the build up to the race. Brown played down the story at the time, but the pressure on the team has built since then, leading to Boullier's resignation just two weeks later.
Tonight's lottery numbers were drawn at 8.30pm and one or more incredibly lucky people could walk away with all or a chunk of a huge, life-changing fortune.
Tonight's National Lottery jackpot is £9.7million, this Saturday, February 3.
If you don't win the main Lotto draw, you could become a millionaire through the Millionaire Raffle which has two prize tiers in every draw.
One person is guaranteed to win a £1million prize every draw and there are 20 guaranteed prizes of £20,000 each time around, too.
And don't forget the Thunderball. This is another game from the National Lottery with a prize of £500,000. This is played four times a week, on Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday nights.
The numbers and the Millionaire Raffle ticket is below - good luck everyone!
Another official, Ali Hossain, said the ship was very close to Sonadia island and was visible from the shore.
Hi!
You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
Thanks,
TC Team
Amazon Web Services has opened its second region in China with a local partner, Ningxia Western Cloud Data Technology. The launch comes just one month after Amazon denied reports that AWS is leaving China, but said the company sold “certain physical infrastructure assets” to Internet services company Beijing Sinnet, which operates its first region in the country, in order to comply with regulations.
As Amazon explained to TechCrunch at the time, “Chinese law forbids non-Chinese companies from owning or operating certain technology for the provision of cloud services,” which meant it had to sell those assets to Sinnet even though it continues to own all intellectual property for AWS around the world.
AWS's second China region will be based in Ningxia. An AWS region is a geographical area with its own availability zones, which is how AWS refers to technology infrastructure in locations set far apart from each other to protect customers from failures. Though it is only AWS's second region in China, the Ningxia region represents the seventh one in the Asia Pacific (the others are Beijing, Mumbai, Seoul, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo) and its 17th region in the world.
Like other foreign tech companies, Amazon must adhere to increasingly strict government regulations in order to stay in China, where it began operations in 2014. These include a new set of cybersecurity laws that took effect in June, ostensibly to combat cyberterrorism and hacking. In practice, however, the new laws mean China's central government now has more direct control over the operations of Internet companies. For example, it requires data localization for “critical information infrastructure operators.” While the definition of “infrastructure operators” is vague, it means many tech companies must now store data within China's borders.
In its press release, Amazon said even though AWS offers the same cloud services in China as in other areas, the AWS China regions “are isolated from all other AWS regions and operated by AWS's Chinese partners separately from all other AWS regions.” This also means that the users of AWS' China regions enter into customer agreements with Sinnet or NWCD, instead of AWS, in order to comply with government regulations.
In what can be seen as a sign of how closely tech companies must work with the Chinese government, Amazon's announcement contained a statement from a Communist Party official. He Jian, Secretary of Zhongwei Municipal Committee, said “We have developed a close collaboration with AWS based on mutual trust, and are delighted that our region is now offering highly resilient, high performance data centers to enterprises across the nation. We have already seen a rapid growth in the cloud computing industry, and with the unique resources of Ningxia combined with the mature expertise of AWS Cloud, we will set a great example for economic transformation in the west of China.”
In the same release, AWS CEO Andy Jassy said “Together with our partner NWCD, and with deep appreciation of the support we've received from the Zhongwei municipal government and Ningxia government, we're excited to announce the launch of the AWS China (Ningxia) region, operated by NWCD. The second AWS region in China is part of AWS's ongoing commitment to offer best-in-class cloud technologies to Chinese customers.”
AWS' main rivals in China include Alibaba's cloud computing business, called Aliyun, which is growing quickly thanks to aggressive investments by the e-commerce giant.
Featured Image: Bloomberg/Getty Images
Joe Bologna (Photo: Detroit News files)
Los Angeles — Joe Bologna, the actor, director and writer known for his role in the 1982 film comedy “My Favorite Year,” died Sunday. He was 82.
Bologna died in the Los Angeles area after a three-year battle with pancreatic cancer, his manager Matt Sherman told The Associated Press.
He was married to actress Renee Taylor, who credited his doctors for prolonging his life so he could receive a lifetime achievement award at the Night of 100 Stars for the Actors' Fund of America in February.
“He had a beautiful life,” Taylor said in a statement.
Bologna in July attended a 35th anniversary screening of “My Favorite Year,” in which he played King Kaiser, the star of a TV variety show.
Actress Renee Taylor poses with Joseph Bologna at the premiere for 'Boynton Beach Club' on August 1, 2006 in Los Angeles. Bologna died Sunday. He was 82. (Photo: Frazer Harrison, Getty Images)
Born Dec. 30, 1934, Bologna was a native of Brooklyn, New York. After he graduated from Brown University with a degree in art history, Bologna served in the Marines.
Bologna and Taylor married in 1965.
“Joe was a loveable man, a kind soul, a good friend and always a pleasure to be with,” Sherman said.
Bologna was nominated for an Oscar in 1971 for best adapted screenplay for “Lovers and Other Strangers.” He won an Emmy in 1973.
He had a string of television appearances and was a voice actor for the 2006 animated film “Ice Age: The Meltdown.” He also had a role in the 1999 Adam Sandler comedy “Big Daddy.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w6uw2V
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal Monday briefed the Parliamentary
Committee on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor about the CPEC's long term plan agreed between the two countries in a Joint Cooperation Committee (JCC) meeting here last month.
Briefing the committee meeting, chaired by Senator Mushahid Hussain Syed, the minister
said the plan was approved after an 18-month long consultation process and sharing with all the
provinces, said a press release.
The provinces endorsed the plan before it was sent to China and “now it is an official
document of the CPEC,” he added.
Ahsan Iqbal said agriculture, poverty alleviation, tourism, culture and improvement in people's
livelihood had been added in the CPEC profile aimed at ensuring wellbeing of local
communities.
Under the plan, he said agricultural research would be undertaken for producing value-added yields by using modern technology. Since Chinese tourists are increasing in large number, it was
decided to promote tourism projects by establishing resorts along the Makran
coast, which would help encourage people to people exchanges between Pakistan
and China within the framework of culture and education.
In January 2018, a delegation of Pakistan's exporters would go to China to enhance Pakistan's
export potential and this delegation is being facilitated by the Government of
Pakistan.
During the JCC meeting, the Minister apprised
the committee that all the Chief Ministers were present as well as, for the
first time, representatives of Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
He also informed that the groundbreaking
of Gwadar International Airport will be performed in March 2018.
The meeting was informed that contrary
to the speculation in the media, the reports of shelving three infrastructure
projects is not correct, rather, Chinese side was reviewing the financial
mechanism of these projects and these would be started upon receipt of approval
from the Chinese side.
The Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) project has been approved as CPEC project while similar projects for Quetta and Peshawar will be reviewed upon receiving technical feasibility reports of the
project.
The Parliamentary Committee was also briefed by the Ministry of Power regarding the
ongoing Early Harvest energy projects. The Thar coal project would be
operational by June 2019 based on mining of indigenous coal from Thar.
The Port Qasim power project would be completed by February 2018 while the
other projects including the Hubco 1320 MW project and two hydro power projects
in Sukki Kinari (870 MW) and Karot (720 MW) are being completed before their
schedules.
The committee expressed satisfaction with the progress of the Early Harvest Projects as well
as the development of the Gwadar Port.
Committee chairman Senator Mushahid
Hussain welcomed the inclusion of agriculture sector in CPEC, saying the
agriculture was the backbone of the Pakistan's economy. Under the plan, he said
farmers would get the latest technology in collaboration with China and the
agriculture sector would flourish.
He also welcomed the inclusion of tourism
and culture in the CPEC's long term plan, adding that the portfolio has been
broadened to include these key elements of promoting people-to-people
understanding.
Among others, the meeting was attended by Senator Lt Gen. (Retd) Salahuddin
Tirmizi, MNAs Rana Muhammad Afzal, Isphanyar M. Bhandara, Aijaz
Hussain Jakhrani, Asad Umar, Sheikh Salahuddin, Alhaj Shahji Gul Afridi and senior officers of different Ministries and Departments.
NEW YORK (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 4:45 pm |
New guidelines released Wednesday recommend U.S. adults start colon cancer screening earlier, at age 45 instead of 50.
The American Cancer Society's advice puts it out of sync with guidelines from an influential government advisory group, which kept the age at 50 in an update two years ago.
Cancer society officials acknowledge the shift to 45 could cause confusion for doctors and patients, but felt strongly that they needed to act now. The advocacy group was influenced by its study, published last year, that found rising rates of colon cancer and deaths in people younger than 50. Experts aren't sure why there has been a 50 percent increase in cases since 1994.
The guidelines are for men and women ages 45 to 75 of average risk for colon cancer; recommendations are different for people with certain conditions, like Crohn's disease, or a family history of colon cancer. The group endorses six kinds of screening exams, from inexpensive take-home stool tests performed every year to colonoscopies done every 10.
“All of these tests are good tests, and the choice should be offered to patients,” said the cancer society's Dr. Rich Wender. “The best test is the test that gets done.”
The same tests are recommended by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, a panel that reviews evidence and issues advice for a variety of screenings and treatments. It updated its colon cancer guidelines in 2016 and its next review isn't expected until around 2021.
That panel's recommendations drive what screening is covered by insurance under the Affordable Care Act, although 20 states have laws that link coverage to the cancer society guidelines. It's not uncommon for groups to have slightly different guidelines although those for colon cancer have been about the same for decades.
Most colon cancer occurs in adults 55 and older, and the good news is rates of cases and deaths have been falling for decades. Colon cancer, combined with rectal cancer, is the second leading cause of cancer death in the U.S. This year, more than 140,000 Americans are expected to be diagnosed with it, and about 50,000 will die from it.
Doctors will probably look to specialty medical societies to sort out the different guidelines, said Dr. Marcus Plescia of the Association of State and Territorial Health Officials. But it may take a little while before they offer clear advice.
Some experts have worried about pre-50 risks of colon cancer in some racial and ethnic groups, and at least one specialty society for gastroenterologists has urged screening of black adults starting at age 45.
Others argue that instead of lowering the age for routine screening, more effort should be put into getting more people tested. Only about two-thirds of people 50 and older have been following screening guidelines.
“It's hard enough to get people to do it at all,” Plescia noted.
Dr. Andrew Wolf, the lead author of the latest guidelines, said they considered and rejected that reasoning.
“We should be able to do both,” said Wolf, a University of Virginia internist.
A prosperity gospel televangelist from Louisiana says Jesus has asked him to buy a new private jet. And wouldn't you know it, Jesus has real nice taste in planes.
Jesse Duplantis, leader of Jesse Duplantis Ministries and the owner of three other private jets, is asking his followers to chip in so his ministry can purchase a brand new Dassault Falcon 7X, which runs about $54 million.
In a video recently published on his website, Duplantis says the planes get him closer to the Lord — both literally and figuratively — and he had a divine conversation in which Jesus asked for the new aircraft by name.
“It was one of the greatest statements the Lord ever told me, he said, ‘Jesse do you want to come up where I'm at?'” the minister says. “‘I want you to bleed me for a Falcon 7X.'”
By “bleed,” Duplantis — er, Jesus — apparently meant “ask for donations.”
Duplantis goes on to tell his followers that jet, especially nice ones with good fuel efficiency, allow him and his ministries to reach more people around the world. And no, it wouldn't technically be his, it would be the ministry's.
“All it's gonna do is it's going to touch people, it's going to reach people, it's going to change lives one soul at a time,” Duplantis said of the aircraft.
“I really believe that if Jesus was physically on the earth today, he wouldn't be riding a donkey,” he added with a chuckle.
In the video, Duplantis also shows his followers a photo of him standing beside his other three jets: a Cessna Citation 500, an IAI Westwind II, and a Dassault Falcon 50. Under the portrait is a quote, which he proudly reiterates: “It's not about possessions, it's about priorities.”
CNN has reached out to Duplantis for comment.
On its website Dassault boasts that the Falcon 7X combines “fighter jet technology with an elegant, whisper-quiet executive cabin.”
If this all seems a little spendy, you may not be familiar with the concepts behind prosperity theology. According to prosperity gospel preachers and believers, nice things like jets and cars and rent money are God's way of blessing people for a faithful life. And by their logic sharing your wealth with the church will make God bless you even more.
It's maybe no surprise then that big-name prosperity gospel preachers have a thing for jets. To them, such luxury is not at odds with Jesus' teachings of moderation and humility.
And Duplantis is not the only preacher claiming to be having conversations with the Almighty about mid-range business aircraft.
In 2015, megapastor Creflo Dollar faced a backlash after asking his followers for $60 million for a Gulfstream G650.
Earlier this year, prosperity preacher Kenneth Copeland acquired a Gulfstream V jet from director Tyler Perry, paid for by donations from his followers.
Copeland and Duplantis also discussed the necessity of private jets on a 2016 episode of Copeland's show, “Believer's Voice of Victory,” during which Copeland described commercial air travel as being “in a long tube with a bunch of demons.”
“The world is in such shape, we can't get [to followers] without [private jets]. We've got to have them,” Copeland said.
Copeland noted that famed evangelical pastor Oral Roberts flew commercial, but the people on the planes “agitated his spirit” with their requests for prayers.
“You can't manage that today,” he said.
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. -- A former NFL agent has pleaded guilty to violating North Carolina's sports agent law by providing thousands of dollars in improper benefits to three former Tar Heels football players to entice them into signing contracts with him.
Terry Watson entered his plea Monday afternoon in a deal to resolve 3-year-old felony charges. Watson received 30 months of probation and a $5,000 fine, while Judge Graham Shirley issued a suspended jail sentence of six to eight months.
Watson pleaded guilty to the 13 counts of athlete-agent inducement for providing roughly $24,000 in cash and travel accommodations to eventual NFL players Robert Quinn, Marvin Austin and Greg Little. A felony obstruction of justice charge for not providing records sought by authorities was dismissed as part of the deal.
Moscow
Russia's clean-up of its banks is more than half complete, central bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina said on Friday.
Since Nabiullina took the helm in mid-2013, Russia has lost around a half of its banks, with some collapsing and others taken over by the central bank in a bailout. The biggest were Otkritie, B&N and Promsvyazbank (PSB), seized by the central bank last year.
“We have passed through the majority of the clean-up of the banking sector from unqualified players,” Nabiullina told an annual gathering of the country's bankers and the central bank on the outskirts of Moscow.
To bail out just Otkritie, B&N and PSB, the central bank plans to spend around a trillion roubles ($18 billion). Then Otkritie and B&N are to be sold and PSB turned over to the defense sector bank.
Nabiullina said Otkritie and B&N could be merged and their toxic loans moved to a separate “bad bank” yet to be established.
She acknowledged that the state's share in the banking sector — which also includes the country's two top banks Sberbank and VTB — was high, reiterating that the central bank aimed to sell Otkritie and B&N when they were ready.
Under reforms introduced by Nabiullina, since mid-2017 only banks with strong ratings from the two Russian ratings agencies — ACRA and Expert RA — are eligible to gain access to some state funds and instruments.
Other rules were put in place requiring banks to meet additional capital requirements and have balance sheets of a minimum size to access state funds. Nabiullina said these would be phased out to rely solely on the ratings agencies.
“Our rating agencies went through serious checks at the central bank, their methodology was verified,” she said at the meeting.
“We can now rely on the rating agencies. And other criteria, linked to the scale of a bank or its ownership, will be gradually replaced.”
Otkritie, which was seized at the end of August, had seen a large outflow in client funds, partly caused by a low rating by ACRA.
Russia still has more than 500 banks. The Russian central bank has gradually tightened rules, including those governing lending to related parties or the banks' owners, seen as among the causes of bank failures.
On Thursday, Nabiullina said the central bank was discussing with banks a proposal to demand higher provisions for loans used for mergers and acquisitions rather than for regular business operations.—Reuters
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Previous clients at the Celebs Go Dating agency have included Joey Essex, Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear .
And it seems that there are plenty of other showbiz singletons who are having a hard time finding that special someone, as Lady Nadia Essex and her team are returning to our screens with seven familiar faces.
Having had quite the headache in series two with the likes of Bear - who was secretly dating girlfriend Charlotte Crosby at the time - it seems that E4 show runners have done their best to look for celebrities who are sincere in the quest for love (though that doesn't mean there isn't a ladies man or two in the group!).
But just who exactly has signed up to the Celebs Go Dating Agency in the hopes of finding that someone special?
Meet the stars looking for love
(Image: Channel 4)
James 'Arg' Argent
(Image: Channel 4)
He's no stranger to romancing a woman on camera, thanks to his time on The Only Way Is Essex. And following the catastrophic fallout from his last and final stint dating on/off girlfriend and former co-star Lydia Bright it looks like the cheeky crooner is finally ready to make a commitment.
Having spent much of the first half of the year in Thailand at a rehab clinic where he battled his demons and embraced a healthy new lifestyle, James, 29, has returned to the UK looking for love.
Seemingly a reformed character - Arg famously cheated on Lydia a number of times - the Essex boy was a certainty for the E4 show, as he'd already been spotted enjoying a series of dates with a stunning selection of girls hand-picked by Lady Nadia and her team in the past few months.
Frankie Cocozza
(Image: Channel 4)
Not much has been seen of the one-time X Factor bad boy since he was booted off the show in 2011. Fans of the singing contest will remember Frankie for his wild rock 'n' roll antics, as well as his whirlwind fling with Geordie Shore's Hollie Hagan.
He also famously admitted to having the names of some of his conquests tattooed on his behind (what a romantic!).
Having dropped out of the limelight, the Brighton lad, 24, looks to be looking to settle down following a few years of Hell-raising.
Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo
(Image: Channel 4)
She leads a life only many could dream of, breezing around the streets of West London, shopping, and jet-setting whilst 'pardy-ing' with her chums.
But as fans of Made In Chelsea will know Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo doesn't have everything, as so far, she's not managed to find a single Prince Charming among the elite of SW10.
Her latest shot at love was Sam Prince ( a newcomer to the show), but that's already gone up in smoke due to him bedding a succession of women.
Will Lady Nadia be able to find a suitable cad for Toff to impress BFFs Marc Francis and Victoria Baker Harber with?
Bobby Norris
(Image: Channel 4)
Arg's co-star Bobby Norris has also signed up to the agency in the hopes of finding his Mr. Wright.
The 30-year-old reality star has previously dated co-star Harry Derbidge and had a tumultuous unrequited love-affair with Charlie King.
But the ITVBE favourite seems to have made up his mind, and is now looking to the Celebs Go Dating agency to help him find that Mr. Wright to take home to the GC.
Calum Best
(Image: Channel 4)
The son of iconic footballer George Best is no stranger to the fairer sex, having left a succession of beautiful women heartbroken in his time.
Calum, 36, has been linked to the likes of Lindsay Lohan, Bianca Gascoigne , Georgia Salpa, Sarah Harding , Jodie Marsh, and Caprice Bourret in the past. Most recently he was thought to be stepping out with UFC ring girl, Lindsey Pelas.
The tattooed model and personal trainer is no stranger to a dating show either, having starred in the original version of Celebrity Love Island.
Can the Californian ladies man be tamed though?
Charlotte Dawson
(Image: Channel 4)
The daughter of British comic Les Dawson, Charlotte has recently embarked on a career as a model and reality TV starlet.
The 24-year-old Northern beauty has already featured on the likes of Ex on The Beach, where she managed to swerve Stephen Bear and conduct herself in a non-too-shabby manner.
Charlotte looks to be hoping she can find a man to take home to impress her mother.
Sarah-Jane Crawford
(Image: Channel 4)
Originally shooting to fame on Shipwrekced, Sarah-Jane has gone on to carve out quite the career, with the model/actress/singer now presenting her own radio show.
The 34-year-old London stunner has more recently worked on the Xtra Factor, but it looks like the career-driven beauty is ready to open up some time in her schedule for love.
Celebs Go Dating will return to E4 at the end of August for four weeks.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The son of late football icon George Best and a reality TV veteran, Calum Best is returning to Celebrity Big Brother .
As well as coming third in the 2015 series of CBB, he's previously appeared on Celebrity Love Island, Sky 1's The Match and Come Dine with Me.
The model, 35, is as well known for his famous father as he is for his partying and being linked to the likes of Lindsay Lohan.
With his ex-girlfriend Bianca Gascoigne going into the CBB house too, will the former couple reignite their romance in this series?
Calum Best facts at a glance
Age: 35
Date of birth: February 6, 1981
Birthplace: San Jose, California
Claims to fame: Model and George Best's son
Relationship status: Single
*Celebrity Big Brother starts on Channel 5 tomorrow at 9pm
Image: Flickr/Marcel V
Just take a look at this gorgeous Horizon Zero dawn scene, made entirely from Lego.
Look at little Aloy with a watcher! Isn't it adorable?
Image: Flickr/Marcel V
Marcel V creates a bunch of geeky Lego diaoramas - from Lord of the Rings to Harry Potter - but this is his first from the epic title that has taken over the lives of myself and many other open world robot dinosaur female lead fantasy game fans.
"Dedicated to Markus, who inspired me to build something Horizon related," Marcel V says on his Flickr account. " Although I'm not into this kind of games, I always enjoy the outstanding artwork. And Horizon Zero Dawn is just beautiful. Scene is inspired by the Newcastle Tyne Bridge ingame."
Hopefully there's more to come!
Marshawn Lynch sat during the national anthem before his Oakland Raiders played the Arizona Cardinals in NFL preseason action on Saturday.
But whether the running back's silent protest was a direct response to the disturbing White supremacists' terror in Charlottesville or him showing support for Colin Kaepernick's stance currently remains unknown. “I talked to Marshawn to make sure we're on the same page and he said, ‘This is something I've done for 11 years. It's not a form of anything other than me being myself,'” Raiders coach Jack Del Rio told the Arizona Republic. “I said, ‘Just so you understand how I feel — I very strongly believe in standing for the national anthem, but I'm going to respect you as a man, you do your thing, OK, and we'll do ours.' So, it's a nonissue for me.” Here's the shot of Lynch's silent protest of the national anthem over the weekend.
Photos show Marshawn Lynch, who suited up but did not play, sitting on a cooler during the national anthem. https://t.co/nFGgttmCiU — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) August 13, 2017
While Lynch didn't make his exact reason for sitting during the national anthem known, he has sat during the anthem for years, as Del Rio alluded to. But judging from his past remarks, it might be safe to say that Lynch sat during the national anthem this time around more as a show of support for Kaepernick than as a reaction to the Charlottesville events. “I'd rather see him take a knee than stand up, put his hands up and get murdered,” Lynch said during an appearance on Conan O'Brien's show, CONAN, last September. “My take on it is, s**t, it got to start somewhere and if that was the starting point, I just hope people open up their eyes and see that it's really a problem going on and something needs to be done for it to stop. If you really not racist, then you won't see what [Kaepernick is] doing as a threat to America, but just addressing a problem that we have.”
Lynch wasn't the only NFL player to sit during the national anthem as a silent protest this past weekend. Lynch's former Seattle Seahawks teammate, defensive end Michael Bennett, also sat during the anthem before his squad took on the Los Angeles Chargers last night. And he vowed to do so for the entire 2017 season.
Thank you to Michael Bennett (@mosesbread72) of the Seattle Seahawks for taking a seat during the National Anthem.
Will do so all year. pic.twitter.com/PptFOQthrW — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) August 14, 2017
But unlike Lynch, Bennett gave a full explanation as to why he didn't stand for the national anthem. “First of all I want to make sure people understand I love the military — my father was in the military,” Bennett said, as reported by the Seattle Times. “I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American. But I don't love segregation, I don't love riots, I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message and keep finding out how unselfish we can be in society, how we can continuously love one another and understand that people are different. He added: "And just because people are different doesn't mean that you shouldn't like them. Just because they don't eat what you eat, just because they don't pray to the same God you pray to don't mean you should hate them. Whether it is Muslim, whether it is Buddhist, whether it is Christianity, I just want people to understand that no matter what, we need to stay together. It's more about being a human being at this point.” Given the Charlottesville incident and Kaepernick still being jobless, do you think we'll see more NFL players silently protest during the national anthem this season? BET Sports News — Get the latest news and information about African-Americans in sports, including weekly recaps, celebrity news and photos of your favorite Black athletes.
Written by Mark Lelinwalla
The woman, who has not been identified, jumped from the Babcock Trail bridge onto the eastbound lanes of Interstate 494 at about 4 p.m., according to Inver Grove Heights police.
The city's police and fire departments went to the scene but were unsuccessful in saving the woman's life. She was pronounced dead at the scene. The incident temporarily closed eastbound lanes of Interstate 494.
Police are asking anyone with information regarding the incident to contact the Inver Grove Heights Police Department at (651) 450-2525.
Charges: Man drove drunk through bank wall in northwest Minnesota
WINGER, Minn.—A Fertile, Minn., man has been arrested on drunk driving charges after investigators said he drove a car through a bank wall early Friday and caused "heavy damage" to the building.
The Polk County Sheriff's Department responded at 12:42 a.m. to Ultima Bank at 9 Minnesota Ave. in Winger, where a 2006 Chevy Impala was driven into the east side of the building. Deputies determined Trent Kenneth Vesledahl, 20, was driving the vehicle when it hit the building, causing "heavy damage to the wall," according to a news release.
Vesledahl appeared Monday in Polk County District court on two third-degree gross misdemeanor charges of driving while impaired. His next court hearing is Feb. 28.
The crash remains under investigation. Winger is 40 miles southeast of Crookston.
Three men charged in shootout on Interstate 35 in Duluth
DULUTH, Minn.—Gunfire between two moving vehicles on Interstate 35 in Duluth earlier this month was precipitated by a robbery that stemmed from a botched drug deal, according to charges filed Monday.
Three men have been arrested and formally charged in the shooting, which left a 19-year-old man with non-life-threatening injuries after he was struck by a single bullet on Feb. 5.
Police said Brandon Edward Spence, 21, was arrested around noon Monday, the same day the St. Louis County Attorney's Office issued a warrant charging him with second-degree assault and aiding and abetting a drive-by shooting in the Feb. 5 incident.
Two other suspects — Joseph Michael Lamerand, 22, and Nicholas Marvin Lamerand, 21 — were allegedly present in the vehicle and also were charged Monday in connection with the shooting.
Police said Spence fired into the moving vehicle after he was "ripped off" during a planned sale of marijuana in downtown Duluth. The men allegedly gave chase to the other group, resulting in the freeway shooting.
Man dies in snowmobile crash in Minnesota's Clearwater County
BAGLEY, Minn.—A 59-year-old Mahnomen man was killed in a snowmobile crash Sunday in Clearwater County.
The Clearwater County Sheriff's Office received a call at 12:50 p.m. Sunday, Feb. 12, about an accident along McKenzie Lake Road in southern Clearwater County. When deputies arrived, they found Daniel John Stock, 59, of Mahnomen, dead at the scene, according to a release from the sheriff's office.
The accident remains under investigation by the Clearwater County Sheriff's Office. The Bagley Fire Department, the White Earth Police Department, the White Earth Conservation Department, and Bagley Sanford Ambulance all assisted at the scene.
Missing Guard member found dead near Duluth
DULUTH — The body of a Minnesota National Guard member reported missing this past weekend has been found.
Joel Costa, a 32-year-old National Guard member from Fredenburg Township, did not report for duty Saturday morning. He was last seen in Superior, Wis., at about 11:30 p.m. Friday, Feb. 10.
Sgt. Brandon Silgjord of the St. Louis County Sheriff's Office said Costa reportedly had his bags packed for his weekend drill duty but never showed.
The Sheriff's Office reported Sunday night that Costa's body was found along with his vehicle at about 7 p.m. on a rural road north of Duluth.
The cause of death is under investigation and will be determined by the Midwest Medical Examiner's Office. Foul play is not suspected, the Sheriff's Office reported.
CanniMed Therapeutics is seeking regulatory action in both Saskatchewan and Ontario, the company's latest push back against a hostile takeover attempt by Aurora Cannabis.
The Saskatoon-based medical marijuana producer said Monday it has applied to securities regulators in both provinces for several orders, including that Aurora's hostile offer be considered an “insider bid” and be treated as such.
Among other things, CanniMed is asking regulators to cease Aurora's takeover bid until 105 days after a circular that meets the regulatory requirements of an insider bid.
The announcement was made shortly before the Ontario Securities Commission's (OSC) scheduled hearing on a related matter brought to it by Aurora, which asked the OSC to block CanniMed's takeover defence, or shareholders rights plan.
Last month, Aurora launched an all-stock hostile takeover bid for CanniMed, with one of its conditions being that CanniMed abandon its own proposed acquisition of Newstrike Resources Ltd.
German startup N26 just raised a $160 million Series C round led by Tencent and Allianz — some of N26's existing investors are also participating. The company has attracted 850,000 customers and raised $215 million in total. N26 is building a retail bank from scratch.
The company plans to double down on everything it's been doing so far. It means more expansions, more partnerships with other fintech products, more features and more engineers. Allianz is investing through its Allianz X investment arm.
“I think Tencent and Allianz are a great combination or investors,” N26 co-founder and CEO Valentin Stalf told me. “In the last 10 years, Tencent became one of the five most valuable companies in the world — it's a pioneer in mobile payment and also fintech in general.”
Tencent is the company behind WeChat, mobile payment service WeChat Pay, WeBank, TenPay and countless of products.
“On the other hand, when you look at Allianz, it's one of the most traditional finance companies in the world and also from Germany,” he continued. “It is a traditional brand that also believes in the changes of the financial industry.”
The company goes one step further and is also setting some aggressive goals with this funding round. N26 plans to reach more than 5 million customers by 2020. This year alone, N26 plans to process $16 billion (€13 billion) in transaction volume. British competitor Revolut currently processes $1.5 billion per month. It seems like there's enough room for both of them to grow for now.
This funding round really brings N26 to a pre-IPO stage Valentin Stalf
While many companies use funding rounds to share some information about their roadmap, N26 has already announced a few things. N26 plans to roll out its product in the U.K. and the U.S. later this year.
Some products, such as savings, invest, overdraft and insurance are limited to Germany and/or Austria. The company will roll out those features to more markets in the future.
It's also worth noting that N26 is now talking about leveraging artificial intelligence to create a smart banking experience. So you can expect some level of automation in the future if you're fine with a robot managing your money.
I also asked Stalf about plans to expand beyond Europe and the U.S. given Tencent's investment, but it's not on the roadmap for now. “It doesn't necessarily mean anything about our plans to go to Asia,” he said.
There are now 380 people working for N26. The company plans to hire more people, which should speed up product updates. And here are two things you can expect this year. First, N26 is working on shared accounts so that you can use your N26 account with your significant other. Second, you can expect some multi-currency features after the U.K. launch.
“It's a good round to be as independent as possible,” Stalf said. “This funding round really brings N26 to a pre-IPO stage. I think we see a clear path to a very sustainable company with this funding round. Maybe in the next five years there will be an IPO.”
That's one way of saying that N26's valuation is now too high for a quick acquisition. Nevertheless, it's great to see a potential European tech giant growing so quickly and willing to remain an independent company.
Record reporter Laura Booth captures the moment the keg is tapped.
Keg is tapped! #KWOktoberfest pic.twitter.com/Bb8sZ2RJf1
— Laura Booth (@Laura__Booth) October 6, 2017
More to come.
Muhammad Arshad
Islamabad
Secretary Commerce Mohammad Younus Dagha, Friday, said that urged the young officers to work hard as there was no shortcut to success. He further said commerce and trade group is getting more visible by each passing year and with the induction of new officers in the group.
While addressing the passing out ceremony of 24th Specialized Training Programme organized by Pakistan Institute of Trade and Development, Secretary Commerce congratulated the officers on the successful completion of their training.
A considerable number of C & T officers are posted abroad as well as on key positions in MOC and its attached departments. This visibility required enhanced service delivery which should be evident from the professionalism and performance of the officers.
The event marked the successful conclusion of specialized training programme which started in April 2017 i.e. around 10 months back in newly build campus of Pakistan Institute of Trade and Development with the aim to equip the young Commerce and Trade officers with the knowledge & skills necessary to manage international trade and commercial diplomacy.
Firstly, Mr. Mohammad Ilyas Ghauri, Director General PITAD, presented the report of training activities conducted for the course during last one year. In his speech, DG PITAD thanked Ministry of Commerce for its active support in providing the required facilitation. He also enumerated a number of milestones achieved by PITAD i.e.
Foreign Training Course arranged for the probationers in WTI Bern Switzerland, Training of Afghan Commerce Officers, ECO Seminars, and first round table on WTO's information Technology Accession (ITA-I) held in PITAD. The Director General congratulated the graduated officers and wished them for their future endeavours.
NATIONAL
President Moon Jae-in (right) shakes hands with Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, before their meeting at Cheong Wa Dae in Seoul on Monday. (Yonhap)
About a hundred people gather at Chief Kepuha Park in Hagatna, Guam for a rally for peace Monday. (AP-Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in on Monday urged North Korea to cease its provocations and threats, breaking weekslong silence on the skyrocketing tension that has been fanning fears of military conflict and wiping tens of billions of dollars off the stock market here.Concerns have been soaring over the past few weeks that the trade of increasingly bellicose tit-for-tat threats between Pyongyang and Washington may lead to a miscalculation and subsequent armed clash. Over the weekend, tension hit a fresh high after US President Donald Trump tweeted that military solutions were “now fully in place, locked and loaded” to counter any North Korean military action.While criticizing Pyongyang's fiery rhetoric, Moon raised the need for Washington to take a “coolheaded, responsible” approach, emphasizing a peaceful solution to the nuclear stalemate.“I urge North Korea to stop exacerbating the situation and immediately stop provocations and menacing words and behavior,” the liberal president said at a meeting with senior secretaries at Cheong Wa Dae.With the South Korea-US alliance meant to safeguard peace, the allies share the view that the nuclear issues ought to be resolved peacefully, not through military force, even though it requires “painstaking, slow-moving negotiations,” he said.He also called for the Kim Jong-un regime to make a “right choice” of denuclearization and restore inter-Korean exchanges and cooperation.“The government has a firm principle: Our top priority is on national interests, and our national interests lie with peace. There must not be a war on the Korean Peninsula ever again,” Moon said.“I am confident that the US, too, would respond to the current situation in a coolheaded and responsible manner in line with our posture.Moon's remarks appear to be aimed at alleviating fears of a military confrontation at home and abroad, which have been driving a sell-off among global investors and the consequent loss of $67.7 billion in the stock market here, or some 4.4 percent of the total, for just three days from Aug. 8.Opposition parties had been lambasting his silence, accusing him of being too soft on the unruly regime and carrying out an unrealistic North Korea policy focusing lopsidedly on talks with an aloof counterpart.In a fresh warning, Pyongyang's official media on Monday lashed out at the allies for the upcoming Ulchi Freedom Guardian annual military exercise, saying an “unwanted trivial, accidental spark” could lead to a full-blown nuclear war.The president is nonetheless expected to appeal for his two-pronged strategy of pressure and dialogue in his Liberation Day speech Tuesday, with Northeast Asia's stability and prosperity being the overarching theme.At a separate meeting later in the day with Joseph Dunford, visiting chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, Moon reaffirmed his stance. He condemned the North's recent intercontinental ballistic missile tests as an act that “disrupts the regional and international orders” while urging the regime to take Seoul's dialogue offers, Cheong Wa Dae spokesperson Park Soo-hyun told reporters.Dunford, in response, said the US' “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” remains a policy priority and military options would step in only when it fails, underscoring the need for a solution “without a war,” Park noted.The Marine Corps general is the latest top US foreign policy and security official seeking to scale back Trump's rhetoric and play down the possibility for an imminent armed conflict.On Sunday, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis ran an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal, stressing that Washington's top priority remains the ongoing “peaceful pressure campaign,” though it is ready for military action if necessary.“While diplomacy is our preferred means of changing North Korea's course of action, it is backed by military options,” they wrote.They reiterated that the US is “willing to negotiate” with Pyongyang and has “no interest in regime change or accelerated reunification of Korea. They singled out a cessation of provocative threats and weapons tests as a “sincere indication” of its “good faith” for talks, while calling for Beijing to make greater use of its sway over its cash-strapped neighbor.“Our diplomatic approach is shared by many nations supporting our goals, including China, which has dominant economic leverage over Pyongyang. … This affords China an unparalleled opportunity to assert its influence with the regime,” the secretaries said. “The region and world need and expect China to do more.”White House national security adviser H.R. McMaster and Central Intelligence Agency Director Mike Pompeo also gave assurances that the US and North Korea were not inching closer to a clash, while supporting Trump's remarks.“We're not closer to war than a week ago but we are closer to war than we were a decade ago,” McMaster said Sunday on ABC's “This Week.”Though the US military is “always locked and loaded,” the administration is currently taking “all possible actions short of military action” to tackle the North Koran threats, including “a very determined diplomatic effort,” the general said.Asked about the rising tension on Fox News Sunday, Pompeo also said “there's nothing imminent today,” but in case of a North Korean military action, the US would “treat” as Trump has warned.“I've heard folks talking about that we're being on the cusp of a nuclear war, I've seen no intelligence that would indicate that we're in that place today,” Pompeo said.“We are hopeful that the leader of that country will understand them in precisely the way they are intended, to permit him a place to get where we can get the nuclear weapons off the peninsula. It's that straightforward,” he added, referring to Kim.By Shin Hyon-hee ( heeshin@heraldcorp.com
Katy Perry is backing a fundraiser for a young boy with a degenerative disease.
The 'Firework' hitmaker's heart was "touched" by the plight of six-year-old Carter, who is suffering from progressive brain disorder Sanfilippo Syndrome, which is often referred to as Childhood Alzheimer's and will see him eventually lose the ability to walk, talk or swallow, as well as have seizures and suffer dementia, and urged her fans to donate to a fundraising campaign for a clinical trial.
She posted on Twitter: " My [heart] was touched by Carter's story. If you're able pls help w/ his chance to defeat Childhood Alzheimer's. He's SO close to funding his clinical trial & I would love to see my KatyCats kick it over the goal & make that difference! I'm donating now too! https://www.gofundme.com/savingcarter (sic)"
A donation for $1,000 is listed on the page in Katy's birth name, Kathryn Hudson.
The youngster's parents, Jen and Samir, are aiming to raise $1 million in a month in order to fund the trial and, at the time of writing, they have received donations totalling over $983,000.
On the GoFundMe page, Carter's mom wrote: I'm Jen, Carter's Mom. My son is dying. There's no other way to say it. My beautiful, perfect little boy...is dying. As I lay him down to sleep each night, my tears overflow, and a deep aching is in my heart at the reality of losing my child. There is only ONE THING that can change his fate, and we are asking for your help. We are asking you to help save Carter. ..
"At age 6, Carter is starting to show the signs of the disease. Right now he can still talk, some. He can still run and play with his big sister Sophia. For now, he's hanging on, but just barely. This campaign for his LIFE is as urgent as it gets. It's Now or Never for Carter.
"Our #1 goal is to raise $1 milllion dollars in 1 month, to give Carter his rightful chance at LIFE. We can't just sit back and accept that he's going to fade away and die, not when there is something tangible that could save him. The $1M will go to fund a clinical trial that can give him that chance.
"The love for a child is like no other.
""If you are a parent, you know you would 'go to the ends of their earth for your little ones.' We are asking you... will you please go there with us now, for Carter?(sic)"
Longmeadow Public Schools hosted a special "Day with Brynn Cartelli" on Wednesday in celebration of the high school freshman's success as the Season 14 winner of "The Voice."
Glenbrook, Williams, Center, Wolf Swamp and Blueberry schools each welcomed Cartelli, 15, to a surprise, school-wide assembly where she was greeted.
According to the public school's Facebook page, she was "greeted by adoring and exuberant students/fans."
"After the spirited cheers subsided, Brynn thanked the students for their support, answered several questions from wide-eyed students and performed two familiar songs."
The 15-year-old is the youngest winner in the history of the popular NBC singing competition. She is already at work on her debut album, which will likely be recorded this summer.
The Longmeadow School Committee and Longmeadow Select Board have presented Cartelli with a special citation in recognition of her outstanding achievement.
A man has been charged with the attempted murder of a woman in Newbury.
Keith Davies, aged 50, was arrested and charged following an incident on Friday, May 25.
Thames Valley Police said that the incident saw a woman in her 40s assaulted by a man who broke into a property in Newbury at around 4am on the 25th.
Mr Davies, of no fixed abode, was arrested on the 25th and charged with attempted murder on Monday, May 28.
He appeared at Reading Magistrates' Court yesterday (Tuesday) and was remanded in custody to appear at Reading Crown Court on July 2.
Deal (Mostly) Struck Over Brexit Terms After Months Of Negotiations
Enlarge this image toggle caption Virginia Mayo/AP Virginia Mayo/AP
Negotiators from the U.K. and the EU says they have reached a provisional agreement on how Britain will withdraw from the EU.
The agreement allows for a nearly two-year transition period, ending on Dec. 31, 2020. The U.K. is set to leave the EU in March 2019 and that transition period is designed to ease the shift.
But major questions are still up in the air after months of negotiations, most prominently how to handle the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, which is part of the U.K. The draft agreement is set to be considered by EU leaders later this week.
At a press conference, EU negotiator Michel Barnier hailed this draft legal text as a "decisive step, because we were able this morning to agree, and after all those days and nights of hard work, or what will make up an international agreement for the orderly withdrawal of the United Kingdom."
Essentially, as Reuters put it, today's deal means that "Britain will remain as effectively a non-voting EU member" during that time.
Markets rallied after the announcement, The Financial Times reported, "with sterling climbing above $1.40 against the dollar to reach its highest level in three weeks."
If approved, it would prevent a "cliff-edge exit," a scenario in which the U.K. does not reach firm agreement with the EU on the terms before its exit.
U.K.'s Brexit Minister David Davis said that this would allow businesses to plan. "Businesses need not delay investment decisions, or rush through contingency plans based on guesses about the future deal," Davis said. "Instead they now have certainty about the terms that will apply immediately after our withdrawal."
The deal would allow the U.K. to make trade deals that would enter into force after the transition period ends, Davis said. During the transition period, agreements dating from the U.K.'s EU membership would continue to apply.
In terms of diplomacy and defense, Davis also stated that this agreement sets the stage for an "ambitious partnership" that "goes beyond the relationship the European Union has with any other third country."
And the fate of EU citizens in the U.K. has been clarified in this draft. "British citizens and European citizens of the 27 who arrive during the transition period will receive the same rights and guarantees as those who arrived before the day of Brexit," Barnier told reporters, according to The Guardian.
That's a shift from what British Prime Minister Theresa had previously insisted on, the newspaper adds: that EU citizens "arriving during the transition period would be treated differently to those already in the U.K."
The 129-page draft agreement is mostly composed of text highlighted in green, indicating that the negotiators have agreed. A section on Ireland and Northern Ireland is primarily yellow or white, showing that it is still under discussion.
But according to the agreement, the negotiators agreed to what has been termed a "backstop" solution for the border.
That emergency backstop, according to the Financial Times, would "keep Northern Ireland in key parts of the single market and the EU's customs union" unless another solution is found.
Last month, as NPR's Lauren Frayer reported, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said that no British Prime Minister could ever accept that policy which would "undermine the U.K. common market and threaten constitution integrity of the U.K. by creating a customs and regulatory border down the Irish Sea."
Davis stressed today that there is "yet no agreement on the right operational approach." He added that he hopes "to achieve a partnership that is so close as to not require specific measures in relation to Northern Ireland."
With regard to fishing, the agreement also provides "specific safeguards when it comes to annual fishing negotiations," Davis said.
Fisheries had been hoping for more leverage prior to the end of the transition period. According to the Guardian, leader of the Scottish Conservatives Ruth Davidson said, "That we now have to wait until 2020 to assume full control is an undoubted disappointment. Having spoken to fishing leaders today, I know they are deeply frustrated with this outcome."
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): The government has decided to appoint Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry as Ambassador of Pakistan to the United States of America, Foreign Office announced here Wednesday.
He will join his new assignment in Washington, D.C. next month.
Ambassador Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry is a career Foreign Service Officer with over 36 years of bilateral and multilateral experience in the field of diplomacy. Presently, he is serving as Foreign Secretary of Pakistan since December 2013. Earlier, he has served as the spokesperson of the foreign ministry.
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, he has served as Additional Foreign Secretary for the UN and Disarmament Affairs, and Director General for relations with South Asian countries, in which capacity he has remained closely associated with the peace process with India.
Overseas, he has served as Ambassador of Pakistan to the Netherlands, where he engaged in active public diplomacy in cooperation with Pakistani community to win friends for Pakistan.
He also authored a book ‘Pakistan Mirrored to Dutch Eyes' published by Sangemeel Publications.
In his other overseas assignments, Aizaz Ahmad has served as Deputy Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations in New York, Chef de Cabinet to the Secretary General of ECO in Tehran, and Pakistan embassies in Washington, Doha and Cairo.
He was born on February 27, 1958, holds Masters Degree in International Relations from Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Medford, Massachusetts, and a First Class First Bachelor of Science Degree from Punjab University, Lahore.
He is married and has three children.
For most people, Coachella is a chance to go all out with their hair, makeup, or outfits. For Wiz Khalifa, it's a chance to live lavishly in a $10 million dollar mansion, care of Airbnb . The rapper and his family spent the weekend living like true music royalty in a 7,000-square-foot, seven-bedroom midcentury estate. Khalifa, who took the stage in a surprise performance at the music festival over the weekend, used the house as a place to relax and recharge with his son, Sebastian. The family also used the backyard for an Easter egg hunt, which Khalifa shared many pictures of on his Instagram .
The home was built in 1950 and designed by famed architect William Pereira, who is known for his iconic concept of the Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco. The property is located only a few miles from the downtown area of the Palm Desert and is otherwise known as the "Firestone Estate." It sits on 1.3 acres of land and offers panoramic views of the neighboring mountain range.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
The house's open interior features a generous floor plan with spacious rooms and high wood-beamed ceilings throughout. There are two living rooms: one with a 75-inch TV and another with a large stone fireplace as its centerpiece. There is also a third living space in the newly renovated guesthouse, which has four bedrooms and mimics the design of the original house.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
The newly renovated kitchen has generous counter space, a peninsula, and top-of-the-line appliances.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
There is also as an adjacent breakfast area that looks out on the mountains to the south of the property.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
To gear up for his performance with Tove Lo, Khalifa was able to rest and recharge in the home's enormous master suite that is "fit for a king," according to Airbnb. The suite features a king-size bed, a sitting area with a 55-inch TV, an enormous en suite bath with a large soaking tub, a workout area with aerobic equipment, a large separate shower, and direct access to the pool deck.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
The outdoor living space is just as luxurious as the indoor spaces, with an outdoor kitchen, barbecue area, custom granite corner fire feature, sunken night-lit tennis court, and a large resort-style pool deck, swimming pool, and spa.
Pinterest Courtesy of AirBnb
If there's any way to beat the heat in the Coachella Valley, it looks like Wiz has definitely figured it out.
LOS ANGELES—As part of the crew digging a subway extension under the streets of Los Angeles, Ashley Leger always keeps her safety gear close by. When her phone buzzes, she quickly dons a neon vest, hard hat and goggles before climbing deep down into a massive construction site beneath a boulevard east of downtown. Earth-movers are diverted, and Leger gets on her hands and knees and gently brushes the dirt from a spot pointed out by a member of her team. Her heart beats faster because there's a chance she'll uncover what she calls “the big find.” Leger is a paleontologist who digs for fossils in the middle of a city rather than an open plain or desert. She works for a company contracted by Los Angeles transportation officials to keep paleontologists on hand as workers extend a subway line to the city's west side. “They're making sure that they're recovering every single fossil that could possibly show up,” Leger says of her team of monitors. “They call me anytime things are large and we need to lead an excavation.”
Article Continued Below
Since work on the extension began in 2014, fossilized remains have routinely turned up from creatures that roamed the grasslands and forests that covered the region during the last Ice Age, about 10,000 years ago.
Paleontologist Ashley Leger shows the skull of a young Columbian mammoth found at the construction site of the Metro Purple Line extension in Los Angeles on Aug. 15. ( Jae C. Hong / The Associated Press ) The Los Angeles subway system is expanding and so too are the number of prehistoric fossils being recovered as crews dig beneath the city. ( Jae C. Hong / The Associated Press )
They include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse. But the discovery that still makes Leger shake her head in disbelief came about a year ago, shortly after construction began on the project's second phase. She was at home getting ready for bed when a call came in from one of her monitors.
“It looks big,” he told her. The next morning, Leger knelt at the site and recognized what appeared to be a partial elephant skull. It turned out to be much more. After 15 hours of painstaking excavation, the team uncovered an intact skull of a juvenile mammoth. “It's an absolute dream come true for me,” said Leger, who spent the previous decade at a South Dakota mammoth site with no discoveries even close to the size of the one in Los Angeles. “It's the one fossil you always want to find in your career.” California's stringent environmental laws require scientists to be on hand at certain construction sites.
Since work on one extension began in 2014, workers have routinely turned up fossilized remains of creatures that roamed the region during the last Ice Age. ( Jae C. Hong/The Associated Press )
Paleontologists have staffed all L.A. subway digs beginning in the 1990s, when work started on the city's inaugural line, said Dave Sotero, spokesperson for the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Paying for the paleontologist staff from Cogstone Resource Management is factored into the project's cost, he said. When scientists are brought in to see what crews might have unearthed, work on the project continues, albeit in a different location. “Our crews try to be as mindful as possible to help them do their jobs. We get out of their way,” Sotero said, adding that when the mammoth skull was uncovered, construction workers helped deliver it to the mouth of the site. From there, the skull was hauled a kilometre or so to Los Angeles' La Brea Tar Pits and Museum, home to one of America's most fossil-rich sites. Assistant curator Dr. Emily Lindsey called it a “pretty remarkable find,” noting that while thousands of dire wolf and saber-toothed cat remains have been uncovered in L.A., there have been only about 30 mammoths.
Fossil remains found include a partial rabbit jaw, mastodon tooth, camel foreleg, bison vertebrae, and a tooth and ankle bone from a horse. ( Jae C. Hong/The Associated Press )
Two climbers had to be rescued from Mount Charles Stewart near Harvie Heights Tuesday after triggering a sizeable avalanche.
One climber suffered serious injuries and the other experienced a minor leg injury.
At approximately 12:45 p.m., one of the climbers walked along a slope on a sub-summit of the mountain and reported hearing a large “whumpf” indicating that a weaker layer in the snowpack had just collapsed, which often precedes an avalanche.
The climber began to fall but was able to self-arrest with his ice axe and the avalanche continued down without him involved. He suffered just the minor injury.
The second climber above him attempted to descend to assist his partner, but he slipped and tumbled 100 metres down a slope and suffered quite a few traumatic injuries, according to Kananaskis Country Public Safety.
The public avalanche bulletin for Kananaskis was at considerable hazard levels on Tuesday, but Jeremy Mackenzie, public safety specialist with KCPS, said the climbers were on an area which was being heated by the sun, which makes avalanches more triggerable.
“We suspect strongly that that's what happened today,” said Mackenzie. “That area where they were been facing the sun and it was quite warm and you had that intense solar radiation.”
The victim who had the minor injury used a cell phone to call for a rescue. KCPS conservation officers and public safety specialists responded and heli-slung the two climbers out of the area with assistance from an alpine helicopter. Canmore EMS transported the victims to the hospital.
Mackenzie said the climbers were not carrying avalanche rescue gear and they failed to recognize that they were on a “solar” slope that was more triggerable.
“Even though the avalanche only caused one minor injury, it led to the incident,” he said. “If they're going to be climbing in that type of terrain, the thing is that you would want to have happened is a very cold overnight so that you get a freeze of the snowpack, and then a very early start so that you're up and down off the mountain before the sun gets the chance to weaken the snowpack.”
Mackenzie also said it is unlikely that the climbers knew that they were on deep, weak snowpack.
Mackenzie recommended that the public be very cautious while travelling in or under avalanche terrain and check bulletins daily as conditions change regularly.
“We have a very complex snowpack that's still producing natural avalanches daily, and people are being advised to have a very cautious route selection, and that's going to change everyday,” he said. “They need to keep in touch with the conditions and what's going on.”
DKatz@postmedia.com
I promised myself I'd pack less in 2017.
I'm pretty terrible about overpacking, especially when it comes to work trips. But that's because I like to travel with all the comforts of home, like my favorite blanket, a travel kettle, a yoga mat, and a giant bag of instant coffee.
Of course, I equip myself with the proper devices to get the job done, too. CES is not a major smartphone show, so I get to have a little more fun with what I pack for the journey.
Here's what I'll be bringing with me to Las Vegas this year.
The bag: Timbuk2 Classic Messenger
I love this bag so much. I've had it for about five years and it's been with me all over the world. This well-loved Timbuk2 Classic Messenger can fit all sorts of things I'd need out on the road, including a few smartphones, a battery pack, all the cords and adapters I need, an extra shirt, a small makeup bag, and the case for my Snapchat Spectacles. Also, not only does this bag have a lifetime warranty, but you can customize the Classic Messenger in a variety of colors, patterns, and materials. I love having a one-of-a-kind piece of kit.
See at Timbuk2
Also inside: Timbuk2 Snoop Camera Insert
Andrew Martonik and I clearly shop from the same place. I don't carry as much gear as he does — just a humble Canon SL1 and a 40mm pancake lens — but I like this little insert because it has ample padding for extra gear. I can usually stuff two other phones on one side and the Gear 360 on the other.
See at Amazon
And finally: Snapchat Spectacles
I'm going to be pummeling the Android Central Snapchat and Instagram accounts with content I record with my Snapchat Spectacles. These things are ridiculous and I paid way too much for them on Ebay, but at least now I have a story to tell — that I was a sucker for Spectacles.
The Spectacles are exactly the type of thing you'd wear to CES because it's the type of trade show where you don't have time to fumble around looking for the smartphone in your bag. Instead, you can simply press a button to start recording up to 30 seconds of video. There's even a nice LED indicator on the outside to let people around you know what you're up to.
Also, they block the sun.
See at Ebay
The phone: Pixel XL
I like wielding a big phone. It means I always have a large enough screen to read, tap notes, and respond to emails and Slacks and Hangouts and text messages and — you get the gist. I also love the Pixel XL for its looks — CES is a dog and pony show after all, and I'm merely showing off a powerful little "get 'er done" tool. Mine is really blue and I think it looks pretty neat paired with this cheapo phone case I purchased from the depths of AliExpress.
The 12-megapixel camera on the Pixel XL also makes it a reliable point-and-snap device. It produces fabulous low light shots and backs them up immediately to Google Photos, and with Assistant built into the software I can easily conjure up the power of Google as I'm walking to my next meeting.
See at Google Store
The other phone: Samsung Galaxy S7 edge
Before the Pixel arrived, the Galaxy S7 edge was my smartphone of choice. It boasts a 12-megapixel camera with impressive low-light performance, enduring battery life, and water resistance. Granted, there isn't much water in Las Vegas, but I like knowing this fancy little phone can go into the water with me if I need it to.
This is the phone I'll be using to make social content on the CES show floor, so anything you see at Android Central's social accounts will be recorded with the S7 edge's camera hardware.
See at Amazon
The makeup bag
Yes, I carry a makeup bag with me when I'm on the job. My little Sephora freebie bag typically carries some blush, a little concealer, and a lipstick to keep my face fresh throughout the day. But I also carry bandages, hand sanitizer, hair ties, and anything else that a pal or colleague might need while we're out on the show floor.
If you need something, come find me. I probably have it.
Also inside: Bite Beauty Agave Lip Mask
People, this stuff is amazing. I wear it all day and all night and it keeps my lips moisturized through even the harshest weather. Dudes can wear this, too, if they buy it in the plain version. It's the kind of lip moisturizer that won't add sheen either, so you don't have to worry about sporting glossy lips.
See at Sephora
The in-room amenity: Humidifier
My Californian constitution is weak. This giant humidifier is typically my go-to when I've got a cold, but I make room for it in my suitcase so that I'm not waking up in pain during the week of CES. I have a smaller one that I'll typically travel with on other trips, but I bring this gigantic one with me anytime I'm going to Vegas.
See at Amazon
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Mercedes-Benz has a busy 2017 Shanghai auto show ahead of it.
The automaker has confirmed the debuts of its updated S-Class as well as a concept previewing a new A-Class sedan.
Photos of the updated S-Class have already surfaced. They reveal only minor visual tweaks for the flagship sedan, which makes sense as Mercedes is more focused on mechanical changes for the update.
2018 Mercedes-Benz S-Class will automatically brake for bends and intersections Enlarge Photo
Confirmed updates include more advanced matrix LED headlights; new, more efficient powertrains; new comfort features; and new electronic driver assist features. The latter will include a feature enabling the car to automatically adjust its speed for a number of road situations. Mercedes lists bends, highway exits, junctions, roundabouts and toll booths as examples.
All Mercedes is willing to say about its concept for the Shanghai auto show is that the vehicle will be called the Concept A sedan and preview the automaker's next generation of compact cars, specifically a new A-Class sedan.
We've already been given a taste of what to expect as the concept was previewed with the Aesthetics A sculpture unveiled during a design workshop held in January. The concept will feature a more conventional notchback design to differentiate it from the CLA fastback. Mercedes describes the design as combining “harmoniously balanced” proportions and “sensuous” surfaces.
Mercedes-Benz Aesthetics A, 2017 Design Essentials workshop Enlarge Photo
Mercedes' next generation of compact cars will ride on an updated version of the MFA front-wheel-drive platform found in the current cars. The platform will come in two lengths, with the A-Class sedan likely to utilize the longer version.
The first of Mercedes' next-generation compacts will be a new A-Class hatch, prototypes for which have already been spotted. The car is due for a reveal late this year or early next.
The Shanghai auto show opens its doors on Wednesday, April 19, so stay tuned for the full details. To learn about some of the other vehicles set to appear, head to our dedicated hub.
Islamabad
The Hydrocarbon Development Institute of Pakistan (HDIP) will execute two projects worth Rs 270 million for upgradation of its testing labs in different cities during next fiscal year to ensure provision of quality petroleum products to consumers. “An amount of Rs 220 million has been allocated for strengthening and up-gradation of Karachi Laboratories Complex (KLC) under the Public Sector Development Programme 2018-19, while Rs 50 million to upgrade HDIP's POL testing facilities at Islamabad, Lahore, Multan, Peshawar, Quetta and ISO Certification of Petroleum Testing Laboratory at Islamabad,” official sources told APP. The sources said the KLC would be transformed into a state-of-the-art base by equipping it with a complete range of POL products' testing facilities at par with international standard for maintaining supply of quality fuel. The project, they said, would help increase the capacity of KLC to test samples of imported POL products from ships, inspection and collection of samples from all oil marketing companies' terminals and depots, refineries, lube oil blending plants, lube oil reclamation plants, grease and transformer oil plants.—APP
MARION, N.C.— Mudslides triggered by the soggy remnants of Alberto forced evacuations below a dam early Wednesday and closed a highway in western North Carolina as the centre of the storm lashed the nation's midsection hundreds of miles away. The heavy rains had stopped, at least for the time being in North Carolina, but Gov. Roy Cooper said several other dams could be in danger as rivers continued to rise. He sent a special team of state inspectors to check on at least four of them.
A truck passes an area on I-40 where traffic lanes were blocked in Old Fort, N.C., Wednesday, May 30, 2018 after heavy rains from the fringes of Subtropical Storm Alberto caused a mudslide Tuesday evening. ( Chuck Burton / AP )
The inspections came after about 2,000 people were evacuated for several hours after emergency managers said the Lake Tahoma dam was in danger of “imminent failure” early Wednesday. Heavy rain triggered landslides at the dam and along Interstate 40, which was closed near Asheville. Engineers inspected the dam further in daylight and McDowell County officials announced in a public alert just after 10 a.m. Wednesday the dam was safe and people could return to their homes. Cooper declared a state of emergency in western North Carolina as forecasted heavy storms for much of the rest of the week could quickly bring the flooding and mudslides back.
Article Continued Below
“This storm isn't yet over. I'm urging people to keep a close eye on forecasts and flood watches, and asking drivers to use caution especially when travelling in our western counties,” Cooper said in a statement. Some areas of the North Carolina mountains have received up to 20 inches (51 centimetres) of rain in the past 15 days. A town in northern Georgia was also dealing with flooding. Up to 7 inches (18 centimetres) of rain caused flooding to creeks and rivers in the city of Helen, Georgia, around 10 a.m. Wednesday, the National Weather Service said. Atlanta station WAGA-TV reported that several roads near the downtown area were shut down because of the rising water, which is about knee high. No injuries or structural damage have been reported. The centre of a depression that had been Alberto was about 400 miles (640 kilometres) west near Hopkinsville, Kentucky, where Sherry Key had a fitful night of sleep because of high winds and heavy rains.
“I have dogs and they're terribly afraid of storms, so they were on top me all night,” said Key, an airport office manager. Radar showed rain extended as far south as the Gulf Coast, where the storm came ashore at the Florida Panhandle on Monday, to the Great Lakes region.
Article Continued Below
Forecasters warned the leftovers of the Atlantic hurricane season's first named storm were still capable of causing treacherous flooding as heavy precipitation spreads deeper into the nation's midsection. Flash flood watches and warnings were in effect for parts of several states from Alabama through Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, the Carolinas and Virginia and West Virginia. In the mountains of western North Carolina, McDowell County Emergency Management deputy director Adrienne Jones said about 200 residents spent the night in three shelters, set up in Marion, Old Fort and Glenwood. She said five minor injuries have been reported during water rescues as creeks and streams overflowed their banks and rock slides closed roads. Five vehicles were caught in mud on Interstate 40 Tuesday night, but no one was hurt. The main east-west route through North Carolina was closed for several hours, Gov. Cooper said. Two Department of Transportation workers also survived a close call when their dump truck was swept away by a mudslide in McDowell County while trying to clean debris from an earlier slide. The men were able to climb from the overturned truck and stand on its side in the Catawba River until they were rescued, the governor said. Authorities in Cuba say Alberto left four people dead there as the storm drenched the island in heavy rain. Interior Minister Julio Cesar Gandarilla said late Tuesday they died as a result of “recklessness” during the storm. He gave no details. The deaths occurred as authorities worked to contain an oil spill in central Cuba's Cienfuegos Bay that followed the flooding of nearby oil refinery. The big, messy storm caused more than 25,000 power outages in Alabama, many of which were caused by trees rooted in soggy soil falling across utility lines. “We've had a lot of rain, but we got lucky. It was a constant rain but not a heavy rain,” said Regina Myers, emergency management director in Walker County northwest of Birmingham. Alberto was more of a rainstorm than a wind threat, but the National Weather Service said at least one tornado had been confirmed. The weather service said its meteorologists confirmed a weak tornado with maximum winds of 85 mph (147 kph) hit an area around Cameron, South Carolina, on Monday afternoon. No one was hurt.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico — Toronto FC was 4,000 kilometres away Monday when a rented van plowed into pedestrians with deadly results.
But coach Greg Vanney says the horrific attack was deeply felt by his team in Mexico as it prepared for Wednesday's return leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final with CD Guadalajara, known as Chivas.
"I think our group, probably as much or more than any group I've ever been around, really genuinely loves where they are and loves Toronto and all it has to offer and its people," said the former U.S. international. "There isn't anybody on our team that isn't super-happy and excited being in Toronto. And everyone feels safe."
Captain Michael Bradley called Toronto "one of the best cities in the world."
"We're going to step on the field (Wednesday night) and play in a way where everybody back home in Toronto is proud," said the U.S. national team skipper.
Vanney also hopes the MLS champions can give something back to the city when it looks to erase a 2-1 deficit from the first leg. Because of Chivas' away goals, a 1-0 win won't be enough for Toronto. TFC will need to win and score at least two goals on the night. A 2-1 victory, however, would send the game to extra time and possibly penalties.
"We've got to be smart," said Vanney. "We can't just give away goals. But at the same time we know it's incumbent upon us to go score at least two."
TFC has a large contingent in Guadalajara, having sent 11 starters to Mexico late last week. All but two or three of the reserve squad Toronto fielded in a 5-1 loss in Houston on Saturday continued on to Mexico.
The team had 20 players in training Monday, allowing Vanney to essentially field two full squads in training.
Fullback Justin Morrow and defender Chris Mavinga flew in Tuesday afternoon. Morrow has been ruled out through injury. While Mavinga will undergo a fitness test, he is considered unlikely to take part in the game.
'Personal Grievance' Prompts Oregon Man To Tell Airports Relatives Are Terrorists
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images Gareth Fuller/PA Images via Getty Images
Tensions can run high around family weddings, but an Oregon man took his resentment to new heights when he made two phone calls to airports falsely claiming his father and brother were terrorists, according his own admission in a plea deal.
Sonny Donnie Smith's calls resulted in the temporary detainment and questioning of his father and brother and a missed flight. The reason? Smith was told he was not welcome at the family wedding the Smiths were traveling to, according to the plea agreement filed on Thursday.
The 38-year-old from Clackamas, Ore., made the calls on Sept. 3, 2016, to McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Smith waived indictment by a federal grand jury to plead guilty to the charge of anonymous telecommunications harassment.
The calls prompted the FBI to get involved before investigators realized it was nothing more than a hoax.
"Today's technology makes some believe they can anonymously create chaos to resolve personal grievances," said Renn Cannon, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oregon, in a statement. He added that the phony calls forced the bureau to expend limited resources "potentially delaying response to other serious incidents and real victims."
Billy J. Williams, Oregon's U.S. attorney, said in a statement, "False reports intended to harass others waste law enforcement time and resources and will be prosecuted accordingly."
Smith is facing a maximum prison term of two years, a $250,000 fine and a year of supervised release. He is awaiting sentencing on May 10.
City Times Staff
Jim “The Oz” Oliva (left) takes a break to chat after a busy day of registering teams for Trivia 48.
This year's theme — The Royalty of Contests — is an homage to Prince, B.B. King, Carol King, Gladys Knight and others in the entertainment industry with royal-sounding names, both living and dead.
Registration kicked off Monday afternoon at WWSP 90FM, the university's radio station located at 1101 Reserve Street.
Billed as the World's Largest Trivia Contest, the 54-hour contest begins Friday at 6 PM.
Registration is $30 per team, and is open daily from 3 PM to 7 PM through Thursday, then from noon to 6 PM Friday.
The Trivia parade, an unofficial kickoff to the weekend's contest, will kick off Friday at 4 PM.
For the parade route and more information on Trivia, go to www.90fmtrivia.org or find the event on Facebook.
Dr Muhammad Khan
Sequel to War of Indian Independence-1857, the Muslim population of India was alienated by Colonial British rulers and the Hindu majority. This deep sense of alienation, discrimination and humiliation compelled the Muslims to think for their separate identity and ultimately a homeland of their own. The Urdu-Hindi controversy-1867 was the first major event, which forced Muslim leaders like Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, a great advocate of Hindu-Muslim unity to take a different stance. Hindus of Banaras demanded replacement of Urdu with Hindi and its Persian script with that of Devnagri script. Despite his efforts for reconciliation with Hindu leadership, Sir Syed Ahmed Khan had to say, “When even the language of a nation is not safe at the hands of other nations in a region, it would be unwise to continue living with them.”
In the later years, Muslims felt estrangement and a continuous discrimination even at the platform of ‘Indian National Congress' established to take care of political rights of native Indians. Hindu leadership totally dominated this so-called liberal platform and used it for their political and socio-economic gains. Establishment of All India Muslim League-1906, the fourteen points of Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah-1929 and Allahabad Address of Allama Dr Muhammad Iqbal-1930, gave further impetus for the establishment of a separate Muslim identity and a separate homeland for the Muslim of India.
Pakistan Resolution (Lahore resolution-1940) was a decisive milestone, which paved the way for a Muslim homeland and in later years, Pakistan became the destination of Indian Muslims, living all over subcontinent. Seven years from Lahore Resolution, on August 14, 1947, Pakistan became a reality. This indeed was the consequence of hectic efforts of our forefathers and painful history of Muslim discrimination.
Today, after 70 years of independence, Pakistan is facing a number of challenges. These challenges being faced by the state and society of Pakistan are even more crucial, uncertain, hostile and dangerous then our forefathers faced during Pakistan movement. Today, the anti-Pakistan nexus are more in numbers and lethal in cause and effect. They have both covert and overt presence inside and outside Pakistan. These challenges are both internal and external having intimate connections and linkages with enemies of Pakistan. The elements of extremism, radicalization and terrorism are only their tangible forms. The old rivals of Pakistan are now regrouping in a number of new forms and formats.
The strategies, these forces are adopting are very treacherous, aiming to destroy the very basis of the state and society of Pakistan. These forces want to defeat and destroy the social filament and the ideology of Pakistani nation. The social structure and ideological bondage of Pakistani society is being shattered through the promotion of ethnicity, sectarianism and radicalization. The past two decades have witness these tendencies in a more recurrent and rambling way. These factors have damaged the traditional coherence and harmony, the Pakistani society had for centuries.
Whereas, the rival forces could solely and gradually proliferate into the roots of the peaceful Pakistani society to create a fissure and exploit those subsequently, the political leadership, the religious scholars and intellectual/ academic classes were found wanting in playing their desired role of maintaining the harmony and coherence in the society. They also could not develop a counter narrative against the quite visible strategies of the anti-state forces. The Pakistani free media could neither conceive nor pursue a role it should have played for the promotion of national integration and social cohesiveness. Rather, at time, it becomes part of those narratives, which ultimately harmed the national integration, deliberately or otherwise.
Radicalization of the society by a selected class of the people while making use of Islam is a bigger conspiracy against the ideological basis of Pakistan. The foreign sponsored militants; TTP and many other militant groups are misusing Islam for promoting the objective of forces behind them. They get un-ending funds and weapons and equipment for misleading the youth of Pakistan, through a misconstrued form of Islam. This strategy has created extremism and terrorism in Pakistan, which has physically and ideologically damaged the state and society of Pakistan.
The military actions; like ‘Operations Zarb-i-Azb' and ‘Operation Radd-ul-Fasaad' though destroyed the organized basis of militancy, however, the splinter groups still find their way to cause bomb blasts/suicide attacks. The most recent being the Quetta attack on a military vehicle, killing 15 people including eight men of Pak Army. In Upper Dir area, four Army personnel including a major were killed through a suicide bombing. The security forces, especially Pak Army deserve a special appreciation for these achievements. Since Pak Army and other security forces have played their part, there is a need that, political forces, the religio-political groups, the religious scholars, the academia and Pakistani society must play their role in the consolidation of the gains, armed forces have attained.
As a way forward, there is a need to develop the counter narratives to what the enemies of Pakistan have been betraying the innocent masses for the past two decades now. Whereas, a selected political, intellectual and social class of Pakistan should formulate these narratives, the media should play a role in the promotion and exploitation of these narratives for defeating the enemy's objective. Besides, let us strengthen the national integration and social cohesion among the Pakistani masses and transform the society to its basic norms of peace, harmony and political stability for an economically prosperous and strategically secure Pakistan.
— The writer, Professor of Politics and International Relations, is based in Islamabad.
Email: [email protected]
Related
"Mad Money" host Jim Cramer has changed his tune on Snap almost 2 months after comparing the company to the early days of Facebook.
Cramer identifies the app's unpopular redesign as the main culprit and says the stock is too expensive at the moment.
He says he would consider buying in the future.
Watch Snap trade in real time here.
Jim Cramer is turning his back on Snap.
The "Mad Money" host, who sometimes has enough influence to move stocks, likened the company to an early Facebook after the company's fourth-quarter earnings report showed revenue surged 72% versus a year ago.
"Sure, I was a skeptic, but after this quarter, I'm now a believer," Cramer said on "Mad Money" following the report. "In many ways, Snap reminds me of where Facebook was years ago when the company finally figured out how to address its mobile problem. So even though the stock skyrocketed up an astounding 47 percent today, it's got a lot of run room and it is a natural to be bought."
But Cramer's opinion appears to have changed in the wake of the Snapchat's redesign. He now worries that advertisers will abandon the Snapchat app if user engagement declines as a response to the redesign and negative celebrity tweets.
The December app redesign spurred controversy by splitting up media and celebrity stories from the user's personal contacts. In late February, celebrity user Kylie Jenner tweeted her own opinions on the change and said she no longer uses the app as a result of the update which led to a 7% decline in shares.
Other celebrities have since voiced their displeasure with the redesign.
After spiking more than 40% following its fourth-quarter results, Snap shares gave back all of those gains as the redesign continued to receive bad reviews. But Cramer says shares are still too expensive.
"The stock is not cheap here," Cramer said on "Mad Money" last Tuesday. "I say take a pass — for now — at least until we know whether the Snapchat redesign will actually hurt them. I think it's a little bit too risky."
He added, "At a certain price, it is time to hit the buy button."
Snap is scheduled to report its first-quarter results on May 1. Wall Street is expecting an adjusted loss of $0.17 a share on revenue of $243.85 million.
Snap shares are up 7.15% this year.
Ben Amos is refusing to rule Charlton Athletic out of the automatic promotion chase despite their stuttering League One form.
The Addicks are six points behind second-placed Shrewsbury Town and Saturday's 1-0 defeat to Portsmouth means they have taken one point from a possible nine.
When asked if the top two was still a target, Amos replied: “Yeah, definitely. If we are in the top six by Christmas there is still a lot of football to be played.
“There is nothing to worry about. We know we have got to hit a good run of form but it is up to use to rise to the challenge.
“We had a lot of the ball against Portsmouth but just couldn't create clearcut chances. They defended well, to be fair to them. We probably didn't ask enough questions of them and maybe played to their strengths with big balls into the box – their two centre-backs are very good in the air.
“We maybe need to be a bit cleverer if we come up against that in the future. It is not quite clicking at the moment, for whatever reason. But I think it will do.”
The match was the anniversary game marking 25 years back at The Valley.
“We knew what the occasion meant to the fans,” said Amos. “We watched a video on the return to the Valley. Unfortunately we couldn't bring three points.”
Saturday's opponents Blackburn Rovers are unbeaten in nine league matches – including five straight wins. They have not lost at Ewood Park in over two months
“It's going to be tough,” said Amos. “If we can get back to being resilient again, keeping clean sheets – at least it gives us a platform to go and score some goals.
“Sometimes it just doesn't go your way. Maybe at the beginning of the season we won a few games we didn't deserve to and ground them out.
“We need to do the basics right and be more aggressive that the opposition – get a little more nasty.
“Sometimes you have got to win ugly when you're not playing well. At the moment we are not playing well but I'm sure it will change.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The iPad Air 2 launched all the way back in October 2014, which is enough to make us wonder whether there's going to be an iPad Air 3 at all, especially now Apple seems more focused on its newer iPad Pro range.
But there's still room for an Air 3 in the tablet arena. The Pro range in both name and price is clearly aimed at the upper end of the market, while Apple could position the iPad Air 3 as a more affordable option.
And there is also some evidence that that's exactly what Apple has planned, with talk in some circles of a new, but not quite cutting-edge, 9.7-inch iPad on the way.
We've collected all the news and rumors about the slate that's likely to be the iPad Air 3, so if you're looking for an upgrade to your aging iPad you've come to the right place.
Cut to the chase
What is it? An overdue entry in Apple's iPad Air range
An overdue entry in Apple's iPad Air range When is it out? Possibly early 2017
Possibly early 2017 What will it cost? Likely around $499/£399/AU$699
Hottest leaks:
An early 2017 launch
The iPad Air 3, if it launches at all, will probably land alongside the iPad Pro 2, which means we could see it in the next few months.
With the iPad Pro 9.7 launching in March 2016 a refresh is likely around March of this year, though we might have slightly longer to wait.
Chip problems are reportedly causing delays to the iPad Pro 2, and respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reckons the next wave of iPads will arrive sometime between April and June.
Failing that, we might see the iPad Air 3 in September or October, as the iPad Air 2 was launched in October 2014 and the tail end of the year used to be when Apple traditionally unveiled its tablets.
TechRadar's take: Most rumors point to new iPads in the first half of the year, and if there's going to be an iPad Air 3 at all in 2017 that's when we'd expect to see it.
iPad Air 3 design
There's a good chance the iPad Air 3 will look a lot like the iPad Air 2 (which itself looks a lot like the iPad Pro 9.7). We're not expecting big changes to the design for any of Apple's 2017 tablets, but with the Air 3 likely positioned as a relatively budget option, any refinements could be limited to the pricier iPad Pro 2 models.
As such our best guess is a metal build, with quite possibly the same weight and dimensions as the iPad Air 2. That would put it at 240 x 169.5 x 6.1mm and 437g, which Apple stuck with for the iPad Pro 9.7 as well.
If anything, the Air 3 might get even slimmer and lighter, to help justify its name, but so far there's little evidence of that.
We've also seen a possible image of the slate, leaked to Apple Insider by a source working on the Chinese supply line.
It's not clear which if any of Apple's upcoming iPads this is, since from what little we can see it looks identical to current models, further suggesting that not much will be changing visually, but it has a new model number.
Other possible changes include the removal of the headphone port or the addition of water- and dust-resistance, as we've seen on the iPhone 7.
iPad Air 3 screen
Apple's Air range has always had 9.7-inch displays, and we have no reason to think that will change for the iPad Air 3 – though of course other sizes do exist in the iPad Mini and Pro ranges.
There have also been some rumors of a new 9.7-inch iPad, which is likely to be the iPad Air 3.
We also fully expect the resolution to remain the same, at 1536 x 2048, as Apple has stuck with that resolution on its 9.7-inch tablets since the iPad 3.
There may be some improvements to the screen, such as True Tone, which adjusts the color temperature of the screen to suit the lighting and debuted on the iPad Pro 9.7, or 3D Touch, which makes the display pressure-sensitive and is found on recent iPhones.
Then again these features may remain exclusive to higher-end Apple devices, in order to help differentiate them.
There have been rumors that an upcoming iPad will get rid of the home button and instead build the fingerprint scanner into the screen, but as that sounds like a huge change we're not convinced it will happen, and if it does it's very likely to be reserved for the iPad Pro 2.
TechRadar's take: A 9.7-inch 1536 x 2048 screen is likely. There will probably be some small improvements over the iPad Air 2's display, but any big changes may be saved for the iPad Pro 2.
iPad Air 3 camera and battery
There aren't yet any camera rumors, so all we can do is look at what's gone before. The iPad Air 2 has an 8MP rear camera and a 1.2MP front-facing one, so one possibility is that the iPad Air 3 will stick with that combination.
But Apple is likely to want to upgrade it, especially as so much time has passed since the last model, so perhaps we'll see a 12MP rear snapper and a 5MP front-facing one in line with the iPad Pro 9.7.
Of course, the company may also want to mark the iPad Air 3 out as lower end than the iPad Pro 2, so features that we haven't yet seen on any iPad, like perhaps a dual-lens snapper, will likely be reserved for the next Pro model.
With the form factor probably not changing much the battery size may well not either, meaning we could get an iPad Air 2-matching 7340mAh juice pack. Though with other components now potentially smaller than at the launch of the previous Air there's a chance Apple will be able to squeeze a slightly larger battery in.
iPad Air 3 OS and power
Hottest leaks:
A modified A9 chip
According to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo the iPad Air 3 will use a modified version of the A9 chip from the iPhone 6S, which would make for an upgrade on the A8X-powered iPad Air 2, but would likely be weaker than the A9X chip in the iPad Pro 9.7, let alone whatever the iPad Pro 2 launches with.
For now we can only guess at other specs, but with both the iPad Air 2 and iPad Pro 9.7 using 2GB of RAM it seems likely that the iPad Air 3 will be limited to that as well – with any boosts reserved for the iPad Pro 2.
On the software side, it's bound to run whatever the latest version of iOS is at the time, which should be iOS 10 if it launches in the first half of 2016.
TechRadar's take: A modified A9 chipset is believable, since the iPad Air 3 looks set to be positioned as a more affordable option than the Pro range.
iPad Air 3 other features
We're not expecting many new features from the iPad Air 3. Pro features like extra speakers and the Smart Connector are likely to remain exclusive to the Pro range – which means you can probably also count out any sort of official keyboard or stylus accessory.
But existing features such as the fingerprint scanner are likely to return, and there's a good chance Apple will re-work the home button to make it pressure sensitive in line with the iPhone 7.
iPad Air 3 price
The iPad Air 3 is sure to undercut the Pro range, and there are rumors to back that up. So it will likely sell for either what the iPad Air 2 currently retails for – specifically $399/£379/AU$569, or for what the Air 2 originally launched at ($499/£399/AU$699). In either case that would likely be for a 32GB Wi-Fi only model.
A report has given corporate Australia poor marks when it comes to language skills, cultural awareness, and understanding of how to do business in Asia.
Ninety per cent of Australia's top 200 countries are clueless when it comes to understanding how to do business in Asia.
A report by think tank Asialink reveals most corporate Australia lack a sophisticated knowledge of Asian markets along with trusted relationships, language skills and cultural awareness.
"Just as we wouldn't send our top athletes onto the field without ample training, we shouldn't expect business leaders to kick winning goals in Asia until they are match fit," Asialink Business CEO Mukund Narayanamurti said.
Out of a possible total of 30, the average Asia capability score of ASX 200 boards was only 6.42.
Non-listed companies proved more agile in Asia, often outperforming their ASX colleagues, especially at the senior executive level.
The report found large public companies are out-performing smaller ones.
Energy and resources and financial services sectors are getting better marks but manufacturing, healthcare and pharmaceuticals groups are the least match-fit for Asia.
Senior female executives in the top ASX 200 companies, however, were four times more likely than male counterparts to have Asia literacy in their skill set.
PwC Asia practice leader Andrew Parker said corporate Australia needed to lift its game.
"If the last 25 years have been about shipping our commodities to Asia, the coming decades will be a story of services and consumption fuelled by a rapidly expanding Asian middle-class," he said.
"If we aspire to be more than casual observers, Australian businesses will need to be where the consumers are - and that is increasingly in Asia."
Institute of Managers and Leaders chief executive David Pich said a shift in long term growth over short term returns was well overdue.
"Asia offers businesses the chance to achieve double-digit growth but these returns are characteristically seen in the medium to long term," he said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amber Davies ' mum has explained why she's not fussed if her daughter has sex on Love Island – and revealed what she thinks of Amber's current beau Kem Cetinay .
The 20-year-old dance from Denbigh, North Wales, is currently coupled up with Essex hairdresser Kem, 21, and the pair got hot ‘n' heavy under the sheets in a recent episode.
Amber and Kem's fumble in the dark came while they shared a bedroom with the other islanders, as the private hideaway was being used for the same reason by Jess Shears and Dom Lever.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
Speaking to our colleagues at Daily Post , Amber's mum Susan Davies, a psychiatric nurse, claimed having sex is "human and normal" and she didn't think Amber and Kem's scene was particularly explicit.
“She's an adult. I didn't have to watch it. Nothing was shown, it was left to the imagination. It did go on but you didn't see anything.
“I just shut my eyes, grinned and waited for the moment to finish.
“Obviously it's not something you want to watch your daughter doing but at the end of the day it's what the show is about.
“It's human, it's normal. I know we don't want it all over national TV but it wasn't explicit.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
For the first time since Amber started the series, her dad Hefin had already gone to bed so didn't witness the scenes.
“I was downstairs watching it and my husband had gone to bed so I'm not sure how he feels about it yet,” Susan said.
Assessing Kem, she said: “I think they're lovely together and I think he's really grown on Amber.
“I do think that he's full of fun and humorous and she loves that. He'll make her happy.
“I really do think she's fallen for him.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
(Photo: ITV Picture Desk)
Susan plans to wind up the pair if they rock up at the family's home.
“If she brings him home, we will be sure to bring up the scene at the dinner table,” she said.
“I've just seen the clip where he's there full of fun shouting ‘Ive done it! I've done it!' and I was just sat there with a grin on my face.
“It's a good job I'm not prudish really.”
Love Island's third series is currently in the second week of a seven-week run.
* Love Island airs 9pm nightly on ITV2
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Charles Manson was cremated and his ashes scattered following a brief, private funeral four months after the death of the man who gained worldwide infamy for the 1969 Los Angeles killings of actress Sharon Tate and others that he hoped would spark a race war.
The memorial occurred Saturday at a funeral home in the California city of Porterville, according to Mark Pitcher, pastor of the Church of the Nazarene.
Pitcher, who presided, told The Associated Press on Monday that about 20 to 25 people attended, among them Manson's grandson, Jason Freeman, and Freeman's wife, Audrey.
TMZ.com first reported the funeral at the Porterville Funeral & Cremation Center and its story included a photo of Manson in an open casket.
Pitcher said he agreed to the funeral home's request to conduct services after he was told Freeman and his wife are Christians and that Freeman wanted his grandfather to have “a proper burial” despite his notoriety.
The pastor declined to reveal who else attended, but said some were friends of Manson, the ersatz hippie leader who inspired, with drugs and charisma, a rag-tag band of young followers to murder Tate and six others during two bloody nights in August 1969 that terrified Los Angeles.
The Porterville Recorder newspaper reported the attendees included Manson follower Sandra Good who, although she was not implicated in the 1969 killings, served 10 years in prison for sending hundreds of threatening letters to corporate executives. Also there, the newspaper said, was Afton Elaine Burton, a woman Manson took out a license to marry in 2014 when he was 80 and she was 26. The couple never wed.
The Manson Family, as the cult leader's followers were called, slaughtered five of its victims on Aug. 9, 1969, at Tate's home. They included the actress who was 8 ½-months-pregnant, coffee heiress Abigail Folger, celebrity hairdresser Jay Sebring, Polish movie director Voityck Frykowski and Steven Parent, a friend of the estate's caretaker.
The next night, a wealthy grocer and his wife, Leno and Rosemary LaBianca, were stabbed to death in their home across town.
Prosecutors said Manson ordered the killings to launch a race war he believed was prophesized by “Helter Skelter,” a Beatles song about a popular British playground slide.
During the service Pitcher said he quoted from Scripture both meaningful to him and Freeman, and although he said he discussed Manson's past only briefly, he added he did not shy away from relating what he had done.
“There were many choices thrust upon him that brought about very challenging circumstances through his early years,” he said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew his father. “But he also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years.”
Pitcher said he exhorted Freeman and his family to see Saturday's funeral as an opportunity to establish “a new beginning” of making good choices.
Freeman, whose own father killed himself under the burden of being Manson's son, has said he only learned of his connection to the mass killer a few years ago.
After Manson's death in November at age 83, Freeman fought a months-long legal battle to gain the right to his remains.
Freeman, who couldn't be located for comment Monday, has said he wanted his grandfather cremated and his remains scattered to finally put to rest “this so-called monster, this historical figure that shouldn't have been blown up as big as it was for all these years.”
The funeral home's owner, Les Peters, told the Recorder that after the service, which he described as having a hippie vibe, the guests gathered to watch the cremation, then went outside to sing songs by Manson, the Beach Boys and Guns ‘N Roses.
Peters said Manson's ashes were handed over to Freeman who said he planned to spread them “free in the air” somewhere.
Unless you've been living under a rock lately, there's a good chance you've heard a thing or two about MoviePass. Although the company was a founded way back in 2011, it's picked up a lot of steam over the past year or so with its too-good-to-be-true offer of allowing you to see one movie per day for just $9.95/month. MoviePass has become one of the most disruptive companies of recent memory, and whether you're looking for the latest controversies or want to learn more about the service before you sign up, you've come to the right place. Without further ado, this is everything you need to know about MoviePass! The latest MoviePass news June 22, 2018 — MoviePass Peak Pricing, Bring-A-Guest, and Premium Showings Get ready, folks. There's a lot changing with MoviePass, so let's dive right into the big highlights: Bring-A-Guest: If you're going to the movies with a friend or family member that doesn't have MoviePass, you can purchase their ticket from the MoviePass app. You'll still pay the full ticket price, but it should make the ticket-buying process a bit more seamless. You can pick a seat for you and your guest if you're going to a theater that supports e-ticketing and reserved seating, and if your friend signs up for MoviePass without 24 hours of your showtime, you'll get a full refund for the ticket price.
Peak Pricing: For showtimes where "the combination of demand for a title, date or part of day is higher", you'll need to pay a "small additional fee" for your ticket. You can avoid the added cost by seeing a different movie or seeing that same title on a different day, and MoviePass will give you a Peak Pass once a month that waives the fee for you. If you're billed annually or quarterly, you won't be subject to Peak Pricing until your subscription resets.
Premium Showings: No matter what plan you're on, you'll have the option of seeing RealD 3D, 2D IMAX, 3D, and other Premium Large Format movies by paying an upgrade fee. MoviePass says these features will be rolling out to members "in the coming weeks." June 11, 2018 — A family plan is coming! Since MoviePass's inception, one of the features users have been asking for the most is a family plan. We've been waiting and waiting for something along these lines to be announced, and on June 11, Helios and Matheson Analytics CEO (MoviePass's parent company) Ted Farnsworth confirmed that a family plan is, in fact, in the works. With MoviePass's family plan, you'll be able to book tickets for you and your family members/significant other all in one app/transaction. There won't be any sort of discount for the family plan, but the added convenience of not having to bother with multiple apps and subscriptions will be a welcome treat. Farnsworth said that they "might do something down the road to get more of a discount for the family plan", but it's unclear if/when that'll happen.
April 27, 2018 — You can no longer see the same movie more than once Well, I suppose we all knew this day would come sooner or later. On April 27, MoviePass updated its Terms of Service so that it reads as follows: We recently updated our Terms of Service to reflect that MoviePass subscribers are only permitted to see a select movie in theaters once with your MoviePass. We hope this will encourage you to see new movies and enjoy something different! In other words, you only get to watch Infinity War once with your MoviePass. ¯_(ツ)_/¯ All the important details There are two plans to choose from Right now, you've got two options to choose from if you want to get MoviePass — MoviePass and MoviePass Unlimited. The former of those two is a limited time offer and allows you to see three movies per month + comes with an extended three-month trial of iHeartRadio All-Access. While it's nice that MoviePass has this available if you want to save a couple bucks each month, I'd recommend going all the way with MoviePass Unlimited. For $9.95/month, you can watch one new movie per day in theaters every single day. Both plans are billed monthly and can be canceled at any time. See at MoviePass E-ticketing makes everything easier
MoviePass is regularly partnering with more and more theater chains to support e-ticketing, and if you happen to live near one that offers this, you're in for a real treat. For theaters that don't support e-ticketing, using MoviePass requires you to be within 100 yards of the theater you're going to, check-in to the showtime on your phone, and then swipe your card to get your ticket. If the showing happens to sell out by the time you get to the theater, you can either choose another movie or call it a night. However, if there's a theater near you that does support e-ticketing, the process is way simpler. Once you find the showtime you want to go to, a "Get E-Ticket" button will pop up instead of the "Check In" one. E-tickets can't be canceled once you buy them, but they do have the added benefit of allowing you buy them wherever you are. Also, if you're theater supports e-ticketing and reserved seating, you can even choose your seat right from the MoviePass app! Once you get to the theater, just type in the redemption code for your e-ticket or scan the QR code. Right now, e-ticketing with MoviePass works at Goodrich Quality Theaters, Studio Movie Grill, and MJR Theaters. Only 2D movies are supported, at least for now
As it currently stands, you can only use your MoviePass to watch regular 2D movies. In the near future, however, that will soon be changing. In the coming weeks, MoviePass will allow you to pay an upgrade fee to see RealD 3D, IMAX 2D, 3D, and other Premium Large Format movies. It's unclear right now how much those upgrade fees will cost, but you can absolutely expect them to be considerably less than the full ticket price. You can't rewatch movies
As good of a deal as MoiePass is, it's not without a few limits here and there — the first of which is the fact that you can't rewatch movies. MoviePass experimented with letting people rewatch the same movie over and over again for a few months but eventually decided to revoke the right to prevent ticket-scalping and other misuses of the service. It would certainly be nice to have the option of seeing a movie again that you particularly like, but don't expect this to come back anytime soon. You can still benefit from your theater's loyalty program
If your theater has a loyalty program that rewards you with points for buying tickets and concessions, you can link it up to your MoviePass account and still get rewarded for the tickets you "buy" with your MoviePass subscription. As it currently stands, you can link loyalty programs from Goodrich Quality Theaters, D Place Entertainment, and Starlight Cinemas. It's an admittedly small list right now, but it's one that should only grow more and more as time goes on. What's the deal with "Peak Pricing"? MoviePass is always trying to find ways of adapting its business model as more and more people join, and one of those latest efforts is seen with Peak Pricing. On June 22, MoviePass said the following:
Under this plan, if the combination of demand for a title, date or part of day is higher, subscribers may be asked to pay a small additional fee depending on the level of demand. You can avoid this peak surcharge by choosing an alternative date or film.
It's unclear right now how much that "small additional fee" will be, but MoviePass also notes that it'll give all subscribers one Peak Pass per month that'll waive the fee for one movie. If you're currently subscribed to an annual or quarterly plan, you won't have to deal with Peak Pricing until your plan ends and renews. Be mindful of the device authorization limit
At the Microsoft Ignite Conference in September, Microsoft let it be known it was going to be a player in the future of quantum computing, and today the company took another step toward that goal when it released a preview of its quantum computing development kit.
The kit includes all of the pieces a developer needs to get started including a Q# language and compiler, a Q# library, a local quantum computing simulator, a quantum trace simulator and a Visual Studio extension.
This is a preview, so it's aimed at early adopters who want to understand what it takes to develop programs for quantum computers, which operate very differently from classical ones. Put in simple terms, with a classical computer, a bit can only exist in a binary state of on or off, whereas with quantum programs a qubit (the quantum equivalent of a bit) can exist in multiple states at the same time. This could open the door to programs that simply couldn't have existed before.
This is but one piece in Microsoft's big vision for quantum computing that it discussed at Ignite. Microsoft's Krysta Svore told TechCrunch's Frederic Lardinois in September that the idea was to offer a comprehensive full-stack solution for controlling the quantum computer and writing applications for it.
“We like to talk about co-development,” she said. “We are developing those [the hardware and software stack] together so that you're really feeding back information between the software and the hardware as we learn, and this means that we can really develop a very optimized solution, ” she told Lardinois.
Microsoft clearly wants a piece of the quantum computing action, but they are hardly alone. IBM has had a quantum computing service available for programmers since last year, and last month it had a breakthrough with the release of a 20 qubit quantum computer. The company also announced a 50 qubit prototype.
Other companies working on quantum computing research include Google and Intel and a host of other established companies and startups.
We are still in very early days with this technology and it has a long way to go, but the potential is so great that all of these companies, including Microsoft, want to get in as early as possible to capture developer hearts and minds. Today's release is part of that.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Staff Reporter
On the eve of new year 2017, at least 20 people were injured in jubilant aerial firing in different parts of the city on midnight of Saturday and Sunday. According to police source, they were injured when citizens celebrated the New Year with aerial firing in the midnight.
The injured were identified Farooq, aged 28, resident of Bangali Para within the jurisdiction of Docks police station, Akhtar Ali, 28, resident of Kachhi Para in Jackson area, Umair, 29, resident of Mujahidabad in Orangi, Asad,35, and Sharyar, 25, residents of Kharadar, Raheel,14, Inayat, 40, resident of Garden, Syed Mustafa, 70, resident of Soldier Bazar, Waqas, 25, resident of Ferozabad, Hussain, 20, resident of Madina Colony Baldia Town, Amar Gul, 41, resident of Dhobi Ghat near Mianwali Colony, Zahid, 25, resident of Shah Faisal Colony, Afshan, 30, resident of Jacob Lines, Aftab, 7, resident of Liaquatabad No 2, Muhammad Mushtaq, 80, resident of Bilal Masjid in Landhi, Pir Sattar Shah, 40, resident of area near Hassan Zai Hotel, Safeer, 30, resident of Abidabad in Baldia Town,
The injured were rushed to different hospitals in the city for treatment.
In an article titled “Why We Hurt the Ones We Can't See,” Dr. Kenneth Worthy writes, “Imagine this scenario: You have to get a random person to commit an act of violence. How would you arrange things to make him follow through even though he knows he's going to be hurting someone or destroying something—and doesn't necessarily want to do so?
“First, make it a physically simple task, like pushing a button. And put him in an enclosed room far from the person or animal he'll be hurting or the forest he'll be burning down and tell him as little as possible about the target of his violence.
“Show him/her that many other people will be pressing buttons just like his. If possible, make this destructive act just one in a long series that starts with smaller ones.
“The final step would be for someone to pose as an authority figure, perhaps wearing a white lab coat or business suit, and tell the button pusher something like “You have to follow through. If you don't, the whole system will fail.”
Those of us who studied social studies remember Professor Stanley Milgram's studies of obedience done at Yale in the 1960s, which is what Worthy is referencing. The professor was trying to understand why soldiers in the German death camps would kill innocent people.
Milgram's experiment involved three people, one of whom was a volunteer— the “teacher.” The second person was the “learner,” who although pretending to be a volunteer was actually an actor,and the “experimenter” was the person in charge.
KITCHENER — Singer and recording artist Bud Roach is always looking for the new, the unexplored, the where the heck did that come from sort of musical score.
It seems he found it with 17th-century composer Alessandro Scarlatti's comic opera "Folly in Love" and in all the excitement, the Hamilton-based Roach invited along a few friends to perform and record the music in three concerts, starting Friday in Kitchener.
"People are hungry to hear something for the first time and it's so artistically satisfying," said Roach, an artist who has made a name for himself recording rare works under the Musica Omnia label.
After Nota Bene Baroque Players in Kitchener asked Roach to find little known music from an old composer for a collaborative work, he decided to rifle through the archives at McMaster University's music collection, a treasure trove for musicians.
Related Content Charming arias and a cute story
"I just saw it in McMaster archives, there were lots of composers around (during that period) and we should know more about them," he said. "People don't seem to do that, they don't put the work and energy into bringing this music to life."
The Italian-born Scarlatti was only 18 in 1679 when he wrote this story of love and mistaken identity. The opera came to the attention of the Pope who had banned having women on stage as well as any church's employment of theatre musicians. He went so far as to have the musicians and Scarlatti arrested but an arts patron, the Swedish Queen Christina, came to his defence, informing the Pope he needed to back off.
The titillating backstory, the good music, kept the opera in the public eye and it toured Italy for decades.
Roach's group, Capella Intima as well as his pal Margaret Gay and her Gallery Players of Niagara along with Nota Bene are coproducers for the show so it will be one big happy family of musicians who happen to specialize in early music played on period instruments.
The soloists include soprano Sheila Dietrich, mezzo Vicki St. Pierre, baritone David Roth and Roach singing tenor as well as directing.
"It's Scarlatti's first opera and it's never been recorded," said Julie Baumgartel, violinist and a creative director with Nota Bene. "Bud wanted to pick something that has never been recorded before."
The Inspector-General of Police, IGP Ibrahim Idris, on Monday ordered an immediate withdrawal of police officers attached to some political office holders and very important personalities, VIPs, in the country, citing the security challenges facing Nigeria as reason.
The IGP had stated that the Nigeria Police Force, has perfected plans to withdraw its mobile personnel attached to important personalities in the country back to the barracks. During an interactive session with a group of civil society organisations under the auspices of, “The Situation Room'' in Abuja last June, Idris had stated that the measure was intended to bring the police closer to Nigerians.
The police boss, who announced the latest development during a conference with senior officers in Abuja, stated that the directive also affected private businessmen, multi-national companies and other corporate organizations who are enjoying special police protection.
He explained that a task force has consequently been constituted at the Force headquarters under the command of ACP Mohammed Dankwara to ensure compliance to the directive while state commissioners of police are to replicate same at their commands.
Announcing his plans to withdraw the policemen on private guard duty, the IGP said, “In view of the current security challenges in the country, it has become expedient for the Nigeria Police Force to streamline the deployment of its personnel attached to political and public office holders, aimed at enhancing effective and efficient policing of the country.
“To this effect, a memo will be forwarded to the President for approval which will serve as a guideline or template for deployment to VIPs, political and public office holders in the country. Accordingly, a directive for withdrawal of all police officers deployed to VIPs, political and public office holders with immediate effect, is hereby given.”
The police boss however explained that businessmen, corporate organisations and individuals who required special police protection and “are found worthy,” would be considered by the Special Protection Unit of the force on application for re-validation through the state Commissioners of Police where they are resident.
“By so doing, I am charging the Commissioners of Police with the responsibility of supervising such official deployment and thereby holding them accountable,” the police chief informed his audience consisting of senior police officers.
Idris bemoaned the abuse of police Supernumerary number plates and the illegal use of siren and covering of vehicle number plates by motorists and warned the culprits to desist.
He directed the holders of the police SPY number plates to return them to the Force Transport Officer and apply for re-validation.
The IGP also asked the Commissioners of Police in the states to enforce the directive and arrest violators, adding that the list of task force teams that would ensure compliance to the order should be sent to the Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Operations, by March 31, 2018
Modern PCs and laptops are designed to be ultra energy efficient. This means that by default Windows 10 will activate a screensaver after a few minutes of inactivity, then power down your display.
This is a potential bother for users running critical apps. For instance, halfway through the latest video game you may not want to go through the rigmarole of wriggling the mouse and pressing keys at random to wake up your device.
Caffeine comes to the rescue by simulating a 'key up' event every minute. Once activated, Windows will act as though you are sitting in front of the keyboard even when you are away.
In this guide, you'll discover how to download and install this tiny utility as well as how to view and change your power settings.
1. Install Microsoft Visual Studio
Caffeine is written using Microsoft Visual Studio, so in order to use it you must first install Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable Package (x86) .
To do this, open your web browser and navigate tohttps://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=10015.
Click the 'Download' button then choose 'Run' to begin installation. Click 'Yes' to allow the installer to make changes. Once the Setup Wizard launches click 'Next' to continue.
Check the box to agree to the terms and conditions then click 'Install'. Click 'Finish' once the installation is complete. Restart your PC before continuing.
2. Download and install Caffeine
Open your web browser and navigate to the Caffeine download page. Scroll up and click the link marked 'caffeine.zip' to begin the download.
If you are using Microsoft Edge click 'Save' to copy Caffeine to your 'Downloads' folder. Next, click 'Open Folder' and find the file named 'caffeine.zip'. Left click once on the file to select it, then choose 'Extract' from the Explorer options at the top of the window. Select 'Extract All' then click 'Extract' to confirm.
Double-click the newly extracted file 'caffeine.exe' to launch Caffeine. The Caffeine icon will appear at the bottom-right of your screen.
3. Caffeine basics
Caffeine is designed to be simple to use. Double-click the Caffeine icon at the bottom-right of the screen to activate/deactivate. If active, the coffee pot icon will appear to be full.
Right-click on the Caffeine icon for further configuration options. Keeping your computer screen on indefinitely can reduce performance and potentially damage your hardware.
Caffeine can be configured to stop working after a certain amount of time, after which your 'Power & Sleep settings' will return to their default values. To do this, hover your mouse over 'Active For' and choose from 1, 2, 4, 8 or 24 hours respectively.
You can also program Caffeine to kick in after an allotted amount of time. This can be useful if, for instance, you want to keep your screensaver settings but don't want your hard disk to power down. To get started, hover your mouse over 'Inactive for' and select the time period you need e.g. 4 hours.
4. Command Line options
If you want to extend Caffeine a little further, there are several useful command line options.
To make use of these, first select the search bar from the windows menu at the bottom left of the screen and type 'cmd'.
Next, click 'Command Prompt'. Use the cd command to navigate to the location of caffeine.exe e.g:
cd Downloads
Handy command line arguments include:
-startoff
This launches caffeine in inactive mode.
-allowss
This allows a screensaver but prevents your PC from entering sleep mode.
-exitafter:X
Where 'X' is, put a number of minutes you want caffeine to exit after. For a full list of command line options, right-click the Caffeine icon and choose 'About'.
5. Configure Windows Power and Sleep settings
If you've configured Caffeine to activate or deactivate after a certain amount of time, you may wish to review your PC's power settings.
By default Windows 10 uses a balanced approach to energy saving to make sure you get the very best performance. This means that the screensaver will activate after ten minutes of inactivity. Your display goes to sleep after 30 minutes of non use.
To review and change these settings, select the search bar in the windows menu at the bottom left of the screen, type 'power' and choose 'Power & Sleep settings'. If you are using a portable device such as a laptop, you can configure separate settings for when your device is running on battery power.
UEFA Champions League 2016/17: Paris Saint-Germain 4-0 Barcelona, Player ratings
Barça were hammered by PSG left, right and centre as they crumbled to a 0-4 defeat.
@Khushnood2 by Khushnood_Qadir Analysis 15 Feb 2017, 09:06 IST
PSG players celebrating their win against Barça
Barcelona's trip to Paris Saint-Germain for the first leg of the UEFA Champions League round of 16-game ended up in a disaster when they were comprehensively outplayed and beaten by the Parisians.
It was birthday boy Angel di Maria, who opened the scoring for the French side with a sublime freekick. And then rounded off his special day with another beautiful goal into Ter Stegen's top corner to put his side 3-0 up.
In between these two goals, it was Julian Draxler who applied an emphatic finish to a quick PSG counter after Lionel Messi had lost the ball in midfield. Rounding off the scoring for the Parisian club was another birthday boy, Edinson Cavani who gave the finishing touches to a fine solo run and an even better pass from Thomas Meunier.
With the second leg to be played at Camp Nou, Luis Enrique's side now requires a comeback of unprecedented proportions in Champions League history having been put to the sword in the French capital.
Let's take a look at how the players fared for the two sides.
#1 Paris Saint-Germain
Kevin Trapp: 7/10
He had the best seat in the stadium and could have even brought some popcorn to enjoy the way his team played. He did, however, make a few good clearances and interceptions.
Presnel Kimpembe: 8/10
The young defender was an absolute rock in defence as PSG never felt the absence of their captain in this game. He kept Suarez at bay and distributed well from the back.
Marquinhos: 8/10
Alongside Kimpembe, the Brazilian closed down the mighty MSN pretty effectively. He timed his tackles immaculately and won them fair and square. His distribution too was top notch.
Layvin Kurzawa: 7/10
He was solid in defence and did not allow either Lionel Messi or Sergi Roberto an inch of space to manoeuvre or even find a good cross into the box. However, he could have done better on the overlap.
Thomas Meunier: 8/10
The big Belgian was absolutely everywhere on the right flank. He won his ariel battles and attacked with much gusto; even going on a solo run before finding Cavani for PSG's fourth. Although troubled a bit by Neymar, he escaped unscathed.
Blaise Matuidi: 7/10
Blaise Matuidi was everywhere on the pitch
He very much embodied the team on the night – full of running and energy. Matuidi was always available in space, free for a pass. The Frenchman covered a lot of ground and pressed well to keep the Barcelona midfield in check.
Marco Veratti: 8.5/10
The Italian ran the show for Parisians, spraying passes from deep and occasionally bombing forward as well. He set up Draxler's goal but was unfortunately taken off with an injury scare.
Angel Di Maria: 9.5/10
Di Maria popped up everywhere in Barça's defensive third and was a threat every time he was on the ball. He opened the scoring with a lovely free kick and made it three for the hosts with a beautiful curler into the top corner.
Julian Draxler: 8/10
He scored PSG's second with a great finish and was full of energy on PSG's right. Always looking to attack, he, though, was guilty of being selfish a few times.
Adrien Rabiot: 9/10
His passing was awesome, his tackling was great and he made a few penetrating runs which always caused problems for Barcelona. He, alongside Verratti, absolutely bossed the midfield against the likes of Busquets and Iniesta.
Edinson Cavani: 8/10
Edinson Cavani rounded off a memorable night for PSG
He scored PSG's last and fourth goal of the night with an emphatic finish into Ter Stegen's near post. His movements and physicality caused problems for Barça's defence throughout the match.
Substitutes:
Lucas Moura: 6/10
The Brazilian came on for Di Maria but was not quite as effective as the Argentine. He did, however, see a good attempt blocked byJordi Alba, in what was his only major contribution in attack.
Christopher Nkunku: 5.5 /10
He came on for an injured Verratti and kept things simple and tidy. Not too flashy or risky, it was a mature showing from the youngster.
Javier Pastore: N/A
Riyadh
Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear headcover or the black abaya – the loose-fitting, full-length robes symbolic of Islamic piety – as long as their attire is “decent and respectful”, the kingdom's reform-minded crown prince said.
With the ascent to power of young Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the kingdom has seen an expansion in women's rights including a decision to allow women to attend mixed public sporting events and the right to drive cars from this summer.
The changes have been hailed as proof of a new progressive trend towards modernisation in the deeply conservative Muslim kingdom, although the gender-segregated nation continues to be criticised for its continued constraints on women.
“The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of syariah (Islamic law): That women wear decent, respectful clothing, like men,” Prince Mohammed said in an interview with CBS television aired late on Sunday (March 18).
“This, however, does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover. The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire she chooses to wear.”
A senior cleric said last month that women should dress modestly, but this did not necessitate wearing the abaya.
It remains unclear if these statements signal a change in the enforcement of women's dress code in the kingdom. Saudi Arabia has no written legal code to go with the texts making up syariah, and police and judiciary have long enforced a strict dress code requiring Saudi women to wear abayas and in many cases to cover their hair and faces.—Agencies
(Yonhap)
Foreigners who had been steadily investing in Asian stock markets began to pull out in July, with South Korean stocks ranking as the second most sold, data showed Monday.This year's figures provided by the Korea Exchange said foreigners net purchased between $2.8 billion and $11.9 billion per month in Asian shares from January to June. China and Japan were excluded from the count because they do not provide separate tallies on offshore investors.The buying spree was bucked in July when foreigners sold off $146 million worth of stocks in Asia. They also shed $375 million in the first week of August alone, data showed.Indonesia was the hardest hit from July onward, with a net selling of $821 million. South Korea came next with $548 million of net selling. Taiwan ranked third with $178 million.Stock markets have been suffering adjustments in August across Asia, but they were still sturdy with solid gains so far this year.India lost 2.2 percent as of Aug. 9 compared with last year's closing. South Korea shed 1.4 percent, Vietnam 1.3 percent and Japan 0.9 percent.Asia's bourses overall still managed increases compared with the start of the year, including 27.4 percent in Hong Kong and 19.4 percent in India.South Korea was up 16.9 percent, the Philippines 16.7 percent and Singapore 15.2 percent.Taiwan's market was 13.2 percent higher, and Indonesia 10 percent. (Yonhap)
Share this article:
0 votes
As seen on last night's WWE SmackDown, Royal Rumble winner Randy Orton refused to take his title shot against WWE Champion Bray Wyatt at WrestleMania 33, pledging allegiance to Wyatt. Orton said as long as Wyatt is the master and he is the servant, Orton refuses to face him at WrestleMania.
SmackDown General Manager Daniel Bryan announced on Talking Smack that next Tuesday's show from Ontario, California will feature a battle royal with the winner going on to face Wyatt for the title at WrestleMania.
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former TNA Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Most of us are guilty of wasting the odd bit of veg or ditching our fresh produce in favour of a takeaway every once in a while - but one event coming to Bristol aims to change the way we see throwing away food for good.
A new pop-up cafe is launching in Easton next month and it aims to show Bristolians just how delicious food otherwise destined for the bin can truly be.
Cafe Surplus is a vegan pop-up where all items on the menu are made out of food which would otherwise be discarded by local shops and supermarkets.
It is the work of passionate food waste campaigner and environmentalist Anna Hughes, who is launching Cafe Surplus at the community-run Cafe Connect in Easton on June 7.
Anna explained: "It (food waste) is something I care a lot about.
(Image: Copyright unknown)
"The fact so much food gets wasted is really bad for the environment so I wanted to see how I could make a difference."
With the help of food waste charity Feedback, Anna will source food on the day from local shops and supermarkets which would otherwise be thrown away.
Typically, this is food which does not look attractive or cannot be sold, but is perfectly fine to eat.
Anna said planning a menu in advance of the event was extremely difficult, as the food she will prepare completely depends on what products are available on the day, but she was able to plan a few dishes for the night's buffet beforehand.
"Shops sign up to donate their stuff and a couple of organisers oversee the whole redistribution process," she told Bristol Live.
(Image: Getty)
"I have got a rough outline of a menu - I know the kind of things I will get. Potatoes are pretty much guaranteed so I will make potato croquettes. I will get root vegetables, so I can make those into vegetable fritters.
"Bristol is a great place for this kind of thing because there are lots of places getting involved in it. It will definitely work here."
Cafe Surplus launches at Cafe Connect, in St Mark's Road, at 7pm on June 7.
Tickets to the event are £10 and are available now from Eventbrite .
A brewery that was approved for a Downtown Encinitas tasting room in July, sparking complaints from residents, has announced it is revising its use permit from a bar use to a restaurant use with alcohol sales, city officials said.
The Planning Commission narrowly approved Modern Times' proposal for a 150-seat tasting room at 470 South Coast Highway 101 on July 20.
Residents at the meeting argued the establishment shouldn't be allowed due to limited parking and an oversaturation of alchohol-serving establishments downtown. In September, a group called the Encinitas Citizens Committee submitted an appeal for a re-hearing with the city council, which was tentatively set for Oct. 11 before Modern Times pulled its original plans.
Jacob McKean, CEO and founder of Modern Times, said in an email that after meeting with stakeholders and city staff, he felt it was best to amend the plans and open a restaurant instead.
"We value the feedback we've gained throughout the process and look forward to working closely with the city and community as we strive to bring Modern Times to Downtown Encinitas," McKean said.
Lois Yum, the city's management analyst, said in an email Modern Times has not yet submitted its new plans or application, but the city "anticipates those soon."
No new hearing dates have been set yet, and the city will begin reviewing Modern Times' new plans once they are submitted, Yum said.
"During that review process, the applicant will be required to hold a new Citizen Participation Program (CPP) neighborhood meeting to collect and provide feedback from the community," she said.
ISLAMABAD, Jul 4 (APP):Azerbaijan and Pakistan have to establish direct banking channel and air connectivity, lift off tariff barriers, and create alternative rail and road network, as well as visa free regime to enhance bilateral trade relations, said President of the Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RCCI) Zahid Latif Khan on the eve of Business Opportunities Conference in Baku, Azerbaijan.
The RCCI president added that there is a need to explore new avenues of joint ventures and trade connectivity under the umbrella of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
“CPEC has now become a reality on the ground. Pakistan would become hub of regional connectivity as CPEC would put it on a center stage due to new energy infrastructure and trade routes,” Latif Khan was quoted as saying by AzerNews.
The RCCI president concluded reminding that Azerbaijan has always been very friendly towards Pakistan, which was among the first three countries to recognize Azerbaijan immediately and reestablish diplomatic ties in July, 1992.
The Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (RCCI) is organizing Business Opportunities Conference and 31st International Achievement Award ceremony in Azerbaijan's capital city on July 4-5.
The events will be aimed at promoting business and investment opportunities of Pakistan in Azerbaijan's business community.
Over 450 Pakistani participants representing tourism, pharmaceutical, chemical, plastic, textile, surgical goods, furniture, food, construction and other industries will be attending the events.
Further, Pakistani and Azerbaijani business communities are going to hold B2B meetings.
Latif Khan also noted that this initiative would lead to creation of new joint ventures in the future.
​​Sofa specialist DFS Furniture​ has set alarm bells ringing with the warning that trading has ​​recently weakened beyond ​its ​expectation, with ​"​significant​"​ declines in store footfall leading to a ​"​material reduction in customer orders​"​.​
The Doncaster-based firm​ believes ​​​the effects are market-wide, in line with industry indicators, and are linked to customer uncertainty regarding the ​G​eneral ​E​lection and the uncertain macroeconomic environment.
T​he economy has been thrown into doubt following the shock outcome of last week's election which resulted in a hung parliament. In times of doubt, consumers tend to put on hold the purchase of big ticket items such as a new three piece sofas.
Since the Government's decision to trigger Article 50 three months ago, there are signs that the economy is stalling with inflation outpacing wage growth and consumers feeling the pinch from higher food prices caused by the collapse in sterling since the EU referendum last year.
DFS said it now expects full year earnings to fall below market expectations. Its new prediction for annual earnings is between £82m and £87m.
​The group said that the​ upholstery market see​s​ short-term demand fluctuations from time-to-time, ​but there is an overall historical trend of long-term growth.
​In a trading update the firm said: "​Notwithstanding this, we have maintained our investment in the business and we are confident that we will outperform the market over the longer term, driven by our scale, business model and proven growth levers.
​"​We believe our expectations for the next financial year are realistic based on consumer confidence remaining broadly in line with current levels, given its consequent impact on upholstery demand.
​"​We expect continued strong cash generation that has allowed the recent announcement of a £20m special dividend in addition to our ordinary dividend.​"
DFS said it would give a further trading update on August ​10, following the completion of the ​g​roup's financial year.
​In March DFS announced record half year results and said it w​ould​ reward shareholders with its first special dividend.
​​The firm said it ​wa​s negotiating with suppliers to mitigate the fall in the pound since Brexit, but warned that the UK could see a slowdown in 2017 following the triggering of Article 50.
​At the time ​DFS CEO Ian Filby said: “Consumer confidence to date has held up well, but we recognise that furniture retailing in the UK faces an increased risk of a market slowdown in 2017 because of the uncertain political and economic outlook.
“Economists are saying the market will be flat this year. I don't see any signs at the moment of anything like the credit crunch. If you go back to 2008, DFS was massively successful because we are so flexible.
“We have so much product made here in the UK, it gives us a real advantage.”
The group said that its bigger size gives it significant advantages over rivals.
Michigan State University Police are on alert after getting letters making threats against MSU athletic events.
The East Lansing and Michigan State University police departments have both received the letters.
But both departments said the letters don't provide specific information in regards to the events, or manner of the threat.
Officials are working with additional law enforcement to figure out where the letters are coming from, and see if there is any validity to the statements.
MSU students and people that live in the area are urged to remain vigilant and report any suspicious activity immediately.
In a separate statement, the university said it is taking "all appropriate safety measures." In the event of an emergency, campus police will use the MSU Alert system to notify students, staff, and faculty.
>>Read the alert from Michigan State University police here<<
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation)/Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Amid ongoing struggles at Uber, one of its stronger regional rivals in transportation on demand has raised a significant round of funding, picking up a significant strategic investor in the process. Careem, a transportation startup currently in 80 cities across the Middle East, has raised another $150 million — closing out a $500 million Series D round that it confirmed in December when it announced the first $350 million tranche. With the new funds, Mudassir Sheikha, Careem's co-founder and CEO, confirmed that Careem's valuation is now over $1 billion.
The funding is being led by Dubai's Kingdom Holding, the VC that also backs Lyft and invested in Twitter and Snap before they went public. German automaker Daimler (which itself has acquired Hailo in the UK, Taxibeat in Greece and MyTaxi in Germany), and VCs DCM Ventures and Coatue Management also participated.
“With our investment in Careem, we are now taking the strategic step to becoming the world's leading provider of mobility services,” Klaus Entenmann, CEO, Daimler Financial Services AG, said in a statement. “Careem has quickly leapt to the leadership of ridesharing within the MENA regions by delivering rapid innovation and customer growth, and it is spearheading new ways to transport people from point A to point B.”
This is a significant Series D for Careem — previously, the company had only raised $72 million — and the size of the round speaks of the opportunity that investors see right now to grow more regional transportation services — both in direct competition with Uber and incumbent forms of transportation as well as to simply to tap a very big opportunity.
In the case of Careem, the latter is actually the stronger force at the moment. Sheikha estimates that Careem plus Uber account for only around one percent of the potential market for transportation services in the region.
“When it comes to ride hailing, Uber is the primary competitor, but between us we're serving just one percent of the opportunity,” he said, “so the biggest challenge is just growing more of this so the opp is vital bigger than what we currently have in the market.
“Dubai is a truly global city, but as soon as you leave Dubai for places like Oman or Cairo or many other cities, you realise that public transport infrastructure is not extensive. Plus, in our markets, if you look at the numbers, car ownership is also very low. Transportation is supply constrained.”
Indeed, while half the world is railing about how Uber has treated women over the years, the challenges are of a decidedly different nature in Careem's neck of the woods. While women can drive in some places, in many they cannot, and many simply do not. “Women want to go out to school, college and work but cannot go because there is no car available,” he said. Many rely on fathers, brothers and husbands to get them around. “Transportation and lack of public transport what we are trying to address and reliably remove that constraint.”
Careem has been growing at a very quick pace so far. Today it has close to 250,000 drivers (“captains” in Careem's terminology), and 10 million people are signed up and the app is now in 80 cities in the region, covering 30 countries. Revenues and trips are both growing between 20 and 25 percent month on month at the moment, said Sheikha. (As a point of comparison Careem noted 150,000 drivers and less than 50 cities in December.)
While Daimler's investment is another step in how the carmaker continues to fill out its regional ride-sharing portfolio — notably in a market where Mercedes-Benz (part of Daimler) is a very popular make — Sheikha notes that it's also an opportunity for Careem to tap into some of the technology that Daimler is working on for the next generation of cars.
Dubai's leader has set a target for 25 percent of all transportation to be in driverless vehicles by 2030, and although Careem has just raised a large round of funding, investing in and developing your own autonomous technology has a very high barrier to entry (indeed, that “AI divide” is a problem that one startup is now trying to tackle). So, one solution is to partner with companies that are not direct competitors who are making those future bets.
Daimler has already been working with Uber on self-driving pilots, and has set a target to have self-driving cars on the road in the next five years, so this will give it one more channel to market: via its strategic investment in Careem.
Another interesting strategic aspect of this round is the fact that not only does Daimler have other transportation startups in its portfolio, but Careem now has multiple investors who also back another big ride-sharing company, Lyft in the US. There has been a lot of talk about how non-Uber car startups can collaborate more together, and although we've actually seen very few (no?) fruits from that labor, Careem said that he can see some opportunities in the future to give Careem app users the ability to continue to use their apps when they travel abroad and want to order cars in other markets. (No deals made yet on that front, though.)
Featured Image: Careem (IMAGE HAS BEEN MODIFIED)
The Adventures of Kesha and Macklemore Tour is coming to San Diego on June 12th! ENERGY is giving you chances to win tickets before you can buy them! Listen to ENERGY this week for your chance to win. When we tell you to call, be the 20th caller at 833-288-0973 to win! Tickets go on sale Friday, December 15th at 10a through Ticketmaster.com.
***PRESALE TICKETS***
Use our presale code to buy your tickets a day before everyone else. Presale begins this Thursday, December 14th from 10a-10p PST.
To buy presale tickets, click here and enter the code ENERGY. Presale tickets are limited first come, first served basis.
ESPN senior writer John Clayton explains how a bold move by the Vikings to part ways with Adrian Peterson makes sense given his contract situation and the depth of this year's running back class. (0:55)
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Vikings' talks about a restructured contract for running back Adrian Peterson aren't likely to pick up steam until around the NFL scouting combine in the beginning of March, and it remains possible the team will work out a deal to keep him in Minnesota in 2017.
Peterson has said publicly he wants to return to the Vikings next season, and those close to him believe the same thing. He turns 32 in March and ran for only 72 yards in three games of a season during which he was recovering from a torn meniscus. Still, he could return next season if he finds common ground with the Vikings as they pursue a reworked deal in lieu of an option that would pay Peterson $18 million (including a $6 million roster bonus).
Still, this being a business, it's entirely possible Peterson and the Vikings will part ways at the start of the league year, March 9, rather than work out a deal to keep him in Minnesota. Peterson acknowledged as much during an appearance on ESPN's First Take last month, when he said, "I see myself in purple," before adding, "A lot has to take place," and naming the New York Giants, Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Houston Texans as teams he has considered as possibilities should he not be back with the Vikings next season.
The list of possibilities for Peterson is probably longer than those three teams, but if he did become a free agent, it would take the right set of circumstances -- a team close to winning, a role at running back and possibly a personal connection -- for him to land there. Here's a look at some of the places Peterson could end up, some more realistic than others.
Adrian Peterson could be a fit in New York if the Giants look to upgrade a rushing attack that ranked 29th in 2016. Jerry Lai/US Presswire
New York Giants
Running back situation: Rashad Jennings, 31, led the Giants with 593 rushing yards, and Paul Perkins, 22, had 456. Jennings could be a cap casualty, and though Perkins showed some promise, he didn't score a touchdown last season.
Projected cap space: $28.53 million
Could it work? The Giants went 11-5 with the league's 29th-ranked running game and the second-shortest average drive in the league. The idea of playing in a backfield with Eli Manning and in an offense with Odell Beckham Jr. could be intriguing to Peterson, though a team that threw nearly 600 times last season isn't about to become a ball-control outfit. Still, there could be a fit here if the Giants think Peterson can help put them over the top.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Running back situation: Jacquizz Rodgers led the team in rushing with 560 yards, but he's a free agent. Doug Martin and his $7 million cap hit could also be on the way out after a violation for performance-enhancing drugs last season. Charles Sims, who played only seven games in 2016, is in the final year of his contract.
Projected cap space: $65.65 million
Could it work? It might have been no accident that Peterson mentioned the Bucs (remember in 2015 when his agent, Ben Dogra, posed in a Tampa Bay hat next to Peterson's jersey during his standoff with the Vikings?). They've got the cap space to pay him plenty of money, though an up-and-coming young team might look to stick with a back like Rodgers as it builds around quarterback Jameis Winston. Should the Buccaneers have interest, though, they've got the wherewithal to get Peterson.
Houston Texans
Running back situation: Lamar Miller ran for 1,073 yards on 268 carries, and Alfred Blue chipped in another 420 yards. Both are under contract, with Miller, 25, carrying a cap hit of $6.5 million.
Projected cap space: $23.42 million
Could it work? It's no secret in league circles how much Peterson would be attracted to the idea of playing in Houston, where he lives in the offseason and opened a gym last year. The Texans went to the AFC divisional playoffs last season, and they'd certainly be an attractive destination for Peterson. Given Miller's cap number and his role, though, this one probably only works if Peterson is willing to accept a smaller part in the offense. The tradeoff -- a chance to join a contending team in his adopted hometown -- could be worth it.
Dallas Cowboys
Running back situation: Ezekiel Elliott is the man here, having led the league with 1,631 yards as a rookie. The NFL's investigation into domestic-violence allegations still looms over Elliott, but as long as he stays out of long-term trouble, he'll be a fixture in Dallas for a long time.
Projected cap space: minus-$13.02 million
Could it work? The Cowboys need to get their salary structure in order (though they'll get some cap relief from Tony Romo), and Peterson would need to fill in behind Elliott. Still, as ESPN's Adam Schefter reported, Peterson has been connected to the Cowboys in NFL circles. He grew up a fan of the team, has an admirer in Jerry Jones and could join the pantheon of players who win a Super Bowl in Dallas. If the Cowboys were interested, that possibility might be enough to get Peterson to accept a secondary role. Making this happen, though, would require quite a few gymnastics.
Denver Broncos
Running back situation: C.J. Anderson is coming off a knee injury. Devontae Booker ran for 612 yards last season, but the Broncos could be looking for a back who can remove some pressure from their dicey quarterback situation.
Projected cap space: $31.49 million
Could it work? This is a sneaky possibility for Peterson if he decides to test the market. There's still an elite defense that carried the Broncos to a championship a season ago, and John Elway has shown he'll be bold if he thinks a veteran can help put the Broncos over the top. Denver is often mentioned as a landing spot for Romo, but Peterson could make sense here, too, particularly if the Broncos sell him on the idea he might be able to get them back to the Super Bowl.
New England Patriots
Running back situation: The Patriots have used a committee of LeGarrette Blount, Dion Lewis and James White, but Blount is a free agent at age 30. White starred in the Super Bowl, but probably isn't the kind of back who could carry the ball 300 times as Blount did.
Projected cap space: $63.42 million
Could it work? It would be the most Patriots move ever, wouldn't it, to sign Peterson for a year, coax another productive season out of him next to Tom Brady and get back to another Super Bowl? They've done it with enough veterans that it's plausible with Peterson, and while he'd have to go there knowing the offense runs through Brady, he still talks in glowing terms about his time with Brett Favre. The chance to play with another legend and thrive in the Patriots' atmosphere for a year could be appealing if New England had interest.
Green Bay Packers
Running back situation: The Packers have to decide if they want to give Eddie Lacy another chance, make Ty Montgomery into their feature back or add another piece to the group after releasing James Starks.
Projected cap space: $41.02 million
Could it work? It's hard to see it, given how rarely the Packers dip into the free-agent market and how many questions they have to answer on their offensive line, where T.J. Lang is a free agent. They're also not a team that would offer Peterson a boatload of carries. But general manager Ted Thompson's occasional forays into free agency have been largely successful, including players such as Charles Woodson, Julius Peppers and Jared Cook. Would the Packers kick the tires on Peterson if he reached the market? It would offer Peterson the chance to do what Favre did: play against the Vikings as a member of a division rival. However implausible it is, Vikings fans have no doubt already considered the scenario. It's at this point we should mention, of course, where Super Bowl LII will be played next February: Minneapolis.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The trial of a grime artist accused of rape, assault by penetration, false imprisonment and assault has been adjourned.
Andy Anokye, 31, who performs under the stage name Solo 45, denies 31 charges.
The charges, relating to four alleged victims, include 22 counts of rape and five counts of false imprisonment.
Anokye also denies two charges of assault by penetration and two charges of assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Judge William Hart adjourned the case during a hearing at Bristol Crown Court on Tuesday.
"The trial of Mr Anokye has been adjourned to a date to be fixed and that day is not yet capable of being finalised," the judge said.
Christopher Quinlan QC is prosecuting the case, with Sallie Bennett-Jenkins QC representing Anokye.
Anokye, of Millennium Promenade, Bristol, denies all the charges against him.
Learn about Menlo Park's Transportation Master Plan online and at upcoming events
The City of Menlo Park is beginning to develop its first Transportation Master Plan. One of the first efforts is rolling out the Online Open House.
Visit the Online Open House to learn more about the project and to provide input about how the City should prioritize transportation improvements. The Online Open House and survey will be open until Sept. 6, 2017.
There are other opportunities to learn about the project and provide input in the coming months. City staff and the consultant team will be at the Downtown Block Party Aug. 16, 2017 and at the Kelly Park Concert Series Aug. 22, 2017.
The Transportation Master Plan will identify projects to enhance the transportation network, incorporate community input to meet the communities' goals and values, and prioritize projects based on need for implementation. When completed, the Plan will provide a detailed vision, set goals and performance metrics, and outline an implementation strategy for local improvements as well as for local contributions toward regional improvements.
For more information about the Transportation Master Plan, visit the City's project webpage.
Originally appeared on menlopark.org; used with permission; InMenlo file photo (c)2010
A Porsche 911 has run into a Subaru in the drive of the Hyatt Regency on Sussex St Sydney. Picture: John Grainger
A Porsche 911 has run into a Subaru in the drive of the Hyatt Regency on Sussex St Sydney. Picture: John Grainger
A HOTEL valet has escaped unhurt after driving a customer's Porsche into - and underneath - the back of another car in a Sydney CBD hotel driveway.
A police spokeswoman confirmed the man had been trapped in the accident, as the Porsche convertible he was driving became pinned underneath a Subaru.
A Police Rescue team had to jack up the rear of the Subaru to free the man, who miraculously emerged unscathed.
It appears the unlucky valet selected reverse instead of drive before ramming the bright orange Subaru in the customer's Porsche Carrera S cabriolet.
That's no way to treat a Porsche. The aftermath of the accident. Picture: Chris Harris
A spokeswoman for the Hyatt Regency hotel confirmed two vehicles had been damaged in the driveway of the hotel shortly after 8am this morning.
"We are currently undergoing a full assessment together with the local authorities and the vehicle owners on the incident," she said.
"The staff member involved was not injured."
Police Rescue removed the Porsche from under the Subaru and freed the driver. Picture: John Grainger
The man in question has been given the day off and the hotel says an investigation will ensue.
"Hyatt Regency Sydney places the utmost importance on the safety of our staff and guests and a full investigation is being conducted by hotel management over the next few days," she said.
New Delhi: One of the four students, accused in connection to the mysterious death of Class 9 student, is allegedly on the run. Cops apprehended the other three minors on Friday evening.
Tusshar, a student of Class 9 in Jeevan Jyoti Senior Secondary School in northeast Delhi's Karawal Nagar, was found unconscious by fellow students in the school washroom on Thursday. He was rushed to GTB Hospital where he was declared brought dead by doctors.
After the initial investigation and examining the CCTV footage, the police claimed that Tusshar was allegedly beaten to death inside the toilet by four students. Later, a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder was registered against unknown persons.
CCTV footage revealed that some students went after Tusshar in the washroom and allegedly punched him in the neck and face, police said.
On Friday evening, the police detained three minors.
It is suspected that the student died of internal injuries he suffered during the scuffle, added the investigating officials.
"During preliminary investigation, there were no visible injuries marks found on his body. However, the deceased`s family members alleged foul play and said he was beaten up by some students inside the school`s toilet," the police has earlier said.
The school's management, on the other hand, claimed that Tushar was allegedly suffering from diarrhoea and fell unconscious, which led to his death.
General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has predicted that the downward trend of Nigeria's economy will be halted this year, adding that a reversal will begin.
Giving his prediction during the night service before thousands of worshippers at the Redeemed Camp on the Lagos–Ibadan Expressway, he said on Nigeria: “2017 will be a year of surprises both for the oppressed and the oppressor. Surprise is a two edged sword
“Those deliberately making life difficult for the common man will be relocated. The downward plunge will slow down, stop and reversal will begin.”
For individuals, he predicted that. ”It will be a year of surprises. For prophets both true and false it will be a year of surprises. There will be quite a large number of weddings. Soul winners will see their prophecies fulfilled almost as soon as they are uttered.”
His prediction on what will happen in the world this year is that “There will be surprises for many world governments. They are coming in twos: monster earthquakes, monster floods, hurricanes and typhoons, monster tornadoes and monster fire outbreaks.”
U.S. Rep. Justin Amash, who represents the Grand Rapids area, called out President Donald Trump for not singling out the white nationalists and other hate groups behind Saturday's deadly protest in Virginia. (Photo: Carly Geraci / AP file)
Several prominent Michigan Republicans personally condemned the role of white nationalists in the weekend's violence in Charlottesville — something that President Donald Trump didn't immediately do.
Trump faced criticism from Democrats and some Republicans, including U.S. Rep. Justin Amash, who represents the Grand Rapids area, for not singling out the white nationalists and other hate groups behind Saturday's deadly protest in Virginia.
Amash directed his comments at the president on Twitter: “@POTUS, America's children are watching. Denounce white nationalists & their evil ideology. They are enemies of liberty & our Constitution,” Amash tweeted Sunday.
This was terrorism—an attack on civilians in the name of a racist ideology. Prayers for the victims and the people of #Charlottesville. https://t.co/GninI70HTZ — Justin Amash (@justinamash) August 13, 2017
.@POTUS, America's children are watching. Denounce white nationalists & their evil ideology. They are enemies of liberty & our Constitution. — Justin Amash (@justinamash) August 13, 2017
Lt. Gov. Brian Calley, a Portland Republican, didn't mention Trump by name but used Facebook to call for a clear rebuke of white supremacists: “This abhorrent and racist violence is disgusting and vile. White supremacy groups are un-American and should be rejected and condemned as such.”
Lena Epstein, a Jewish businesswoman running for the GOP nomination for U.S. Senate, also singled out the white nationalists who gathered in Charlottesville to protest the city's plans to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
“Racially-motivated hatred & violence have no place in our society. I condemn white nationalists & pray for the victims of #Charlottesville,” tweeted Epstein, who co-chaired Trump's campaign in Michigan last year.
Gov. Rick Snyder did not weigh in during the weekend clashes but issued a statement Monday afternoon calling for unity. A woman was killed and dozens of others were wounded Saturday when a car rammed into counter-protesters in the streets of Charlottesville.
“Hate speech and violence are not welcome in Michigan – it's not representative of who Michiganders truly are or of the future we want to build for our children,” Snyder said.
In remarks to reporters from his New Jersey golf club, Trump on Saturday blamed “many sides” for the violence. The White House followed up Sunday with an unattributed statement:
“The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
A tweet by former U.S. Rep. John Dingell, D-Dearborn, went viral, with nearly 262,000 re-tweets as of Monday morning and nearly 753,000 “likes.”
“I signed up to fight Nazis 73 years ago and I'll do it again if I have to. Hatred, bigotry, & fascism should have no place in this country,” Dingell tweeted.
On Sunday, he added: “What happened yesterday was radical terrorism, @realDonaldTrump. Refusal to identify it, denounce it, & fight it makes one complicit in it.”
Rep. Sandy Levin, a Royal Oak Democrat, also criticized Trump's response to the deadly violence.
“We can never tolerate bigotry and hatred and the violence carried out in its name,” tweeted Levin, who is Jewish. “All of our leaders, especially POTUS, must unequivocally condemn those who seek to perpetuate this hate and violence. 3/3 #charlotesville.”
Abdul El-Sayed, who is running for the Democratic nomination for governor, tweeted: “You either stand for our constitution or with white supremacy. You can't stand for both. Where are you, @realDonaldTrump? #Charlottesviille.”
Rep. Fred Upton, the Michigan delegation's senior Republican, spoke out Saturday as the violence escalated in Virginia.
“What is happening in #Charlottesville is most disturbing. It shames us as a nation. It needs to stop. Now. We are all watching,” Upton tweeted.
“It threatens the very core of our country: Tolerance, acceptance, & embracing diversity. We must join together to oppose this divisiveness.”
U.S. Rep. Jack Bergman, R-Watersmeet, didn't mention Trump by name but quoted the Declaration of Independence and tweeted, “These bigoted acts should be condemned and denounced by all Americans!”
Rep. Mike Bishop, R-Rochester, spoke up on Twitter late Sunday, saying, “What happened in Charlottesville was a disgusting display of bigotry and hate by white supremacists. Violence, racism cannot be tolerated.”
Attorney General Bill Schuette, R-Midland, who is considering a run for governor, tweeted that, “America must be a place where we all unite against hatred, bigotry and violence. I condemn the actions of those who express those beliefs.”
Sen. Gary Peters, D-Bloomfield Township, said on Twitter: “Racism reared its ugly head in #Charlottesville. We must condemn hatred & violence from white supremacists — our country is better than this.”
Rep. Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township, said on MSNBC that Trump “wants to have it both ways.”
“He wants to be able to say that he spoke up against this, but he does it in a way that gives comfort to David Duke. Gives comfort to those who perpetrated violence. Gives comfort to Nazi sympathizers,” Kildee said.
“As if somehow, they represent some legitimate side of a two-sided debate. They do not. ... And the president of the United States of America has a moral obligation to call it that.”
Kildee remained unhappy after Trump, during remarks Monday at the White House, denounced racism as “evil” and said “those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs.”
Kildee said the president “should not have to be publicly shamed into condemning neo-Nazis and white supremacists.”
mburke@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w6QWBd
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant once more, aged 54.
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant once more, aged 54.
BRIGITTE Nielsen is ready to give motherhood another shot.
The Danish actress, 54, revealed she was expecting her fifth child on Instagram earlier this week.
"family getting larger [heart emoji]," she wrote alongside a photo showing off her rather sizeable baby bump.
The star has shocked fans with news of the pregnancy.
After getting her start as a model at the beginning of the '80s, Nielsen starred in the fantasy film Red Sonja in 1985, which co-starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. That year she also appeared in Rocky IV with then-husband Sylvester Stallone, whom she also starred alongside in Cobra the next year.
Brigitte Nielsen is pregnant once more, aged 54.
Nielsen, who's been married five times, already has four sons, ranging in age from 23 to 34.
A rep for the actress did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Nielsen's Instagram followers flooded her comments section with messages of congratulations - and surprise.
"Congrats you have given hope to a lot of women that believed it couldn't be done. Well you have proven that it can," wrote one.
"Wow! How's that possible??" asked another.
"Can you open up discussion on what precautions if any you took did you have to check anything as I think you are inspiration to woman over 40 who think it's too late," said another.
This story originally appeared on Page Six and is republished here with permission.
Monday, January 2, 2017 at 4:38 pm |
The 2017 Chrysler Pacifica revitalizes the minivan and restores it as the best family vehicle on the market. (Robert Duffer/Chicago Tribune/TNS
(Chicago Tribune/TNS) - Years such as 2016 might look best in the rearview mirror.
We drive on, negotiating the highs and the lows, because that is the narrative of hindsight.
The auto industry had its share of extremes, with record-breaking transaction prices ($34,000!) and a record-breaking recall expected to include 42 million vehicles by 34 makes. More people are underwater on their long-term car loans, leased vehicles are at an all-time high, and the record-breaking sales pace is showing signs of slowing for the first time in years. It's been a year of extremes.
Most importantly, there are some really awesome vehicles being made, from high-horsepower to uncompromising electric cars.
We looked at trends affecting both millennials, who are driving the industry, and senior citizens, who are driving in record numbers, and everything in between.
Here are the superlative stories that captured and epitomized our automotive year, for better and for worse, till 2016 do us part.
— Best car: 2016 BMW M2
We could parse it and say it was the best sports car, or best car for the price, or most fun, and that is why BMW's sports coupe was our favorite overall car for 2016. Everything about the 3-liter turbo inline six-cylinder engine feels right, including the peerless six-speed manual and firm yet comfortable racing seats. For just over $50,000, the M2 delivers the most bang for the buck of any car on the market.
— The Worst auto story: Takata
The ongoing and expanding Takata airbag recall fiasco has caused an estimated 184 injuries and 11 deaths in the United States. Honda and Japanese supplier Takata knew about the faulty airbag inflator, which can dry out and deploy improperly, sending shrapnel through the airbag into the face and chest of driver or passengers, since 2004. It took over a decade to figure out the problem, and despite widespread recalls, only 12.9 million of the affected vehicles have been fixed.
Please get your car fixed. Earlier this year, a 17-year-old in Texas rear-ended a parked car at about 15 mph. The high school senior should've walked away from the fender bender; instead she died from the inflator shrapnel in a car that had been recalled but not fixed.
Check NHTSA for instructions and expectations. www.safercar.gov/rs/takata/takatalist
— Best family car: 2017 Chrysler Pacifica
Long live the minivan! Crossovers may be the most popular segment in America, but nothing hauls family and gear as practically as the minivan. The Pacifica name, once used on a crossover, is the new name of Town & Country minivan, and it's never been better.
The all-new Jaguar F-Pace, the first crossover for the resurgent luxury brand, looks great and the 340-horsepower supercharged V-6 engine makes it even better. (Jose M. Osorio/Chicago Tribune/TNS)
— Favorite crossover: 2017 Jaguar F-Pace
The Jaguar F-Pace and Volvo XC90 are vital to their brands' survival in the crossover world. Jaguar's first crossover, the F-Pace, has 20-inch wheels, low roofline, long nose and a wide wheelbase to give it the sporting edge it needs to compete with the Germans. It looks great and the 340-horsepower supercharged V-6 engine makes it even better.
— Favorite powertrain: 2016 Volvo XC90 plug-in hybrid
The three-row SUV with a plug uses a turbo and supercharged twin engine that got 33.5 mpg in our week yet still can hit 60 mph in 5.8 seconds. It foretells a more sustainable automotive future without compromising those things we love, which is what it should do at $83,000.
The $400,000 Rolls-Royce Dawn gave us insight into how to optimize every detail, from the retractable “Spirit of Ecstasy” hood ornament to hidden his-and-her umbrella ports, to define ultraluxury. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune/TNS)
— Most ridiculous car of the year: It's a tie, for completely different reasons.
The $400,000 Rolls-Royce Dawn convertible gave us insight into how to optimize every detail, from the retractable “Spirit of Ecstasy” hood ornament to hidden his-and-her umbrella ports, to define ultraluxury.
Then there was our spin in the Elio three-wheeled 84-mpg econotube. This prototype would not be worth the $6,800 proposed list price, unless you like logging a lot of miles in a rough, loud, go-kart-like tube.
— Favorite drive: Porsche 911
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):An anti-terrorism court (ATC) on Monday dismissed the plea of Imran Khan, Chairman Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), to remove the terror charges and send his cases to a lower court.
Babar Awan, counsel of the PTI earlier challenged the jurisdiction of ATC to hear the four cases filed against Irman Khan and argued to drop terrorism charges against Mr Khan.
In a request submitted before the court on behalf of Imran Khan, Advocate Babar Awan sought the transfer of the four cases, dating back to 2014, to the civil court.
These four cases are regarding the torture on former SSP (Operations) Islamabad Asmat Ullah Junejo and attack on other law enforcement personnel and attacking PTV building.
The state prosecutor said there is solid evidence against the PTI chief of instigating party workers against the state. He said there are evidences that Imran Khan had incited his workers at the time and argued for action against the PTI chief under the Anti-Terrorism Act.
ATC Judge Shahrukh Arjumand reserved the decision on the case. Announcing its verdict later, the ATC dismissed the plea to remove terror charges but extended Imran's bail in the cases until the next hearing on December 19. The court ordered Imran Khan to appear before it at the next hearing on December 19, 2017.
WWE News: Kurt Angle teases match against current WWE Champion
Is this a dream match waiting to happen?
Is this a dream match waiting to happen?
What's the story?
Raw General Manager Kurt Angle has taken part in some huge matches over the last few months, he stood in for Roman Reigns as a member of The Shield at Tables, Ladders and Chairs in the 5 vs 3 handicap match, he partnered with Ronda Rousey at WrestleMania against the Authority and now he has his eye on an Intercontinental Title match against Seth Rollins.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
In case you didn't know...
Seth Rollins has been literally on fire over the last few months and is now organically the most over Superstar the WWE has (honestly, just listen to the crowd react to everything he does.) Part of the reason for this success is his 'fighting champion' philosophy and Intercontinental Title match open challenges.
Over the last few weeks, Rollins has defended the title against Mojo Rawley, Kevin Owens and Jinder Mahal, and seems set to defend the title against Elias at Money in the Bank after 'The Drifter' attacked the champ on the recent Monday Night Raw.
The heart of the matter
With all that in mind its no wonder that the Raw General Manager Kurt Angle wants a piece of the action, with the 'Olympic Gold Medalist' taking to Instagram to drum up interest in a potential match between himself and 'The Architect'.
Angle may not be as agile as he used to be, but I don't think we've seen him really push himself in the ring since his return to action last year, and currently, Rollins can make anyone look like a million dollars so this match has the potential to be a real showstopper.
What's next?
There appear to be no immediate plans for Angle to step foot inside the ring as a competitor again but Rollins, on the other hand, looks set to be wrestling every week for the foreseeable future.
Would you like to see Seth Rollins and Kurt Angle one-on-one in a WWE ring?
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Oregon State pitcher Luke Heimlich, who as a teenager pleaded guilty to molesting a 6-year-old girl, was not taken in Major League Baseball's draft.
Heimlich was the top pitcher during the regular season for the No. 1-ranked Beavers, who have lost just four games and are headed to the College World Series starting this weekend in Omaha, Nebraska.
On Wednesday before practice, Oregon State coach Pat Casey would not say whether Heimlich would pitch during the World Series.
Editor's Picks Nats sweep up son of manager Baker in draft Darren Baker, the son of manager Dusty Baker who was plucked out of harm's way during Game 5 of the 2002 World Series, has been drafted by the Nationals.
"All I can say about Luke Heimlich is that I'm praying for him, his family, anybody that was involved in that matter, especially the little girl," he told reporters. "It's just sad that they're going through the suffering again as a family."
Heimlich has compiled an 11-1 record with a 0.76 ERA. The left-hander from Puyallup, Washington, had been projected to be an early-round pick in the draft, which ended Wednesday without him being selected.
Details about his criminal history were revealed last week in a story published by The Oregonian/OregonLive. In an editorial accompanying the article, the newspaper said it learned about Heimlich's 2012 conviction in Washington state after running a background check that it routinely does for in-depth profiles.
Prosecutors initially charged Heimlich with two counts of molestation for abuse that began when the girl was 4, The Oregonian said. He ultimately pleaded guilty to one count of molestation between February 2011 and December 2011, a period during which he was 15. Prosecutors dismissed the other charge as part of a plea bargain.
He entered a diversion program, received two years of probation and was ordered to attend sex offender treatment for two years, according to court records. He was sentenced to 40 weeks of detention at Washington's Juvenile Rehabilitation authority. But that sentence was suspended and he served no time, according to court records, because he successfully completed probation.
Heimlich was classified in Washington state as the lowest-level sex offender, with little risk of repeating the behavior. He finished his probation and court-ordered classes in the fall of 2014, around the time he moved to Corvallis to attend Oregon State.
"As a 16-year-old, I was placed on juvenile court probation and ordered to participate in an individual counseling program. I'm grateful for the counseling I received, and since then, I realized the only way forward was to work each day on becoming the best person, community member and student I can possibly be," Heimlich said in a statement released by his Corvallis attorney last week.
The Beavers are the top seed in the NCAA tournament.
Heimlich pitched in the opening round for the Beavers, before the story broke. He asked that he be removed from the rotation in the super regional round.
Oregon State has not commented in detail on the matter, citing privacy rules.
Summer is here, and it's time for slushies, extended porch parties, roasted marshmallows, and beach bags full of good books. If you're lucky, you already have some exciting travel planned for the months ahead, but if you forgot to book a vacation and are feeling some FOMO, don't worry. You can get plane tickets for under $50 this week with JetBlue's flash sale. It sounds too good to be true, right? Fortunately for the wanderlusty among us, it's not — but some restrictions do apply, and you'll want to have all the info before you start dreaming of those crazy cheap flights.
JetBlue rolled out their "Sale Into Summer" deal on May 30. It will run only until 11:59 p.m. EST on May 31, so if you're at all tempted to check out the fares, you best start investigating ASAP. In addition to the restrictive purchasing window, there's also a limited time for travel. The deals will only apply to flights departing between Jun. 6 and Jun. 20, 2018, and Friday and Sunday flights are pretty much excluded across the board. Basically, if you're the spontaneous type (or are trying to be the spontaneous type just this once) who doesn't need to travel over a weekend, this could really be a good thing for you... even if it won't prove very useful for weekend getaways or trips later in the summer.
It all sounds great, but, as with most things, these fares — some as low as $44 one-way — come with a few catches. According to a spot-check from USA Today, certain routes (including Portland, Maine to New York JFK and Las Vegas to Long Beach, California) are easy to come by at the low, low prices touted by the airline.... but others (like the trip from Charleston, South Carolina to Washington Reagan National) are only available on one or two days of the two-week travel window noted in the deal's restrictions. Additionally, some of the low-priced tickets can only be purchased for flights going in one direction. The same fares are limited or entirely unavailable on the return trip, per the USA Today spot-check.
Still, this flash sale is still a welcome incentive to plan some last-minute June travel. A limited number of cheap flights is still better than no cheap flights in my book! Taking advantage of Sale Into Summer is super simple too, so if you're at all curious about this news, you might as well do a little more research to find out whether any of the available inexpensive flights would be the right fit for your June 2018 schedule.
All of the participating flights are listed on the Sale Into Summer deal page. You can easily search for specific origin and destination airports to determine if your route of choice is part of the sale. Assuming it is, the page clearly lists the best available deal, although you'll want to move your cursor over each sticker price to learn more about the particular restrictions that might apply for that flight. You can also look at flight costs in terms of points if you're a regular JetBlue customer, or review flight and hotel packages. Once you've settled on a flight, you can proceed to book directly from this page, which makes the whole process feel more streamlined than many other blowout sales, which can require multiple steps, codes, and the like.
The moral of the story? Approach a promotion like Sale Into Summer with caution so you don't find yourself totally disappointed, but don't hold back! There really are cheap flights — to Orlando, Atlanta, New Orleans, and more — to be found.
Motor racing - Kobayashi puts Toyota on provisional pole at Le Mans
by Reuters 15 Jun 2017, 04:26 IST
Caterham Formula One driver Kamui Kobayashi of Japan takes a picture during a news conference at the Hungaroring circuit, near Budapest in this file photo dated July 24, 2014. REUTERS/David W Cerny
(Reuters) - Former Formula One driver Kamui Kobayashi put Toyota on provisional pole for the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race after a shortened first qualifying session at the French circuit on Wednesday night.
Two more sessions are scheduled for Thursday.
The Japanese, who shares the number seven TS050 hybrid car with France's Stephane Sarrazin and Britain's Mike Conway, lapped with the best time of three minutes 18.793 seconds.
The number eight Toyota of Britain's Anthony Davidson, Japan's Kazuki Nakajima and Switzerland's Sebastien Buemi was second and 0.638 slower.
Toyota have never won Le Mans, with Mazda the only Japanese manufacturer to have triumphed back in 1991.
Champions Porsche, winners for the past two years, were third fastest with the number two car of Germany's Timo Bernhard and New Zealanders Brendon Hartley and Earl Bamber.
The session was shortened by 20 minutes to allow for barrier repairs at the Porsche Curves after a crash in an earlier practice.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Kim Ki-soo makes sure to captivate the audience when he films a makeup tutorial: he winks, chortles, bats his eyelashes and daintily lifts a brush with impeccably manicured fingers. “Smudge, smudge, smudge,” he repeats, patting pigment onto his eyelids. “Touch, touch, touch,” he chants while coloring his cheeks in rhythmic strokes.
“I've given my eyes a feline flick today,” he said at an interview with The Korea Herald last Thursday. The 39-year-old comedian-turned-beauty creator walked in to the cafe dressed in a silky dark-green shirt and geometric golden necklace, a makeup box in hand.
“The theme of today's look is orange, so I have an orange shade on my eyes that can look very seductive,” he said.
Comedian-turned-beauty creator Kim Ki-soo poses for a photo at Herald Square in Yongsan-gu, Seoul, on April 13. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
Comedian-turned-beauty creator Kim Ki-soo poses for a photo at Herald Square in Yongsan-gu, Seoul, on April 13. (Park Hyun-koo/The Korea Herald)
A photo uploaded on Kim Ki-soo's Instagram account @djkisoo.
Kim believes people wear makeup to “be beautiful, to receive attention from others.” He is not a fan of the exaggerated, drag-queen style makeup, but a look that more delicately accentuates the features.That is not to say Kim seeks to copy-paste women's makeup onto his own face. “There has to be something masculine about (the look), too. That's the type of beauty I pursue. It's genderless makeup.” he said, citing George Michael as one of his fashion icons along with Madonna and K-pop diva Lee Hyo-ri.“Celebrities are like works of art, their gestures, their glances … (Lee's) movements are completely different with makeup on. Without makeup, she's like an easygoing little sister. But put on makeup, look at her sing on stage. I was so inspired by that attitude that goes with the makeup.”Blurring the line between conventional femininity and masculinity is not a new phenomenon in Korean fashion, and Korea has seen a surge in the consumption of male beauty products in recent years. But there is still a dearth of male public figures who voice their love for beauty, save for a handful of bloggers and makeup artists.Kim has not always had the privilege of parading his passion for all things beauty, either. After graduating from Sangmyeong University with a major in theater, Kim became a comedian with broadcaster KBS in 2001. He became popular around 2008 for portraying the flamboyant, leotard-clad character Dancer Kim on the live comedy show “Gag Concert.” However, he was forced to halt all work some two years later when he was slapped with a lawsuit for sexual harassment.Though Kim was found innocent the following year, television networks were reluctant to hire Kim, who bore the stigma of being a sexual offender.“People would run away from me when I went into the showers at the gym. Friends had to hide when they met me for a drink.”His legal battles aside, Kim had always been interested in self-grooming since early childhood. But his passions were kept hidden in a society that hewed strictly to gender conventions.“I started out as a child actor. One day, I wore tinted sunscreen to the set, and they told me, ‘You look so pretty today.'”Kim traces his fondness for makeup to that incident. “Everybody has a time in their life when they were beautiful. Being able to relive that time -- that's the kind of makeup I want to do.”After being forced off television, and struggling to make a living, Kim turned to DJing -- he had always been interested in music; the performer in him craved the stage. He worked in clubs in Thailand and Japan, freely applying color to his face to go with his show. Once such pictures of him circulated in Korea, however, he was bombarded with negative comments about his physique, his gender identity and even his family.“People would write things like ‘Does your mother know you go around looking like this?' and much worse things.”Though hurt, Kim decided to push back by flaunting his love for makeup on social media. “I wanted to show them, this is who I am, this is what I can do.”Response has been warmer than expected. Now, he has over 21,000 followers on Instagram and some 68,000 subscribers on YouTube, and is branching out to television once again -- he is set to star in the variety show “My Little Television” on Saturday.But even now, the first thing that stokes people's curiosity is not Kim's cosmetic dexterity, but his sexual orientation, he says.“I think it's an insult to gay people if I protest too strongly when people ask if I'm gay. I just say, believe what you see. Believe what you'd like to think. But I am showing genderless makeup. It is completely separate (from my sexual identity).”Kim hopes that one day, people will find it natural to separate makeup from homosexuality.“How can using color to express yourself with makeup be related to (sexual identity)? This is my craft. I don't understand why people combine (the two notions).”What keeps Kim going are the hundreds of people who message him privately to thank him for knocking down gender barriers, and the following of fans who delight in his makeup techniques.“You wear makeup to be beautiful, to get someone's attention. I put on makeup to be beautiful all these years, but no one told me I was beautiful,” he said.“I feel like I can breathe. ... There was nothing for years. I feel like I am being compensated for the oppression of the past. I feel like I am being accepted.”By Rumy Doo ( doo@heraldcorp.com
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, March 19, 2018 at 4:00 pm |
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas gestures as he speaks during a meeting with the Palestinian leadership in Ramallah, Monday. (Palestinian President Office (PPO)/Handout via Reuters)
In an extraordinary personal attack that exceeded even the vitriol and viciousness of normal Palestinian rhetoric, Mahmoud Abbas attacked U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman on Monday, cursing him and denouncing him as a “settler.”
The tirade came in response to a tweet by Friedman accusing Abbas's PA of inciting terrorism and chiding him for not condemning the stabbing murder of an Israeli father of four on Sunday in the Old City of Yerushalayim.
Abbas noted that a number of U.S. officials “view the settlements as legitimate, Friedman most of all.”
“The ambassador, David Friedman, said they're building on their own land. You ____ building on their own land?!” Abbas fulminated.
Friedman, who was attending an anti-Semitism conference in Yerushalayim when he learned of what Abbas said, quoted the insult and added, “Anti-Semitism or political discourse? I leave this up to you.”
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and other Israeli officials have many times criticized Abbas for such failures in the past and prodded him to issue condemnations of terror attacks. He often complied, however slowly and begrudgingly, but an outburst like the one against Friedman on Monday was unusual.
As of Monday night, media reports made no mention of Abbas issuing any condemnation of the murder.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant mum who declined life-saving cancer treatment to save her unborn baby died three days after giving birth.
Danielle Janofsky passed away in her husband Max's arms after her battle with cancer lasted just three weeks.
The mum was six months pregnant when she went to hospital with abdominal pains on February 8 this year.
She had found a cancerous mole back in May 2015, which was removed, and had been having regular check ups since.
(Photo: Facebook)
But in February doctors discovered the melanoma - a type of skin cancer which can spread to other organs in the body- had spread to her liver, kidney, stomach and brain.
Danielle decided to put her baby's life before her own and declined treatment so she could save her unborn baby , cbnnews reports.
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Facebook)
She made the decision to deliver her baby as soon as she could.
Danielle gave birth to Jake on February 24 after a c-section, and sadly died just three days later.
In a heartbreaking tribute, Danielle's mum Barbara J Jackson wrote about her daughter's family on Facebook.
In the post, she said: "They had a little girl named Avery who looked just like her mother. They were happy and all very much in love.
"They bought a farm, started building a new home and started to expand their family with a little boy.
"She was happier than ever. Surrounded by love her belly grew. But then one day a black beast came upon her.
"Within days the beast ravaged her body, leaving her broken and failing.
"With her best friend by her side, she sacrificed herself to save her son, a beautiful tiny boy named Jake. Three days later she was gone."
(Photo: Facebook)
(Photo: Facebook)
Barbara added on the post on February 28: "My dearest Danielle was an amazing person. Smart. Witty. Loving.
"She died yesterday, held in her loving husbands arms when she slipped away.
"I will miss her calling me up saying Hi Mommy in a voice that always reminded me of that long ago little girl.
"If love could have saved her, she would have lived a hundred years."
A fundraising page was set up for Danielle's children, four-year-old Avery and baby Jake.
To donate, see: www.gofundme.com/help-officer-janofsky-his-kids
Barcelona set asking price for Ousmane Dembele
Who will make a move?
Barcelona v Espanyol - La Liga
The hottest kid from Barcelona in Ousmane Dembele could be sold if the asking price is met. This is claimed by the respected Spanish Journalist Eduardo Inda. There are a number of clubs in Europe who would like to pay that amount to land the young Frenchman, but what it is interesting is that a few days back an official statement from Barcelona came out which clearly stated that the club intends to invest in the winger's future.
So what has changed?
Dembele had a difficult first season after the dramatic move to Barcelona from Borussia Dortmund. A hamstring injury kept him out of action for three months. He struggled to make any impact on his return due to a lack of play time, Brazilian Philippe Coutinho's arrival and his own poor performances.
He only netted 3 goals in seventeen appearances for the Spanish giants, but that is not the reason why Barcelona are tempted to sell now. Barcelona is desperate to land Antoine Griezmann from Atletico Madrid this summer. They could end up paying €100m for the French forward, moreover, Barça has to raise cash to pay for Coutinho's sale.
They would need to offload a few players to raise cash but none are currently valued at a high price to make these transactions smooth. Financial fair play and ballooning wage bills are the reasons why Barcelona would like to let go of one of their prized assets this summer.
Likely Destination
Barcelona v Real Sociedad - La Liga
Liverpool manager Jürgen Klopp is a massive admirer of Dembele.
He wanted to sign the Frenchman when he was at Dortmund. In a recent press conference, when asked about Dembele's availability, he remarked "Is he available? Now I am interested."
Klopp is well aware that injuries to one of his wingers can put a break to his firepower during the season. Moreover, he needs more firepower in front to add variety with pace. Dembele fits the bill from all aspects in Klopp's style of play and vision and the German is reportedly keen on bringing Dembele on board.
If rumors are to be believed, Liverpool have made initial contacts for a loan option. It is not known if Barcelona will still want to invest in the player with high wages, though, a loan would certainly reduce the burden financially but will not possibly meet the immediate need for cash.
Spanish media's speculation on an outright sale at €100m has some merit, however, it remains to be seen if Klopp will go all the way to complete the deal as this would be another record signing for the club.
KIRKLAND, Wash., Aug. 14, 2017 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — The number of Americans ages 65 and older is on track to double — from 46 million now to over 98 million in 2060, when today's 20-somethings will be turning 65. At that time the 65-plus age group's share of the population will have jumped to 24-percent from 15-percent today. “Think of it,” says Denise Gott, CEO of ACSIA Partners, “one in four of us will be in the older group, at high risk of needing long-term care.”
The concerning statistics are from “Aging in the United States,” a study published by the Population Reference Bureau (PRB).
The proliferation of older Americans places a big burden right now on all breadwinners in their prime productive years (20 through 65), Gott asserts. According to the PRB, by 2030 there will be only 2.8 working-age adults for every person 65 and older, down from 5.0 in 2000.
Because of this, today's working-age citizens, now building our economy and their own economic futures, will be hit by a double-whammy, according to Gott.
The first part of the double-whammy has to do with one's aging parents. According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human services, almost three in four aging Americans will need some form of long-term care after 65. “For a working couple with two sets of parents, the odds of financial impact are very high,” says Gott, “if any of the parents lacks the resources for their own care.”
The second part of the double-whammy is that the younger couple may need long-term care services themselves at some point. “After dealing with mom and dad, they'll need to be ready to care for one another; or to pay professionals to do it.”
Long-term care services can be expensive, costing from tens of thousands to $100,000, $200,000 or even more per year, depending on location, type of services, and type of claim. Multiply that by the number of family members needing care, and the cost can become prohibitive.
But the financial impact extends beyond care costs. It often involves income loss from interrupted employment as well. According to a study by the MetLife Mature Market Institute, America's 10 million employed caregivers face $3 trillion in lifetime losses for missed pay, pensions, and social security. That amounts to $304,000 per worker (typically the female half of a young couple).
“Long-term care has always been expensive and a key cause of impoverishment in one's later years,” says Gott. “As America ages, the cost challenge promises to increase.”
What can be done about it?
“Forward-looking public policy would help,” says Gott. “But there's plenty people can do on their own.”
“The key is to develop a long-term care plan,” Gott continues. “It's especially important for today's younger, productive couples. It's the only way to control costs and head off avoidable threats to one's income, assets, lifestyle, and future.”
Long-term care planning can be done independently but Gott recommends consulting a licensed specialist. “The process is emotional and the options and pitfalls are vast. You need a calm, collected professional to hold your hand.”
ACSIA Partners has hundreds of state-certified long-term care specialists in all parts of the country. “They're glad to talk with consumers and business executives about any and all care-related concerns and actions, financial and otherwise,” says Gott. Specialists develop group plans for employers as well as individual plans for families.
ACSIA Partners LLC — https://www.acsiapartners.com — is one of America's largest and most experienced long-term care insurance agencies serving all states. The company is also a co-founder and sponsor of the “3in4 Need More” campaign, which encourages Americans to form a long-term care plan.
*LOGO for media: Send2Press.com/300dpi/17-0814-ACSIA-Partners-300dpi.jpg
News Source: ACSIA Partners LLC
To view the original post, visit: https://www.send2press.com/wire/longevity-alert-as-america-ages-long-term-care-costs-could-overwhelm-most-families-say-acsia-partners/.
This press release was issued by Send2Press® Newswire on behalf of the news source, who is solely responsible for its accuracy. www.send2press.com.
In the first of a three-part series examining the impact of dementia in the UK, Chris Bond talked to Brian Robinson who was diagnosed with the condition four years ago.
In November, dementia overtook heart disease as the leading cause of death in England and Wales. According to figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS), more than 61,000 people died of dementia last year – which equates to 11.6 per cent of all recorded deaths.
Support: Brian Robinson, who has dementia, and his wife Pauline. (James Hardisty).
The change is largely down to the fact that we have an ageing population. More people are living longer and deaths from some other causes, like heart disease, have gone down. Also, doctors have become better at diagnosing dementia and the condition is now given more emphasis on death certificates.
Nevertheless, it was a significant moment and a stark reminder that currently “no-one survives a diagnosis of dementia”, as Hilary Evans, chief executive of Alzheimer's Research UK, said recently.
At the same time, though, dementia is not an inevitable part of ageing. It's caused by diseases that can be fought through research and finding a breakthrough in this battle has arguably become the greatest medical challenge of our age.
But what is it like for those living with the condition and their families?
Brian Robinson was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia in 2013. This is a relatively uncommon form of dementia and is triggered by damage to the frontal lobe of the brain, but it's a significant cause of dementia in younger people, with most people diagnosed between the ages of 45 and 65.
Brian, from Leeds, was in his early 60s when he was given the devastating news that he was suffering from the disease. Since then his physical health has declined, his speech is a little slurred and he has problems with his short-term memory.
His wife Pauline says she first became alarmed after he passed out a couple of times on their sofa at home. She became increasingly concerned when one morning he had no recollection of getting to work.
“On this particular day he went to work, which usually took him 20 minutes but this time he couldn't remember leaving the house and getting to the school where he worked as a cleaner. Then he went wandering off and they brought him home.”
It precipitated a worrying decline in his health. “His memory went and he started forgetting things so we went to the doctors and they sent him for MRI scans and that's when he was diagnosed with dementia. It was a shock to us both and we cried a bit,” she says. “But we got through it,” adds Brian, tenderly.
The initial weeks and months after being told the devastating news was hard on them both. “I didn't lose my dignity but it meant I couldn't drive and to start with I wouldn't go outside because I felt embarrassed. I felt like a failure because if people looked at me they didn't see anything wrong with me,” says Brian.
“He was a hard-working man and suddenly he had to stop,” says Pauline. “I used to take him into town and I'd say, ‘it's nothing to be ashamed of you've got to walk with your head up because there are lots of people with dementia.'”
They put on a brave face but at times it's been an uphill struggle. “We just keep going, but he does forget things. The other night he got up and I said ‘where are you going?' And he said ‘I've got to wash the pots' and the next second he'd totally forgotten what he was doing.”
We are sat in a sunlit room at Armley Grange, a specialist day centre run by the Alzheimer's Society in Leeds which offers a community support service for younger people with dementia, including some still in their 40s.
Brian comes to the day centre four times a week though he still lives at home with Pauline. He sometimes gets stuck on words but he's still lucid and dementia hasn't been able to cloud over his sunny disposition.
He's been coming to Armley Grange for 18 months and says it's made a big difference to him. “Wherever I've gone I've always tried to make people laugh and what I like about it here is you can have a laugh and a joke. And if you ever get upset they'll have a little talk with you and you feel 10 times better.
“The staff here are wonderful. Here they treat you like a human being. They class everyone the same they don't just put you in a corner, they encourage you to do things.”
Since coming here he's taken up drawing, something he hadn't done before. “I've started doing art and they've put some of my artwork on the walls. I'm not great, but I'm learning and I enjoy it.”
The staff at the centre encourage Brian and other dementia sufferers to take part in activities. They play dominoes and cards and there's a jukebox, too. “I like my music, especially the 50s and 60s stuff, and we have sing-songs and it's great fun, they call me ‘the DJ,'” he says, laughing.
In the summer months Brian does a spot of gardening (he's growing potatoes) or he might join one of the day trips organised by the centre to a local museum, or park.
There are dark times, too, and after 43 years together this is not the retirement that Brian, who turned 66 last month, and Pauline would have wanted.
But their bravery, love and stoicism is an example to us all. “When you get any diagnosis you go through certain emotions, first of all it's denial then anger and then acceptance. The first six months were hard but when you feel supported you feel like you can move on,” says Pauline.
Together they, along with their daughter, as well as friends and the staff at Armley Grange, bring light to what is a dreadful situation. “I know I'm not going to get any better but I've gone through my pain,” says Brian. “I'm expecting to get worse, but I've got my family, what I call my little bubble.”
There are few words in the English language that strike such fear in people as ‘dementia' does. And with good reason. It is a harrowing condition, one that can rob people of their character while their families face the anguish of watching the person they love slowly disappear in front of them.
But at the same time there is support out there and in research centres up and down the country scientists are busy trying to halt the progress of this remorseless condition and one day, hopefully, stop it altogether.
What people like Brian and Pauline offer is a message of hope. “Once you get over the fact someone has dementia you find a way of coping. Brian does still do things, he's not just withering away.”
He nods in agreement. “When I was first diagnosed I sat in the corner and thought ‘that's it'. I was frightened. But now I'd say to people who have been diagnosed with dementia ‘don't be frightened, there is light at the end of the tunnel.
“You might be a bit slow but you've still got a brain, you're not useless. And you're not on your own, there is support out there... and once you realise that, that's when you start living.”
Dementia in numbers
According to research by the Alzheimer's Society more than 850,000 people in the UK have dementia.
It is estimated that 225,000 people will develop dementia this year, that's one every three minutes.
At present, one in six people over the age of 80 have dementia.
Alzheimer's disease accounts for 62 per cent of dementia cases.
Up to a quarter of hospital beds are occupied by people with dementia at any one time.
Two-thirds of the cost of dementia is paid by people with dementia and their families.
If anyone has any concerns about dementia they can go to alzheimers.org.uk to find their local branch or call the national helpline number which is 0300 222 11 22.
BELFAST, Ireland — Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has been released from Germany's World Cup qualifying squad to allow him to recover from a rib injury.
Kroos recently missed games for Madrid with the same injury but played in Germany's 3-1 win over Northern Ireland on Thursday, helping the team secure qualification for next year's tournament in Russia.
The German soccer federation says Kroos left the team hotel in Belfast on Friday morning in order to "fully heal."
Germany coach Joachim Loew says "we know what Toni can give us. When it comes down to it we can always rely on him. The deciding factor was that he is completely fit for next year."
Admit it, we've all done it at one point or another. There's always one or two words you're never sure how to spell, so what do you do?
Google it.
Well, we found a list of the most spell checked words on Google by each state including Texas.
Alabama: Cousin
Alaska: Veteran
Arizona: Beautiful
Arkansas: Beautiful
California: Beautiful
Colorado: Resume
Connecticut: Sincerely
Delaware: Decision
Washington, D.C.: Permanent
Florida: Hors d'oeuvre
Georgia: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Hawaii: Grateful
Idaho: Businesses
Illinois: Beautiful
Indiana: Beautiful
Iowa: Vacuum
Kansas: Consequences
Kentucky: Definitely
Louisiana: Favorite
Maine: Connecticut
Maryland: Canceled
Massachusetts: Beautiful
Michigan: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Minnesota: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Mississippi: Gray
Missouri: Sincerely
Montana: Tomorrow
Nebraska: Nocturnal
Nevada: Probably
New Hampshire: Subtle
New Jersey: Resume
New Mexico: Permanently
New York: Resume
North Carolina: Beautiful
North Dakota: Yacht
Ohio: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Oklahoma: Canceled
Oregon: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Pennsylvania: Schedule
Rhode Island: Dying
South Carolina: Beginning
South Dakota: Chaos
Tennessee: Schedule
Texas: Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
Video of Mary Poppins (1964) - "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" - Video/Lyrics
Utah: Beautiful
Vermont: Solution
Virginia: Beautiful
Washington: Beautiful
West Virginia: Apparel
Wisconsin: Beautiful
Wyoming: Fiancé
-source via people.com
After being nabbed by the FBI while leaving DefCon, the security researcher who singlehandedly neutralized the WannaCry malware attack earlier this year is back online. Marcus Hutchins, a.k.a. @malwaretech, appeared for his arraignment at a federal court in Wisconsin on Monday where he entered a not guilty plea and successfully argued that he should be allowed internet access. Hutchins faces six charges related to his alleged involvement in the Kronos banking malware in 2014.
Initially, Hutchins was prevented from going online after his arrest. In court today, Hutchins was granted nearly unfettered access to the internet, with the only stipulation being that he not access the “sinkhole” he created that stopped WannaCry. Naturally, he tweeted for the first time since his arrest, addressing his case and thanking his many supporters.
i'm still on trial, still not allowed to go home, still on house arrest; but now i am allowed online. Will get my computers back soon. — MalwareTech (@MalwareTechBlog) August 14, 2017
Things to do during defcon:
Attend parties
Visit red rock canyon
Go shooting
Be indicted by the FBI
Rent supercars — MalwareTech (@MalwareTechBlog) August 14, 2017
Notably, as the International Business Times reports, the government appeared to acknowledge that the case against Hutchins was “historical” in nature, suggesting that it no longer considers Hutchins a threat in a seeming acknowledgement of his role preventing the spread of more recent malware. That kind of language could bode well for his case.
Hutchins, a British citizen, will now be allowed to move around the U.S. freely and relocate to Los Angeles as he awaits his trial, which is set to begin on October 23.
Featured Image: ImageDB/Getty Images
Trudeau has conceded as much. In a year-end interview with The Canadian Press, Trudeau said he has dual responsibilities: on the one hand, to encourage a strong economic partnership, and the other, to stand up for his values. “In certain situations, it's to work in a very collaborative way. In other situations, it will be … very clear that we do not share the same values.”
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is watching Atletico Madrid brothers Lucas and Theo Hernandez, and plans for a £40m summer raid for the pair. The Catalan coach is a huge admirer of the defensive duo, and has been keeping tabs on them over the past six-months. (The Sun)
Tottenham have been told they will have to fork out £5m to sign on-loan Espanyol goalkeeper Pau Lopez on a permanent basis. (Daily Mirror)
Spurs are tracking Manchester United's French forward Anthony Martial and could offer him an escape from Old Trafford in the summer. (Daily Mirror)
Huddersfield forward Elias Kachunga is being watched by Everton, Watford and Middlesbrough ahead of a potential summer switch. (Daily Mirror)
Monaco right-back Fabinho has been in talks with Arsenal, Barcelona and both Manchester clubs, according to his father. (Sky Sports)
Manchester United stopped Marcus Rashford from going out on loan in January. West Ham and Sevilla wanted the sign the talented youngster, but the Red Devils rejected both offers. (The Times)
Inter Milan's new Chinese owners are ready to offer Chelsea boss Antonio Conte a £13m-a-year salary and a £350m transfer kitty to rebuild the Italian giants. (Daily Mirror)
Liverpool are lining up a £20million bid for Bayer Leverkusen winger Julian Brandt. (Liverpool Echo)
Antoine Griezmann's image advisor Sebastien Bellencontre says a move to Manchester United would be “ideal”. (So Foot)
West Ham target Nikola Kalinic could leave Fiorentina for Chinese Super League Tianjin Quanjian in the summer. (La Nazione)
Man United goalkeeper David de Gea is reportedly set to go from £200,000-a-week to £300,000-a-week after politely asking for a pay-rise, reminding his bosses that Spanish giants Real Madrid are still sniffing about. (The Guardian)
Do you like to watch football? How about the biggest game of the year — which happens on February 4 (aka this Sunday)? If yes to either of these, then you're in luck: I can tell you how to get the most out of the experience via connected smart home tech, gadgets and AV equipment. Set “indulge” mode to MAX.
The TV
There are plenty of TV options out there for your viewing pleasure, but the one that takes the cake in my opinion is the Sony Bravia A1E 65-inch 4K OLED HDR Smart TV. Why? Because it's the smartest television around, in terms of how it makes use of tech, and that goes way beyond its Android TV-based OS (though that's nice, too).
Part of the smarts come from Sony's X1 chip, which is a dedicated image processor in the television that's responsible for its unbeatable upscaling prowess. I immediately noticed that no matter the source resolution of the content I was playing on the Sony TV, the picture looked far, far better than it did anywhere else. Sony says this is because it's using the chip to rebuild the image pixel-by-pixel, and using a reference library of thousands of 4K images taken from Sony's extensive library of film and TV studio content to do that rebuilding intelligently, instead of just having to take a guess based on surrounding pixels, as other TV makers do.
The X1 also helps out with the unique in-panel speaker that Sony uses on this television, which literally turns the entire surface of the TV into an audio output device. It helps positionally track faces on the screen, so that when people speak, including from your favorite sideline commentators, their voices actually seem to be coming from their mouths. It's so good, you might want to opt for that instead of your surround system, but more on that below.
Ultimately, this isn't the cheapest TV out there (even among OLED models) but its picture quality is unmatched thanks to Sony's tech, especially if you're using a streaming signal (like the free one NBC is making available this year for watching the game).
The remote
A good setup needs a good remote, and the Logitech Harmony Companion paired with the Harmony Hub is pretty much exactly what you need for smart home control, including AV equipment like the TV above, as well as various smart devices like those listed below.
Logitech's whole Harmony lineup is good for this, but the Harmony Companion + Hub bundle has the advantage of being full-featured and capable, while also not breaking the bank. The Hub is key for making sure all your smart home devices can be controlled (including via Google Assistant through Android running on the Sony TV, or also via Alexa), and the Companion remote is an uncomplicated affair, without the power draw of an integrated display, but with a bunch of flexibility thanks to being able to assign different activities to long and short presses of the various activity buttons.
It ships with not only the Hub, but also two IR extenders in the box, which make it easy to establish setups for both open- and closed-cabin AV stack installations. Setup of the software and app is also super easy, and can be done entirely on your smartphone — which becomes another controller using the app, too.
The lights
Philips Hue is still the smart light brand to beat, in my opinion, and they work great with Google Assistant, as well as Alexa and the Harmony remote. You can easily brighten the room with a voice command for when you're taking a break for wings or nachos, and then darken the room again when halftime's over and the main show is once again the focus of everyone's attention.
Using stuff like IFTTT, or even preset smart device scenes with Google Assistant, you can trigger different lighting for different events — like color-coded touchdowns, for instance.
The speakers
As mentioned above, the Sony Bravia OLED TV has speakers integrated into its screen surface that sound amazing, and work great with things like sports and commentary, but if you want to add a little more connected magic to the mix, there are a couple of good options in this category.
Sonos speakers are a great addition to a home theater, especially if you're already invested in the system. You can craft a home theater sound setup using their Playbase and Playbar, and add a subwoofer for bass, too. But if you're already super committed to Google Assistant and Chromecast (which is built-in to the TV), you can also pick up Riva's Festival and Arena speakers, which have Chromecast features built in.
The benefit of that is that you can set them up in group and have the game-day audio broadcast around the house: That way, even in the kitchen or the bathroom, you're still going to be able to hear all the action as it goes down. And again, you can control all this using voice commands with your TV remote or smartphone.
The post-game game
Once the game is done, or if you're not interested in watching Justin Timberlake perform at halftime, the best way to occupy that time is to virtually experience your own Super Bowl at home by firing up Madden 18 on the big screen. The Xbox One X version is fully set for 4K HDR displays, so it's the perfect pairing if you're using the TV above or another one with those resolution and quality capabilities.
Featured Image: Getty Images
The Federal Urdu University of Arts, Science and Technology (FUUAST) on Friday announced that claimed lists of admission to the Bachelor and Masters (Morning and Evening programs) has been issued. The second claim list of admission to morning program and first claim list of admission to evening program have been issued, said FUUAST Admission Director Dr. Muhammad Arshad Tanvir in a statement.
All candidates are advised to get the voucher from institution and submitted it along with admission and semester fees from February 6 to 9. Those candidates whose names are enlisted in the first admission list of Bachelor and Masters (evening program), now they can submit the admission fees by February 9.
All the students are advised to submit admission fees and admission form on Form-D by February 9.— APP
Related
With its lollipop stripes and cosy village vibe, Beach Huts Middleton in South Australia's Victor Harbour might just be the cutest seaside stay you've ever seen. I have driven up and down Victor Harbor searching for beach huts that are not really near the beach several times now, before I finally locate them in a quiet backstreet.
Our hastily booked end-of-holiday accommodation choices have been somewhat daggy up to this point, so as I traverse the gravel approach at Beach Huts Middleton, in South Australia's Fleurieu Peninsula, I am hoping for the best. I'm feeling more confident after entering the reception area, with its curated selection of South Australian wines and stylish interiors pieces for sale. And the nearby restaurant, with its al fresco deck looks good too. We could be onto a winner. Twelve cute lolly-hued beach huts (all paying deference to the most iconic beaches in the country, from Mooloolaba to Portsea to Bondi) are gathered around a lawn and pretty village green, with the Village Hall as its hub.
Our hut is the blue-and-white-striped Henley, named after Adelaide's Henley Beach, which is apt given it was my mother's childhood home in the 1930s and '40s. Like its neighbours, the entrance is framed with neat bargeboard and finial, with a welcoming deck and comfortable looking chairs at the ready.
Inside, it's all minimalist beachy chic – rustic wood floors and vintage oars mounted on the walls – with space used to the maximum, while in the neat little kitchenette there's a bottle of local sparkling (Currency Creek) by way of welcome. The holiday-paced ebb and flow of daily life here revolves around the Village Hall, a cosy communal area where guests come to sit at the large kitchen table, choose beach reads from the bookshelves, and rifle through the cricket bats and tennis rackets. Games of bocce are played between rain showers, with everyone piling back into the hall to play old fashioned board games over a cup of tea until the skies clear. In the morning the noise of the Southern Ocean leads me on a five-minute walk to the windswept beach. I busy myself taking mental note of the extent and variety of local birdlife (I stop counting at 12 species), before wandering back. Day trips are plentiful: to Granite Island near Victor Harbor to catch the horse-drawn tram; shopping the boutiques and galleries of Port Elliot. But ultimately the beach huts are too cute to leave and easy to return to, time and time again I suspect.
Equality Texas warns that this might not be a very good week for equality in the Texas.
While several bills — including the heinous bathroom bill — have been sent to the State Affairs Committee, where, usually, bills are sent to die, several that have passed the Senate are getting hearings in the House of Representatives where they could pass.
A replacement bill for SB 6 — HB2899 — will be heard in the State Affairs committee on Wednesday and Equality Texas urges anyone who is available to be in Austin that day for the hearing. The bill would invalidate local non-discrimination laws, such as those in place in Dallas, Fort Worth and Plano. Sexual orientation was first added to Dallas city code in 1993 for city employees.
More from Equality Texas:
Religious Refusal by child welfare agencies
On Wednesday, April 12, the House State Affairs committee voted out HB 3859, a religious refusal bill that would provide child welfare providers the right to refuse to service clients if doing so conflicts with a “sincerely held religious belief”. The bill is currently being considered by the House Calendars Committee, which will meet next week to discuss placing on the general floor calendar.
Religious Refusal
On Tuesday by a vote of 21-10, the Texas Senate voted out SB 522, a religious refusal bill that would allow clerks to discriminate and refuse to issue marriage licenses based on a “sincerely held religious belief”. Like many of the religious refusal bills filed in the legislature this session, SB 522 radically redefines religious liberty in Texas and seeks to use religion as another way to discriminate against same-sex couples. Sen. Sylvia Garcia said this about SB 522:“Each county clerk and judge in Texas said they would ‘faithfully fulfill their duties and follow the laws of this state and this country so help me God' and that includes their duties to process eligible marriage certificates for same-sex couples.”
SB 522 now moves to the House, where it has not yet been referred to a committee.
Also in the legislature:
Sanctuary Cities
In addition, SB4, the sanctuary cities bill, cleared committee with this ominous provision: Local police would be deputized as federal immigration law officers and leaders could be jailed for up to a year for failing to assist federal immigration.
At the Mega March, County Judge Clay Jenkins spoke and said our police are already short-staffed and overworked. Their job is to protect the public by fighting crime and no one — not victims or witnesses — should be afraid to call police because of fear of deportation.
Sheriff Lupe Valdez, a target of this bill, said she has cooperated with federal immigration officials when someone in Dallas County custody has a criminal record.
And for the record, Texas has no sanctuary cities.
Comments (powered by FaceBook)
LAHORE, Aug 13 (APP): Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General
Qamar Javed Bajwa on Sunday at 12:00am hoisted the world's 8th
largest and South Asia's largest flag at Wagha Border on the eve
of the 70th Independence Day.
The flag was hoisted on a 400-feet pole whereas
the size of the flag is 120 feet by 80 feet.
The flag has been made entirely in Pakistan, and is
the highest flag in South Asia and the 8th highest in
the world.
The flag was hoisted in a park adjacent to Wagha Border.
This is the exact place where the national flag was hoisted
for the first time after Pakistan came in to existence.
Our Correspondent
Mardan
Sabir Mayar, a suspect who was declared a proclaimed offender by an anti-terrorism court in the Mashal Khan murder case, surrendered before Mardan police on Monday.
Mayar presented himself before the police on Monday after absconding for nearly 11 months, District Police Officer (DPO) Mian Saeed told media. A joint investigation team (JIT) formed to probe Mashal's murder had said in its report that Mayar, who was the president of the Pakhtun Students Federation (PSF), had allegedly planned Mashal's murder over blasphemy allegations in connivance with others.
According to DPO Saeed, police had conducted many raids to arrest Mayar, but remained unsuccessful in its attempts. The accused has now been taken into police custody. With Mayar's surrender, 60 of the 61 suspects nominated in the case have been arrested including Arif Khan, a primary suspect and Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) tehsil councillor who was arrested earlier this month.
Only one nominated suspect, Asad Katlang — a university employee — remains to be arrested in the murder case. DPO Saeed said the absconding suspect will be apprehended soon. Mashal, a student of mass communication at Mardan's Abdul Wali Khan University (AWKU), was lynched by a mob of students, university staff and outsiders on April 13 last year after he was wrongly alleged to have committed blasphemy.
An Abbottabad ATC last month sentenced the man who shot Mashal, Imran Ali, death sentence on two counts. Five other accused were given multiple terms of life imprisonment, and 25 were handed down jail sentences.
KLC
WICHITA–The Kansas Leadership Center (KLC) is offering up to 1,200 spots for up to 35 organizations. Each grant is valued at up to $50,000 worth of leadership training and support in 2018 and covers 100 percent tuition for any of the three core leadership trainings in 2018.
You Lead Now – a 2.5-day introduction to KLC's leadership framework centered on your own challenge to help you lead more effectively.
Lead for Change – a 2-part, 7-day extensive leadership training designed to help you create lasting culture change within your organization or community, while providing you 1:1 support from a KLC coach.
Equip to Lead – a 2-day training designed to help you teach, facilitate and incorporate leadership ideas into any context.
Click here to learn more and to apply.
Printer friendly RFP.
The Kansas Leadership Center (KLC) is a non-profit organization committed to fostering leadership for stronger, healthier and more prosperous Kansas communities. We are generously funded and supported by a core operating grant from the Kansas Health Foundation. This allows us to provide first-class leadership training opportunities to organizations and civic entities interested in having more people skilled in exercising leadership.
Since 2007, KLC has trained more than 7,500 from all over the world. Although our roots in our home state are deep, our reach spreads beyond state borders. People visit us from as far away as Australia, India, Saudi Arabia and Ireland along with countless states across America.
Since launching the Leadership Transformation Grant, KLC has awarded grants to around 100 Kansas organizations.
The word “addiction” brings to mind alcohol and drugs. Yet, over the past 20 years, a new type of addiction has emerged: addiction to social media.
It may not cause physical harms, such as those caused by tobacco and alcohol, but it has the potential to cause long-term damage to our emotions, behaviour and relationships.
While the older generation – those born in the baby boom period shortly after World War II – had alcohol and drugs as their vice, the younger generation – the so-called millenials – have social media as theirs.
The millennials, born between 1984 and 2005, have embraced the digital age, using technology to relax and interact with others. Social media is a big deal for them; it is a lifeline to the outside world.
Although people of all ages use social media, it is more harmful for younger users than it is for older people.
All consuming
Addiction may seem a bit of a strong word to use in the context of social media, but addiction refers to any behaviour that is pleasurable and is the only reason to get through the day. Everything else pales into insignificance. Millennials may not get liver damage or lung cancer from social media, but it can be damaging nonetheless.
The harm lies in their change in behaviour. Their addiction means spending increasing amount of time online to produce the same pleasurable effect, and it means social media is the main activity they engage in above all others. It also means taking away attention from other tasks, experiencing unpleasant feelings from reducing or stopping interaction with social media and restarting the activity very soon after stopping completely.
We should also be concerned about the effect of social media on sleep and doing less “offline”, such as making time for work responsibilities and direct face-to-face social interaction. It has also been linked to depression and loneliness, both of which may be the cause or the effect of social media addiction.
Millennials report compulsively checking social network proﬁles and updates. They can make riskier decisions and be open to online exploitation. They often mistakenly believe that, if things go wrong, they will get help from their online community, even if this community consists of relative strangers.
Lacking self-reflection
Most of us rely partly on the ability to reflect on our thinking, feeling and behaving to form our own self-image. The problem with social media is that self-image relies mainly on others and their opinions. A recent study found higher narcissism (an exaggerated self-image of intelligence, academic reputation or attractiveness) in millennial college students, compared with previous generations. This does not bode well for a society where self-reflection is key to making informed and balanced decisions.
The digital age has changed the nature of addictions in millennials, who have replaced one maladaptive behaviour with another. Social media certainly looks as if it has replaced alcohol as a way of social interaction with others. It is perhaps no surprise that, over the past ten years, there has been a 20% rise in the proportion of 16 to 24-year-olds who are teetotal. Ten years ago it was 17%. It is now 24%. Spending time online now seems more desirable than spending time in a pub with friends.
There is no recognised treatment for social media addiction. Although we are starting to become aware of the problem, there is no classification of social media addiction as a mental disorder in the same way as substance misuse. If we want this to happen, there needs to be a clearer definition of the symptoms and progression over time. We will need to answer some key questions, such as: does it run in families? Are there blood tests that can distinguish it from other mental disorders? And will it respond to drugs or psychological therapies? We still have more questions than answers.
* Tony Rao is Visiting Lecturer in Old Age Psychiatry, King's College London
This article originally appeared on theconversation.com
Deported Migrant Waits Anxiously To Be Reunited With His Daughter A Guatemalan farmer and his young daughter were apprehended crossing the border illegally and were separated. Six weeks later, he's been deported and his daughter remains in a New York shelter.
Deported Migrant Waits Anxiously To Be Reunited With His Daughter Latin America Deported Migrant Waits Anxiously To Be Reunited With His Daughter Deported Migrant Waits Anxiously To Be Reunited With His Daughter Audio will be available later today. A Guatemalan farmer and his young daughter were apprehended crossing the border illegally and were separated. Six weeks later, he's been deported and his daughter remains in a New York shelter. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
A Mid-Michigan transportation company is facing scrutiny for allegedly operating without a license.
Now it faces accusations of fraud.
TV5 first started investigating All Night Affair back in April. The company is owned by Buena Vista Township Treasurer Desmond Bibbs.
TV5 discovered the company lost its license to operate in September 2016.
Now a senior center claims the company stole their money.
"This is a man that I don't think is a very good businessman," said Marlene Hart, member of the Chesaning Senior Center.
Hart said she and the members of the center are devastated after paying for a ride that never showed up.
The Young at Heart Club organized a trip to Frankenmuth last November. They paid $500 to the charter bus company All Night Affair.
The plan was for everybody to meet at the Chesaning Senior Center. Members said they were beyond disappointed when that bus never showed up.
"Come November the 30th, everybody was ready for the trip. We were sitting around waiting and the bus never showed up," said Rosemary Newcomb, secretary.
Newcomb said they have made numerous attempts to contact the owner of the bus company, but have not been successful in getting their money back.
"At first we were getting some response and saying 'oh, we'll take care of it. We'll take care of you,' and nothing was done," Newcomb said.
She said because of that they are out $500.
"The check was cashed the day after the trip was supposed to have been taken place, which didn't," Newcomb said.
Newcomb provided TV5 with that check, which was made out to All Night Affair, along with other documentation including the club's initial contract with All Night Affair and a complaint to the Better Business Bureau.
TV5 has made several attempts to contact Bibbs, but have not been successful.
As for the club, they said $500 is a lot of money to them and they just want it back.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
STANFORD, Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for his final year of eligibility.
Travis said Wednesday that he decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish his career at another school. Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer.
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice. He ranks seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds. He ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring (19.5 points per game) and rebounding (8.7 rpg).
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had his medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May.
HARDWICK - Peter Krasinski will be playing for two audiences when he brings the Old Stone Church's pipe organ to life during a silent film festival on Friday.
With a wink to those sitting in the pews and a nod to church founders who sat there nearly a century-and-a-half ago, Krasinski will play along to three silent films.
Friends of the Stone Church is presenting three masterpieces from the silent era of movies - "The Boat," "The Red Balloon," and "Grandma's Boy." With no recorded dialogue, the only sound will be coming from the historic Johnson & Son tracker organ that Krasinski will be playing. Some of the music comes from an original score, while the rest is from his imagination, inspired in part by the church itself.
"I really enjoy getting to know a space really well, walking around without anybody else in it and feeling the vibe. I think about who was here all those years ago, who would have listened to this organ over 100 years ago. I wonder what they would want to hear if they were here now," says Krasinski. "I'm almost playing for them as well as the people who are there."
With blockbuster Hollywood productions featuring awards for acting, special effects, and sound, it is unimaginable to some that movie classics used to be silent. The Old Stone Church's film festival reprises a time when the only sound came from a recorded music track or live musical performance.
Krasinski's performance is improvised as he watches along with audience and conveys what he feels.
"I'm actually enjoying the community event with the audience and therefore, their moods and feelings become part of my playing. It becomes an organic experience for everybody. But the movie is always in charge," says Krasinski.
Krasinski enjoys living in the modern age when movie epics can be seen on a 4-inch smart phone. An encore performance, though, of the silent movie era speaks volumes about the enduring attraction of "silent pictures."
"What's great about a public performance is that sense of community that simply can not be replicated even in your living room with a big screen television," he says. "When you get a whole bunch of strangers in a room to share a story together, that's timeless. It's an amazing moment when you have a human being next to you sharing a story."
The film festival showcases family movies. The total run time for all three movies is just over two hours, with a brief intermission between the second and third films.
Alpha Male XL often offer a signal in regions where a telephone turned into unusable before. The FCC recently started out attention of a ability ban of cellular cellphone sign boosters in response to a carrier company�s request. This request became finished quietly with out an awful lot public discussion. A signal booster that isn't synthetic properly can overload a mobile tower, reducing off many if not all different http://jackedmuscleextremeadvice.com/alpha-male-xl/
From Deep In The Iraqi Desert, A New U.S. Fire Base Targets ISIS In Syria
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jane Arraf/NPR Jane Arraf/NPR
As U.S. military bases go, Um Jurius isn't much to look at: a collection of armored vehicles, makeshift wooden benches covered with camouflage netting and groups of tents pitched in the sand.
The fire base has sprung up in the past month in the northern Iraqi desert, just over a mile from the Syrian border. At the request of the Iraqi government, U.S. artillery here targets ISIS fighters who have fled from Iraq to Syria.
"They're pursuing any ISIS elements so they can't regroup and present a threat," Maj. Gen. Walter Piatt says of the Iraqi and Syrian forces the U.S. is backing.
Piatt, the deputy commander for U.S. forces in Iraq, has brought NPR for a look at the remote base in Nineveh province, an example of the shifting role of the U.S. military in a conflict where 130,000 American troops once served in combat. The soldiers and Marines here are among the roughly 5,000 U.S. troops still in Iraq, as they focus primarily on training and advising Iraqi forces.
To reach the base, Black Hawk helicopters leave from another U.S. military base in Irbil, the Iraqi Kurdish capital, and fly over Mosul, the Iraqi city where ISIS declared a caliphate four years ago and intended to erase the borders of Iraq and Syria. Last year, Iraqi forces drove ISIS out of Mosul, after nine months of what U.S. commanders described as the fiercest urban warfare since World War II.
The helicopters fly along Mount Sinjar, straddling Iraq and Syria, where hundreds of thousands of Yazidis fled four years ago to try to escape ISIS genocide.
An hour later, as the choppers land in the desert at Um Jurius, they kick up a pale, fine-grained sand that hangs in the air and settles like powder.
For the past month, about 150 soldiers and Marines have been deployed at Um Jurius from Fort Hood, Texas, and Twentynine Palms, Calif. The base, shared by U.S. and Iraqi forces, is called a fire base because it provides artillery fire support for ground troops — in this case, Iraqi and U.S.-backed Syrian forces.
Few of the U.S. soldiers at the base are aware of what happened a few miles away four years ago, when ISIS killed thousands of Yazidis and forced thousands of women into sexual slavery. The plight of the Yazidis, members of a terrorized religious minority trapped with no food or water after they escaped to Mount Sinjar, helped bring the U.S. into the war against ISIS in 2014.
"The big picture, I think, we're just trying to take care of destroying the enemy – trying to support the Iraqis and Syrians as they fight ISIS," says Sgt. Jason Powell from the 4th squadron 3rd Cavalry Regiment.
Powell, from Louisville, Ky., and his crew take their positions in front of a howitzer, a huge artillery gun facing in the direction of Syria.
The targets are requested by a forward spotter and, after other checks to make sure they are legitimate, Powell receives instructions on his tablet computer on the type of shells and charges needed.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jane Arraf/NPR Jane Arraf/NPR
"We've been out 27 days and we've shot about 30 times out here — most of it is terrain denial," says Powell, referring to blowing up avenues of approach such as bridges or other territory to prevent ISIS from re-entering. The U.S. military says it takes care to avoid civilian casualties.
The field artillery soldiers never see the targets they are firing at, more than 10 miles away.
It's the first deployment for many of these soldiers.
"You train, train, train, and then you actually get to do some combat — that's priceless experience," says Lt. Aaron Palumbo, a platoon leader from Orlando, Fla.
Out in the desert with no Internet or TV, in a camp they essentially built themselves, the men have bonded.
Pvt. Luis Villegas, 20, emigrated to the U.S. from Mexico. He'd wanted to join the U.S. army since he was 15 because "there was honor in it," he says.
"I believe that if I serve with these men right here, right next to me, I'm going to learn many things that will help me in the future," he says. "Love. Love — that's the primary thing, and to value friendship and the people I have around me."
Another U.S. soldier, originally from the Philippines, has served six previous military deployments in Iraq.
As Piatt walks around, Iraqi soldiers and officers who share the base stop to take selfies and other photos with him.
"I always like to work with the Americans because they are very accurate," says Iraqi Army Maj. Ahsan Ali, who greets Piatt with a snappy salute after shouting out his own name, rank and army unit. "And of course, there is friendship between us."
On the Iraqi side of the base, artillery from the former Yugoslavia sits next to U.S.-manufactured, self-propelled artillery left by American forces when they pulled out of Iraq in 2011.
Patchwork arms deals, some of them suspected to result from corruption, have left Iraqi forces with an array of equipment that is not always complementary. Keeping it all running requires ingenuity.
"This 9th Division of the Iraqi army is one of the best divisions I've ever seen for maintenance," says Piatt. "The soldiers know how to fix things and they will actually repair the parts in order to get things fixed."
Heavy losses in three years of fighting ISIS included 40 percent dead or wounded in some Iraqi units, and Iraqi security forces are now trying to regroup and rebuild.
"The fight against ISIS is almost finished, but there are still pockets of them," says Iraqi Col. Mohammed Abed. "We are helping the Syrian Democratic Forces because the same terrorists are in Syria and Iraq."
U.S. Marines from the 3rd Battalion 7th Marine Regiment protect the base and are responsible for maintaining contact with other security forces in the area.
Nineveh province, which includes Mosul and nearby Sinjar, is the most diverse in Iraq. U.S.-backed Syrian Defense Forces and Syrian Kurdish fighters are battling ISIS across the border in Syria. The Iraqi side includes Yazidi forces and Iranian-backed paramilitaries that are now part of the Iraqi security forces.
"By reaching out and building a relationship with them, it helps them understand that we are all part of one team — defeating ISIS — and it helps them feel much more comfortable and much more willing to work with us," says Marine Capt. Chase Kelley.
He says he regularly meets with Iraqi and Yazidi commanders and talk to the paramilitary leaders by phone.
On the Marine side of the base, a few paperbacks lie on a homemade wooden table.
Lt. Paul Brown, from Palo Alto, Calif., is reading The Power of Habit, to learn tips on operating more efficiently.
"We've made this place a home, so we're very happy with what we've built," says Powell, 27, pointing to showers and a water cooler they've rigged up.
On the Iraqi side, there is a live sheep, destined for dinner. The Americans get by on packaged MREs — the military's Meals Ready-to-Eat. The most popular are chicken chunks and chicken stew. Sgt. Douglas Robert Moran, from Sparta, N.J., says his favorite is elbow macaroni with cheese. "It brings you back home — you know what I'm saying?" says Moran, 23.
There are scorpions here, and flesh-eating camel spiders the size of a human hand that get into the tents at night. There is no air conditioning. The troops don't seem to mind.
"It's very, very hot — I'd say about 110, but it cools off to the 80s or 90s at night," says Powell. "At night, you can really see all the stars."
The soldiers often play cards with Iraqi soldiers in the evening. Some of them play chess.
And the American soldiers and Marines meet to play their own form of baseball. It's likely what they'll do on the Fourth of July.
"We got a few baseballs out here and we take the handle from a pickaxe and set bases up and have a good time," says Army Pvt. Clayton Mogensen, 22. "It boosts morale when we're not training."
The province has launched a program to provide emergency financial assistance to eligible small businesses through the Red Cross.
BC is making a $1,500 emergency grant available to eligible small businesses, First Nations whose livelihood is based on cultural practices, and not-for-profit organizations that are located in areas that have been under an evacuation order or alert.
Minister of Forests Doug Donaldson says it's in response to the devastation from the wildfires and says many businesses will be feeling the economic hit for a long time.
“This is an unprecedented wildfire season that has been very challenging for all those involved, including small businesses in the impacted areas,” Donaldson said. “Coming from a rural area and as minister responsible for rural development, I know the important role small businesses play in rural communities. As a government, we'll ensure we have the necessary programs in place to support recovery.”
Donaldson says the money is coming from the 100 million dollars provided to the Red Cross earlier this summer.
He says they'll be making adjustments to the eligibility criteria as required.
Eligibility has also been extended to areas directly impacted by closures along:
* Highway 20;
* Highway 97, south of Prince George to areas covered by evacuation alerts;
* Highway 26 to Barkerville; and,
* eastern Cariboo Regional District communities of Horsefly and Likely.
Applicants must have:
* 50 employees or fewer,
* been in operation on or before July 7, 2017,
* been financially impacted as a result of the 2017 B.C. wildfires,
* a net income of less than $250,000 per year,
* resumed or are intending to resume operations as soon as possible.
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Asian Study Group – Comparative Cultures Club would organize a spiritual musical evening with an all-women spiritual music group from Gilgit-Baltistan led by the vocalist Mehrangez Mir at Lok Virsa Media centre on December 15.
The group will perform a variety of musical genres, including Ginan, with lyrics mostly written by the acclaimed Hunzai poet, Allama Nasir-al-Din. They use traditional Burushaski musical instruments like Duf and Rubab. The group's music transcends linguistic and cultural boundaries.
It is a unique practice of oral renditions that portray their tradition of following the ‘path of truth' (Satpanthi) through which the inner meaning of faith (batin) can be understood. However, some Ginans are also written from the perspective of a woman who has been waiting with desire to be re-united with her beloved.
The session will begin with a conversation with Mehrangez Mir, followed by a musical performance by the entire group.
The musical evening would be attended by a large number of people from different walks of life.
The recent Facebook-Cambridge Analytica chaos has ignited a fire of awareness, bringing the risks of today's data surveillance culture to the forefront of mainstream conversations.
This episode and the many disturbing prospects it has emphasized have forcefully awakened a sleeping giant: people seeking information about their privacy settings and updating their apps permissions, a “Delete Facebook” movement has taken off and the FTC launched an investigation into Facebook, causing Facebook's stocks to drop. A perfect storm.
The Facebook-Cambridge Analytica debacle is composed of pretty simple facts: Users allowed Facebook to collect personal information, and Facebook facilitated third-party access to the information. Facebook was authorized to do that pursuant to its terms of service, which users formally agreed to but rarely truly understood. The Cambridge Analytica access was clearly outside the scope of what Facebook, and most of its users, authorized. Still, this story has turned into an iconic illustration of the harms generated by massive data collection.
While it is important to discuss safeguards for minimizing the prospects of unauthorized access, the lack of consent is the wrong target. Consent is essential, but its artificial quality has been long-established. We already know that our consent is, more often than not, meaningless beyond its formal purpose. Are people really raging over Facebook failing to detect the uninvited guest who crashed our personal information feast when we've never paid attention to the guest list? Yes, it is annoying. Yes, it is wrong. But it is not why we feel that this time things went too far.
In their 2008 book, “Nudge,” Cass Sunstein and Richard Thaler coined the term “choice architecture.” The idea is simple and pretty straightforward: the design of the environments in which people make decisions influences their choices. Kids' happy encounters with candies in the supermarket are not serendipitous: candies are commonly located where children can see and reach them.
Tipping options in restaurants are usually tripled because individuals tend to go with the middle choice, and you must exit through the gift shop because you might be tempted to buy something on your way out. But you probably knew that already because choice architecture has been here since the dawn of humanity and is present in any human interaction, design and structure. The term choice architecture is 10 years old, but choice architecture itself is way older.
The Facebook-Cambridge Analytica mess, together with many preceding indications before it, heralds a new type of choice architecture: personalized, uniquely tailored to your own individual preferences and optimized to influence your decision.
We are no longer in the familiar zone of choice architecture that equally applies to all. It is no longer about general weaknesses in human cognition. It is also not about biases that are endemic to human inferences. It is not about what makes humans human. It is about what makes you yourself.
When the information from various sources coalesces, the different segments of our personality come together to present a comprehensive picture of who we are. Personalized choice architecture is then applied to our datafied curated self to subconsciously nudge us to choose one course of action over another.
The soft spot at which personalized choice architecture hits is that of our most intimate self. It plays on the dwindling line between legitimate persuasion and coercion disguised as voluntary decision. This is where the Facebook-Cambridge Analytica story catches us — in the realization that the right to make autonomous choices, the basic prerogative of any human being, might soon be gone, and we won't even notice.
Some people are quick to note that Cambridge Analytica did not use the Facebook data in the Trump campaign and many others question the effectiveness of the psychological profiling strategy. However, none of this matters. Personalized choice architecture through microtargeting is on the rise, and Cambridge Analytica is not the first nor the last to make successful use of it.
Jigsaw, for example, a Google -owned think tank, is using similar methods to identify potential ISIS recruits and redirect them to YouTube videos that present a counter-narrative to ISIS propaganda. Facebook itself was accused of targeting at-risk youth in Australia based on their emotional state. The Facebook-Cambridge Analytica story may have been the first high profile-incident to survive numerous news cycles, but many more are sure to come.
We must start thinking about the limits of choice architecture in the age of microtargeting. Like any technology, personalized choice architecture can be used for good and evil: It may identify individuals at risk and lead them to get help. It could motivate us into reading more, exercising more and developing healthy habits. It could increase voter turnout. But when misused or abused, personalized choice architecture can turn into a destructive manipulative force.
Personalized choice architecture can frustrate the entire premise behind democratic elections — that it is we, the people, and not a choice architect, who elect our own representatives. But even outside the democratic process, unconstrained personalized choice architecture can turn our personal autonomy into a myth.
Systematic risks such as those induced by personalized choice architecture would not be solved by people quitting Facebook or dismissing Cambridge-Analytica's strategies.
Personalized choice architecture calls for systematic solutions that involve a variety of social, economic, technical, legal and ethical considerations. We cannot let individual choice die out in the hands of microtargeting. Personalized choice architecture must not turn into nullification of choice.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 17 (APP): The present management of National
Accountability Bureau (NAB), during its almost two and half years
tenure, has recovered Rs 45 billion from corrupt elements and
deposited in national exchequer.
The number of complaints, inquiries and investigations have
also become almost double as compared to same period of 2015.
The comparative figures for the latest two and half years are
indicative of hard work being put in by all ranks of NAB staff in
an atmosphere of renewed energy and dynamism where fight against
corruption is being taken as a national duty.
Increase in the number of complaints also reflects enhanced
public trusted in the Bureau.
A document highlighting the initiatives taken by present
management to revamp the Bureau and eradicate corruption on Monday
showed that NAB under leadership of its Chairman, Qamar Zaman
Chaudhry had chalked out a comprehensive and proactive strategy of
Awareness, Prevention and Enforcement.
The purpose of NAB's efforts is to root out corruption from
the country and make all public and private institutions to serve
general public on merit, having no complaint of `bribe or greed'
against them from public.
NAB's prime focus is on cases of cheating public at large by
fraudulent financial companies, bank frauds, willful bank loan
defaults, misuse of authority and embezzlement of state funds by
government servants etc.
Since its inception, one of NAB's major achievements has been
recovery of around Rs. 287 billion of ill-gotten money which was
deposited in national exchequer.
NAB has established its first Forensic Science Lab (FSL)
in Rawalpindi which has facilities of Digital Forensics, Questioned
Documents and Fingerprint Analysis. NAB has rationalized its
workload and timelines have been prescribed for efficient, effective
and expeditious disposal of cases putting a maximum limit of 10
months – from complaint verification-to-inquiry-to-investigation
and finally to a reference in Accountability Court.
NAB has also introduced a new System of Combine Investigation
Team (CIT) in order to benefit from experience and collective wisdom
of senior supervisory officers, a system of CIT comprising Director,
Additional Director, Investigation Officer and a Senior Legal
Counsel has been put in place.
This is not only lending quality to work but also ensuring
that no single individual can influence official proceedings of NAB.
As per the latest report of Transparency International (TI) of 2016,
Pakistan's ranking in Corruption Perception Index (CPI) has improved
plus 9 points. Pakistan was being considered role model in South
Asian countries in its efforts against corruption.
The Corruption Perception Index (CPI) in Pakistan as per
Transparency International (TI), report was declining after 2013.
Besides Transparency International, the Independent National and
International watchdogs like PILDAT and World Economic Forum have
also appreciated Pakistan's efforts to curb corruption in Pakistan.
Moreover, to create awareness against ill effects of
corruption among youth of Pakistan which is our future, NAB in
collaboration with Higher Education Commission (HEC) had signed a
Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) and in a very short span of time
established over 45,000 Character Building Societies (CBSs) in
in universities, colleges and schools.
NAB has a target that number of CBS should reach at-least
50,000 in 2017.
NAB has also undertaken a number of strategic initiatives,
aimed at rejuvenation of the organization.
The Organogram was revisited to transform NAB into an
efficient and responsive organization and it has devised a
Quantifiable Grading System (QGS) to monitor performance of all
Regions of NAB on annual basis.
NAB has also introduced Internal Accountability Mechanism
(IAM) System and till to date out of 84 officers/officials, 23
officers have been imposed major penalty which is removal from
service and 34 have been received minor penalties.
NAB has also developed an effective Monitoring and
Evaluation System (MES). A pilot project of NAB Rawalpindi was
completed.
The outcome of pilot project is being shared with all Regional
Bureaus to implement MES system to further improve working.
The Bureau has filed 12 references in Rs. 22 billion Modarba
Scam and recovered Rs. 1.73 billion, besides properties and
vehicles. So far 34 accused persons have been arrested in Modarba
scam.
NAB had hosted first SAARC seminar in Islamabad where
Heads of SAARC anti-corruption authorities agreed to creation of
SAARC Anti Corruption Forum.
Pakistan was elected as first Chairman of SAARC anti
Corruption Forum.
NAB on bilateral cooperation, has signed a MoU with China to
streamline and structure and cooperation in fields of anti-
corruption. In the context of China Pakistan Economic Corridor
(CPEC), this cooperation will further boost confidence in projects
undertaken in Pakistan.
Another MoU is proposed to be signed with Malaysia and
details are being worked out.
Another reads, “If you like me, then you will have to solemnise the marriage in the temple since my parents are too poor to welcome the marriage procession”. Yet another girl wrote, “I have been bowled over by your innocent smile and leadership quality”.
Esteban Santiago Ruiz, the 26-year-old man arrested shortly after the shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport on Jan. 6, has been indicted on 22 counts by a federal grand jury.
Santiago allegedly killed five people in the baggage claim area of Terminal 2 after retrieving a weapon from a checked bag and loading it in the bathroom.
Mary Louise Amzibel, Michael John Oehme, Olga M . Woltering, Shirley Wells Timmons and Terry Michael Andres all died, according to the indictment.
The indictment includes five counts of "violence at an international airport resulting in death," as well as numerous weapons charges for allegedly firing a Walther 9-millimeter pistol.
U.S. law specifically prohibits, and specifies federal jurisdiction over, the unauthorized use of weapons inside an international civilian airport. The provision was part of the massive Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994.
As NPR's Colin Dwyer reported, Santiago served as a combat engineer in the National Guard in Puerto Rico and Alaska, and was discharged from service last year for unsatisfactory performance.
Colin also reported:
"During Santiago's time with the Puerto Rico National Guard, he was deployed to Iraq from April 2010 to February 2011. The U.S. pulled troops from the country at the end of that year. "His aunt, Maria Ruiz Rivera, tells The Record of New Jersey that after he returned, she noticed changes in his mental health. " 'He lost his mind,' Ruiz Rivera told the newspaper in Spanish. 'He said he saw things.' "Over the course of 2016, Santiago was repeatedly reported to Anchorage police for physical disturbances, according to the city's police chief, Christopher Tolley — including two separate reports of domestic violence and strangulation in October last year. "The next month, Santiago walked into an FBI office in Anchorage 'to report that his mind was being controlled by a U.S. intelligence agency,' said FBI special agent Marlin Ritzman, at a Saturday press conference. Tolley described them as 'terroristic thoughts,' in which 'he believed he was being influenced by ISIS.' "
Addressing Santiago's mental state briefly, the indictment alleges the crime was committed "after substantial planning and premeditation," and accuses him of "intentionally" killing five people and that his actions "constituted a reckless disregard for human life."
Santiago is scheduled to be arraigned on the charges on Jan. 30, according to a press release by the Department of Justice.
Srinagar
Syed Ali Geelani in a separate statement said Kashmiris will continue with their struggle till freedom. He said the sacrifices of youth won't go waste and nobody will be allowed to play with their sacrifices.
He said arrests, curfews and restrictions can't weaken the ongoing freedom struggle.
“Our programs are always peaceful and disciplined but the police and other forces deliberately create trouble and then blame the pro-freedom people for it,” Geelani said.
The Hurriyat leader appealed to international community to take cognisance of the “brutal” killings and come forward to resolve the Kashmir dispute.
“Not only Pakistan, but the whole world should come forward and support Kashmiris in achieving their goal,” Geelani said. “We will never surrender or succumb to pressure but will pursue our cherished mission till it is taken to its logical conclusion.”—KR
No need to book an overpriced motel for the August 21 solar eclipse, because getting to the “path of totality” is easy to do as a day trip when you live in northern Colorado!
Easiest and quickest: Drive straight north.
You only need to go about 115 miles north of Fort Collins, straight up I-25, to hit prime viewing of the 100% total phase of the eclipse—a once-in-a-lifetime experience for most of us.
The eclipse starts about 10:15 a.m. (depending on location; check before you go), with totality about an hour later, so get an early start. To check exact times and percentage of totality for any location, just use the nifty simulator at https://eclipsemega.movie/simulator
Be ready to take back roads, in case everyone else has the same idea and traffic on I-25 turns out to be a nightmare. Gas up before you go, and bring food and water with you.
Park your car anywhere that's safely off the road—a fast food place, a parking lot, a highway rest stop, a back road, wherever you can get well off the road to ohh and ahh over the eclipse.
The show lasts about 2 hours from start to finish, as the moon moves across between us and the sun.
If there are trees nearby, all the better, as long as they don't block your view of the sun. You don't want to miss the leaves acting as “pinhole projectors,” casting shadows that show real-time progress of the eclipse. Watch for those shadows to become crescents as the show progresses.
Many organizations are hosting get-togethers with telescopes and explanations, but you can just marvel at it with your own eyes, then read the explanations later if you're so inclined.
The totality band runs in a wide, downward-curving arc across eastern Wyoming, roughly east along I-75 and then U.S. 26, from Casper through Glendo, Fort Laramie and Torrington, WY.
Those towns are smack dab in the middle of the totality zone, and motels that usually run $60-$80 a night are going for unbelievable prices.
But here's a secret—you don't need to be at the center of the path of totality to see the total eclipse!
You'll see a genuine, 100% total eclipse, that famed glowing circlet of gold, anywhere within the path, not just at its center.
That means you can see the total eclipse from any pull-over area within the totality path, without spending a dime or dealing with hordes of people. Pack a lunch to enjoy while you're watching.
The band of totality is about 70 miles wide from top to bottom, and even within its bottom edge, say, near Wheatland, WY, you'll still see a total eclipse.
Only difference: totality will last about a minute less than in the center of the band. Instead of being able to stare at it for 2.5 minutes, you'll get to see the total eclipse for about 1.5 minutes.
As the sun darkens, watch and listen for the sights and sounds of normal twilight—robins, thrushes, and other birds singing evening songs, bats coming out, hummingbirds leaving the feeder to seek shelter for the “night.” When the moon moves off from blocking the sun, the bird calls and activity of daytime will begin, just as they do at a normal dawn.
A once in a lifetime experience in our own backyard! No wonder eclipse fever is starting to set in. Make your plans now for Monday, August 21, or just take off and head north on impulse on eclipse morning. And let's all hope the weather is good.
If work or other obligations don't allow for a road trip, you will still see an almost-total eclipse. Fort Collins and north will see 96% or better coverage of the sun by the moon, and that's darn close to the thrill of totality.
Wherever you watch from, DO NOT LOOK AT THE SUN WITH BARE EYES. Even when fully eclipsed, the sun's rays are powerful enough to damage your eyes for hours, days—or forever. Eclipse glasses are selling out fast at grocery stores, drugstores, and other retail outlets, but you can make a quick and easy “pinhole projector” out of a cardboard box (https://www.timeanddate.com/eclipse/box-pinhole-projector.html), for safely watching the show without looking at the sun.
Duo allegedly stole cigarettes, liquor from Santee store
COURTESY: Santee Police
COURTESY: Santee Police
COURTESY: Santee Police
COURTESY: Santee Police
SANTEE, S.C. (WOLO) – The Santee Police Department has released surveillance photos of two suspects they say were seen breaking into a business on January 29 and they need the public's help identifying them.
Just after 11 p.m., the suspects allegedly used bricks to break in the front doors of the Saints Party Store located on Bass Drive.
Once inside, police say the two males took $300 worth of cigarettes and two bottles of Ciroc valued at $60.
The suspects fled in a white car, possibly a Kia.
The driver of the vehicle is shown wearing a black jacket with a hoodie and the passenger is wearing a white hoodie.
To receive up to $1000 for information about the crime or if you know the identity of the suspects, citizens are encouraged to contact CRIMESTOPPERS in any of the following ways: call 888-CRIME-SC (888-274-6372),submit a tip via P3 TIPS smart phone app available on the App Store & Google Play, or visit our website at www.midlandscrimestoppers.com.
Connect with the writer:
Follow @kimberleidavis
Get breaking news, weather and traffic on the go. Download the ABC Columbia News App for your iPhone or Android phone and tablet.
Former Chicago Bears middle linebacker Brian Urlacher will face stiff competition to be a first-ballot Hall of Famer in 2018, but Urlacher's illustrious 13-year career is worthy of enshrinement in Canton.
Aside from Baltimore's Ray Lewis -- another first-ballot candidate -- Urlacher's credentials compare favorably to other contenders.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame selection committee can let in a maximum of five modern-day candidates each year. The Hall of Fame requires 80 percent approval for enshrinement.
Along with Urlacher and Lewis, Randy Moss also will be on the ballot next year. And it stands to reason that Terrell Owens eventually will get it. So, the field will be competitive in 2018.
But during my 13 years on the Bears beat, no one meant more to the franchise than Urlacher.
The ninth overall pick in 2000, Urlacher was named NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year after recording 123 tackles and eight sacks. He was the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in 2005 and an eight-time Pro Bowler who led Chicago to four division titles and a berth in Super Bowl XLI.
Of course, Urlacher -- as he's noted throughout the years -- had the good fortune to play alongside great players such as Olin Kreutz, Lance Briggs, Charles Tillman, Matt Forte, Devin Hester and many others. But Urlacher was the undisputed face of the organization.
Urlacher was the main reason Lovie Smith's Cover-2 defense was so successful in Chicago. A freakish athlete, Urlacher's ability -- not just to make plays sideline-to-sideline, but also to drop back in coverage and take away to middle third of the field -- made him invaluable. It's no coincidence that with Urlacher the Bears finished top-five in points allowed four times (2005, 2006, 2010 and 2012).
However, Urlacher was not tied to one particular scheme. He thrived in Greg Blache's version of the 4-3 for four years prior to Smith's arrival. Had Urlacher been allowed to stay in that system -- one that allowed the middle linebacker to blitz more -- his numbers would have been greater. But Urlacher was the ultimate team player who played his role in the Cover 2 to perfection.
Urlacher retired with 41.5 sacks and 22 interceptions. He recorded 100-plus tackles in nine of 13 seasons in the NFL. When Urlacher fell short of 100 tackles, it was solely due to injuries -- back, wrist, calf, etc.
Urlacher's performance in Chicago's thrilling come-from-behind Monday night victory in Arizona in 2006 may be the single most dominant game by a defensive player I have ever witnessed in all my years watching football. That night in the desert, Urlacher annihilated the Cardinals, recording 20-plus tackles, picking up Arizona players and driving them backward on many of the sticks.
To me, the greatest example of Urlacher's toughness occurred in his final season of 2012. Urlacher missed the entire offseason because of a knee injury that forced him to undergo arthroscopic surgery a month before the start of the regular season. Yet, somehow, Urlacher started in Week 1 and steadily improved as the year wore on before he suffered an unfortunate hamstring injury in Week 12 chasing Seattle's Russell Wilson. Still, Urlacher's resiliency to fight through injuries, even as his career was winding down, spoke volumes about his football character.
The Hall of Fame selection process is supposed to be solely about the players' on-field accomplishments; that point was again hammered home this year by voters who discussed Owens' exclusion. But I would be remiss if I failed to mention Urlacher's popularity inside the locker room. Urlacher didn't use the media to deliver messages. He was a true leader, not some phony locker room politician. Urlacher was a person almost everyone in the building looked up to and respected. It's no surprise the Bears' locker room leadership fell off a cliff when Urlacher was forced out after 2012. The Bears have never filled that void.
No one is perfect. Urlacher probably has some regrets -- the most obvious being the Bears' inability to win a Super Bowl.
But Urlacher carried himself with dignity and class on the field and at Halas Hall for 13 years.
He is a Hall of Famer in every sense of the word.
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
He said he expects most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services, and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches, and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns, but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Donald Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. "You're long ordeal will soon be over," he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an IUD, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," she says. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
Falcons coach Dan Quinn is taking a cautious approach with RB Devonta Freeman, who is going through the concussion protocol. (0:40)
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. -- Atlanta Falcons coach Dan Quinn said running back Devonta Freeman is going through the concussion protocol and has been ruled out for Sunday's exhibition at the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Freeman left Sunday's practice with what initially was believed to be heat-related issues. But after further evaluation, he was put in the protocol.
"He reportedly had some concussion symptoms," Quinn said of the medical staff's evaluation. "So we put him in the protocol for that. He'll be out this week."
The Falcons signed RB Devonta Freeman, a two-time Pro Bowler, to a five-year, $41.25 million extension last week. Todd Kirkland/Icon Sportswire
Quinn said that it is more of a precautionary measure than anything else and that the timetable for Freeman's return to practice is unclear. Quinn, however, stopped short of saying Freeman will be sidelined for all three remaining preseason games.
Tevin Coleman took the first-team reps again during Monday's practice and is expected to start against the Steelers. Terron Ward moves into the backup role until Freeman returns, with rookie Brian Hill and newly signed Kelvin Taylor also in the rotation.
Freeman sustained a concussion in a home game against the Indianapolis Colts back in November 2015. He missed one full game as a result of the concussion.
The Falcons signed Freeman, a two-time Pro Bowler, to a five-year, $41.25 million extension last week. He scored on a 15-yard touchdown reception in Thursday's 23-20 preseason loss at Miami.
One special 1968 Dodge Charger RTR made its debut at the 2017 SEMA show this past October, but somehow, it flew under the radar and got little press attention. Now, Johan Eriksson, the car's creator, has dropped by Jay Leno's Garage—all the way from Sweden!—with the custom Charger and we can really pore over the details.
Incredibly, Eriksson and his small team did the work themselves out of their own small shop in Scandinavia. In total, the Swede said it took about five years to finish the entire project. But it shows in every painstakingly crafted detail inside and out. Leno even proclaimed the work is on par, if not better, than major shops in the United States would do. So, what is it about this custom Charger that makes it so special?
Eriksson said he first found the old Charger in Sweden in sorry shape after a life spent as a race car. The body was saved, then bonded to a Chevrolet C6 Corvette chassis, and completely made over to be what you see here. It's a mesmerizing build. Dodge design, Chevrolet underpinnings, and the power? Also Dodge. The Viper's massive 8.4-liter V-10 engine sits under the hood, complemented by a twin-turbocharger system. The engine makes 1,000 horsepower as it stands, but Eriksson said 1,500 hp would be just as easy.
The interior is awash in custom aluminum, all hand-formed by Eriksson, with a 6-speed manual shifter properly in place. It's a Hot Wheels car for real life. Grab a closer look at the build in the video above.
Trainer Brett Mathews hopes to Release The Sax can round out this preparation with a speedy showing in today's $18,000 Kalgoorlie RSL Handicap (1400m) before embarking on a five-week spell.
The former David Harrison-prepared four-year-old, who transferred to Mathews' stable last year, has been gallant this campaign, delivering three seconds and a win from seven starts.
Release The Sax has drawn barrier three for today's assignment at the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Racing Club, with Renee Forrest replacing Lucas Camilleri in the saddle.
Last start the bustling Saxon and Final Ransom bay mare covered most of the journey well before fading down the straight to run fourth behind the Helen Harding-trained Shakedown.
“This is going to be her last run and then she will go for a little let-up,” Mathews said.
“She looked a winner at the 100m the other day but is probably starting to get to the end of her prep.
“She is still going well and she has drawn a nice barrier, which will be in her favour.”
Trevor Tasker's gelding Major Mambo will start from the eighth stall in the field of 11.
Also in the mix are the Peter Fernie duo Ocean Grove and Liquid Man, who will jump from the second and seventh gates respectively.
Promising Mauritian apprentice Brandon Louis is to take on riding duties on Rod Brown's Armourer.
Mathews identified five-year-old Major Mambo as the race's main threat after he blitzed past Release The Sax to run second to Shakedown last start.
“Major Mambo had a good run the other day and was hitting the line pretty well,” Mathews said.
“I think it will be pretty hard to beat.
“Release The Sax is on her last run (this campaign) so we will just cross our fingers and hope that she has one last effort in her.”
The National Transportation Safety Board is opening an investigation into the fatal accident involving one of Uber's self-driving cars in Tempe, Arizona.
NTSB sending team to investigate Uber crash in Tempe, Arizona. More to come. — NTSB_Newsroom (@NTSB_Newsroom) March 19, 2018
Uber's self-driving car accident that resulted in a woman's death raises a number of questions about insurance and liability. Although the car was in self-driving mode, there was a safety driver behind the wheel who theoretically should have been able to intervene.
Uber has since halted its self-driving car tests in Arizona, Pittsburgh and California. Last year, the NTSB looked into a 2016 accident involving Tesla's Autopilot system in Florida. The NTSP partially faulted Tesla for the fatal crash, saying the system operated as intended but that the driver's inattentiveness, due to over-reliance on the Autopilot system, resulted in the accident.
In an earlier statement to TechCrunch, an Uber spokesperson said, “Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
It's not every day that Oracle's billionaire founder, chairman and CTO Larry Ellison launches a new business, but such is the case today. That new company? Sensei, a new L.A.-based wellness brand that will focus first on developing hydroponic farms and later . . . well, details are scant, but they're coming soon, we're told.
Ellison, who we presume is funding the effort, co-founded the company with his longtime friend, David Agus, a prolific author and professor of medicine at USC where he is, notably, the founding director of the Lawrence J. Ellison Institute for Transformative Medicine.
According to Sensei's president, Dan Gruneberg, Ellison and Agus came up with the idea of starting a wellness company when a close mutual friend of the two was dying and they were spending more time together. In fact, as they watched their friend's health deteriorate, they decided there was more they could, and should, do about it.
Step one, apparently, involves building a hydroponic farm of undisclosed size on the Hawaiian island of Lanai, which Ellison acquired for $300 million back in 2012. There, says Gruneberg, the Sensei team will be focusing not on yield per acre but nutrition per acre, a selling point for the fruits and vegetables it plans to sell to restaurants and retailers under the brand Sensei Farms.
Though hydroponic farms — in which plants are grown in water rather than soil — aren't necessarily known for cultivating fruits and vegetables that are any less nutritious than their conventional counterparts, by increasing the concentration of nutrients, growers can increase the nutritional content of their vegetables. That seems to be the strategy here.
Another aspect of the business that Sensei will undoubtedly be marketing is sustainability. According to Gruneberg, Sensei's hydroponic farms will use roughly 10 percent the amount of water used in traditional farming, and via a partnership with Tesla, its farms will be solar powered, too.
Asked how many hydroponic farms Sensei plans to build, and how many people the company employs currently, Gruneberg declines to say, telling us that more information about the company will be coming in later months, when there's more “there” there. (There are many “inputs” to living well, he notes.)
As for Gruneberg — who previously cofounded Zozi, a maker of web-based booking that was acquired last year — he joined Sensei last April after being introduced to Ellison and Agus through a friend.
He says that as the son of a nutritionist mother, it was a natural fit.
Certainly, the market opportunity the team is chasing is huge. About $700 million was invested in agricultural tech last year, roughly double what was invested in both 2016 and 2015. Perhaps it's no wonder given estimates — including by the United Nations — that by 2050, agricultural production will have to rise by 70 percent to meet projected demand.
Right now, according to the research consultancy IBIS World, four companies account for more than 65 percent of the revenue generated in the hydroponic crop farming industry: NatureSweet, Houweling's Tomatoes, Village Farms and Sunset Produce.
With Ellison's financial muscle and notoriously competitive nature, those numbers could look very different in a few years.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United and Chelsea fans have shown their collective disdain for The FA after discovering extortionate ticket prices for the FA Cup final at Wembley.
Supporters will be asked to cough up £145 for the best seats at the home of English football.
One fan hit out at The FA for hiking the price of his £65 semi-final ticket by 77 percent to £115 and queried the justification.
Many labelled the move as a "disgrace" and a "shameless" move by The FA to cash in on fans' desire to watch their team in a final.
The following prices have been released: Cat A: £145 Cat B: £115 Cat C: £80 Cat D: £45.
(Image: Chris Brunskill Ltd/Getty Images)
(Image: Darren Walsh)
(Image: REUTERS)
The FA have apologised this week for a tweet sent by the official FA Cup account mocking Harry Kane for his performance up against Chris Smalling.
But many responded to that news by calling for a separate apology over the inflated ticket prices.
Chelsea have reached the final for the second season running after beating Southampton 2-0 thanks to goals from Olivier Giroud and Alvaro Morata.
United came from behind vs Tottenham to reach another final under Jose Mourinho, with Alexis Sanchez and Ander Herrera replying after Dele Alli's opener.
A small hole in a busy sidewalk is a bigger problem than a large hole in a not-so-busy sidewalk, for two reasons:
One: The bigger the hole, the easier it is to see — and avoid.
Two: The more foot traffic there is, the more likely it is that someone will fail to see it and step in it.
That's why the two small, coverless holes we found in a sidewalk on the east side of Church St., between Dundas and Queen Sts., are a lot bigger problem than they appear.
We were hiking up Church recently, just north of Queen, behind a group of a half-dozen people engaged in an animated discussion that clearly diverted their attention from the sidewalk beneath them.
Makeup artist and beauty expert Jenny Patinkin stopped by to share her favorite makeup looks for summer.Products featured on the show:For more makeup tips from Jenny Patinkin, visit: jennypatinkin.com Social Media: #lazyperfectionapprovedFollow Jenny on social media @jennypatinkin
LAS VEGAS -- The UFC has offered all first responders to last weekend's mass shooting in Las Vegas comped tickets to Saturday's UFC 216 pay-per-event inside T-Mobile Arena.
UFC president Dana White told ESPN that the organization is expecting more than 1,500 first responders from local police, firefighters and EMT departments to attend. He also said he expects several victims to be in attendance.
Editor's Picks Vegas tragedy on minds of UFC headliners Both of the fighters in this weekend's UFC 216 pay-per-view event -- the first major sports event scheduled in Las Vegas since Sunday's mass shooting -- told ESPN they were affected by the tragedy.
McGregor 'devastated' following mass shooting UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor was "absolutely devastated" upon hearing of Sunday's mass shooting in Las Vegas. 1 Related
"I've never been in a position where I don't even know how many people are going to show up here tomorrow," White said. "People bought tickets, but were flying in from other places. Did they cancel their flight? A lot of these airlines are saying you can use the ticket anytime you want if you don't want to come to Vegas.
"It might just be me, the media and 1,500 first responders here tomorrow. And I don't care. This isn't an event about the gate or about any of that stuff. This is about the families, the victims, Las Vegas, and not bowing down to cowards."
Fifty-eight people were killed and hundreds injured last Sunday when Stephen Paddock, 64, opened fire on a crowd of concertgoers from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel.
The UFC quickly pledged $1 million to victims' families. Several other notable Las Vegas businessmen and enterprises have made sizable donations as well.
White noted that the UFC's donation amounted to roughly $16,000 per family.
"That doesn't fly you home. That doesn't bury a loved one," White said. "I urged the community -- let's dive in and handle this ourselves.
"Sure enough, [previous UFC owners Lorenzo and Frank] Fertitta stepped up for $1 million. Zappos gave $1 million. Boyd Gaming gave $1 million. Then you get into MGM gave $3 million, and [Las Vegas Sands Corp. CEO] Sheldon Adelson came in with $4 million. So now you're talking real money for these people."
"This isn't an event about the gate or about any of that stuff. This is about the families, the victims, Las Vegas, and not bowing down to cowards," UFC president Dana White said. Buda Mendes/Zuffa LLC/Getty Images
UFC 216 is headlined by an interim lightweight title fight between Las Vegas resident Kevin Lee and Tony Ferguson. Lee is originally from Detroit, but he moved full time to Las Vegas in 2014.
White, who grew up and went to high school in Las Vegas, said it was important for the UFC to follow through with the event. The UFC has been headquartered in Las Vegas since 2001 and opened a new facility here this year.
"People always say, 'People live in Vegas? Wow, I thought that was just a place you go to party,'" White said. "But you found out this weekend this is a community, and it's a very strong community. I'm very proud to live here, and I'm proud of what everybody has done.
"What you don't want to do is back down to cowards. This coward that went up into a room, hiding, killing women and children, people there dancing, singing, having fun. You can't bow down to this stuff. You have to take it head-on."
Beardsley Bart, Connecticut's own Prognosticating Prairie Dog, came out early this morning to share his weather forecast with a small gathering of his friends. He did not see his shadow, anticipating an early spring. His forecast is at odds with Punxatawny Phil, who is looking forward to six more weeks of winter.
“Beardsley Bart is a very early riser and when he came out this morning, he confirmed that he did not see his shadow,” said Zoo Director Gregg Dancho. “He's happy to report spring is just around the corner and he looks forward to all his friends coming to visit him soon.”
WILMINGTON — Wilmington College is hosting the annual Senior Thesis Exhibit featuring works by three seniors May 1-12 in Harcum Art Gallery. The trio includes Alexandra Kleem, Caitlin Lowman and Molly Pratt.
An opening reception will be held in their honor May 1 from 6 to 8 p.m. Normal gallery hours are weekdays, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., and by special appointment coordinated by gallery curator Hal Shunk, professor of art. The public is invited free of charge.
While Lowman, an art and education studies major from Wilmington, grew up in an artistic home, she credits her high school art teacher with helping discover her personal style through working with pencils.
“Once I saw that art helped me work out my frustrations and worries, and it helped me connect to God on a deeper level, I realized I had to make this a career,” she said, noting her art is realistic and tends to represent her religious views and beliefs. She has branched out to work with non-objective and abstract styles as a contrast to her highly detailed drawings.
Lowman plans to study psychology and master in art therapy to help children and adults work out problems through art. She hopes the audience for the exhibit will question details of her work as they interpret its meaning.
“My artful messages are not written, so have fun trying to figure them out.”
Pratt, an art major who's also from Wilmington, said her art is a reflection of who she is as a person. “I tend to gravitate toward bright colors because they represent me — bright and happy. Every piece is an extension of myself.”
She enjoys most media with watercolor as her current favorite.
“The more experienced I get, the more confident I am,” she said, noting that each new piece represents her progress as an artist. “I hope to be able to develop my skills further and one day illustrate my own books. I know that, if I keep on the push I'm on now, and keep experimenting and going out of my comfort zone, I will reach that level of success one day.”
Kleem, an art major from Parma, noted that, as she experienced more and more artistic media, she developed an affinity for working with paint, ceramics and graphite and colored pencils.
“I usually have a dark color scheme for my paintings and colored pencil illustrations, but I try to use some light colors for contour,” Kleem said, adding she has come to especially enjoy and appreciate anime artists' various styles.
She said her use of dark schemes and shading in her paintings and drawings reflects styles of favorite anime artists Oda Eiichiro and Isayama Hajime.
http://www.wnewsj.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2018/04/web1_Art-Senior.jpg
Yellowknife (August 11, 2017) – The Department of Infrastructure would like to advise that road delays can be expected from August 14 to 18 on the Yellowknife Access Road due to road construction.
The project involves resurfacing a section of road in front of YK Motors, which will allow for a smoother drive. Motorists can expect delays as traffic will be reduced to two lanes.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Greg Hanna at 867-767-9082 ext. 31046 or greg_hanna@gov.nt.ca.
QUETTA, Aug 14 (APP): At least six security force personnel were
martyred and two other were injured in an improvised explosive device (IED) blast in Shahrag near Khost area of Harnai district on Monday.
According to security force spokesman, unknown men had planted IED
besides the road which the security forces' vehicle hit while patrolling.
The vehicle was destroyed in the blast.
The victims were identified as Lnk Yousaf Imran, Sep Shahb-uddin, Sep
Fayyaz, Sep Umer, Sep Naeem and Civ security Fazal Rehman.
The injured were identified as Sub Haydatullah and Civ dvr Saadullah.
The bodies and the injured were shifted to nearby hospital.
Security forces cordoned off the entire area and started search to trace
out suspects.
Further investigation was underway.
WASHINGTON, Aug 15 (APP): US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Monday extended greetings to Pakistan on the 70th anniversary of independence and said that the United States would continue to work together in the years ahead.
“On behalf of the Government of the United States of America, I would
like to congratulate the Pakistani people as they celebrate their 70th anniversary of independence,” the Secretary said in a statement issued
here.
He said that in an August 14, 1947 message to then Governor General
Muhammed Ali Jinnah, President Truman pledged the firm friendship and good will of the United States, saying, “The American people anticipate a long history of close and cordial relations with your country.”
“In the seven decades since, the United States and Pakistan have worked closely together to advance our mutual interests of democracy, stability, security, and economic development in Pakistan and across the region,” he added.
“Today, the United States joins the people of Pakistan in celebrating
this anniversary and our 70-year relationship, as we continue to work together in the years ahead,” Secretary Tillerson said.
Meanwhile, US Under-Secretary of State for Political Affairs, Ambassador Thomas A. Shannon was the chief guest at a ceremony held at the embassy on Monday to mark the 70th Independence Day.
Ambassador Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry began the proceedings with hoisting of the national flag which was followed by a brief commemorative event. Messages from the President and Prime Minister of Pakistan were read out.
The Deputy Chief of Mission also read out the text of President Henry
Truman's letter addressed to the founder of Pakistan Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah dated August 15, 1947.
President Truman wrote, “I wish to assure you that the dominion
[Pakistan] embarks on its course with the firm friendship and goodwill of the United States of America. The American people and government anticipate a long history of close and cordial relations with your country.”
Independence Day Cake was jointly cut by the Ambassador Aizaz Chaudhry and the Chief Guest Ambassador Tom Shannon. The event was attended by Acting Assistant Secretary of State Ambassador Alice Wells and Acting Secretary of Defence David Helvey besides other officials of the Departments of State and Defence and Pakistani diaspora.
The audience also enjoyed Pakistani food and performances by ‘Nomad'
dancers and Pakistani kids on folk tunes.
From Sault Vessel Traffic Service:
The ship recently underwent repairs to both main diesel engines and now must test them. The cutter will travel the Superior Front Channel and then enter Lake Superior through the Superior Entrance Channel. After several hours of testing in open water, the ship will return to homeport, retracing the path previously travelled. Every precaution will be taken to minimize incidental ice breaking outside the established shipping channels.
Karachi
In an attempt to revive international cricket in Pakistan, the Pakistan Cricket Board has informally invited the West Indies cricket team to visit Lahore in March 2017 to play two T20Is, this was revealed by the Chairman of PCB's Executive Committee, Najam Sethi on Saturday.
“West Indies wants us to play two games in Florida before our full-fledged series with them, so we have suggested them that we would play in Florida if they come to Pakistan and play two matches with us,” Sethi said.
“We have suggested that after their series with England, in mid of March, they come to Pakistan to play a couple of games,” he added.
No major Test team has visited Pakistan since the attack on Sri Lankan team in March 2009, although Zimbabweans visited the country in 2014, but it could not open doors for other teams to visit Pakistan.
However, Sethi was hopeful that PCB would be able to convince players to start visiting Pakistan soon and PSL's final in Lahore would be first step towards the revival of international cricket in Pakistan.
“We are in talks with West Indies Cricket Board, their players' association have some reservations but we are hoping that we would be able to convince them on security arrangements,” said Sethi, who also heads the Pakistan Super League.
He also expressed determination on hosting PSL final in Lahore, as announced, on March 7th.
“Initially everyone was ready to visit Lahore for PSL final, but then there were some glitches which forced players to express reservations on visiting Pakistan for the PSL final,” he said.
“But, we are trying our best to convince them on security arrangements, some are already convinced,” he revealed.—Agencies
A $25bn sale of Australian shopping centre owner Westfield Corporation has given bankers at Deutsche Bank, Rothschild and UBS their second multibillion-dollar deal in that market in less than a week.
Paris-based commercial real estate firm Unibail-Rodamco has made a cash-and-share offer to buy Australia's Westfield, which runs shopping centres in the UK and US. The offer values Westfield at $24.7bn, according to a statement from the companies, and has been recommended by the target's board of directors.
...
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has directed its polling staff to ensure proper guidance and assistance to voters, especially to elderly, transgenders and pregnant women on the polling day – July 25.
While issuing a 13-point code of conduct for its polling staff, the ECP directed them to be punctual and perform their duties without any bias for or against any political party, electoral candidates, media outlets, inspectors or political parties' representatives.
Presiding officers were directed by the ECP to only obey orders issued by the district returning officers or returning officers.
The ECP directed the polling staff to perform duties in accordance with the law and remain in contact with their superiors at all times.
If any official cannot perform their duties for any reason, he/she must inform their respective presiding officer without delay, who in turn will inform their returning officer.
Polling staff will not get involved in any political activity or campaign nor will they show their personal preference or bias while performing their duties.
Polling staff have also been asked not to wear electoral sign of any candidate nor will they pin a badge of any political party.
The Commission has asked the polling staff to ensure the secrecy of the votes cast by voters.
It also asked the presiding officers to ensure the voting process in a smooth manner, while the polling staff, especially assistant presiding officers, will ensure assistance to their presiding officers until the completion of election results and during the packing of voting equipment.
ISLAMABAD, July 4 (APP):The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has directed its polling staff to ensure proper guidance and assistance to voters, especially to elderly, transgenders and pregnant women on the polling day – July 25.
While issuing a 13-point code of conduct for its polling staff, the ECP directed them to be punctual and perform their duties without any bias for or against any political party, electoral candidates, media outlets, inspectors or political parties' representatives.
Presiding officers were directed by the ECP to only obey orders issued by the district returning officers or returning officers.
The ECP directed the polling staff to perform duties in accordance with the law and remain in contact with their superiors at all times.
If any official cannot perform their duties for any reason, he/she must inform their respective presiding officer without delay, who in turn will inform their returning officer.
Polling staff will not get involved in any political activity or campaign nor will they show their personal preference or bias while performing their duties.
Polling staff have also been asked not to wear electoral sign of any candidate nor will they pin a badge of any political party.
The Commission has asked the polling staff to ensure the secrecy of the votes cast by voters.
It also asked the presiding officers to ensure the voting process in a smooth manner, while the polling staff, especially assistant presiding officers, will ensure assistance to their presiding officers until the completion of election results and during the packing of voting equipment.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
WILKES-BARRE — City police are seeking a man accused of raping a woman at knifepoint Sunday evening.
The woman reported she was walking on Carey Avenue about 6 p.m. when the attacker approached her and pulled a knife, according to police. The man then threatened her and raped her, police said.
Police described the attacker as black, about 5 feet 8 inches tall, with a small build. He had a shaved head, small, square glasses and was about 30 years old, police said.
The attacker was riding a men's mountain bike, police said.
Anyone with information is asked to call police at 570-208-4200.
— JAMES HALPIN
Editor's note: This post was done in partnership with Wirecutter. When readers choose to buy Wirecutter's independently chosen editorial picks, Wirecutter and TechCrunch earn affiliate commissions.
Exercising outdoors comes with space, terrain and, if you're lucky, a nice breeze that you don't get in a gym. While fitness fanatics care most about completing a good workout, having the right gear to help with keeping track of progress — and getting on with your day when you're done — makes a big difference.
We've gathered some of our favorite fitness wearables, headphones and accessories that improve and make outdoor workout routines more enjoyable.
Running headphones: Plantronics BackBeat Fit
We've tested 31 pairs of running headphones and for two years the Plantronics BackBeat Fit has remained our top recommendation. The ergonomics and comfort that the BackBeat Fit offer is impressive and they're built to combat sweat, dust and rain. The cable that connects the earbuds is accommodating for heads of all sizes and it won't bounce around or be an annoyance while you work out. Jogging at night or in a busy neighborhood will be a bit safer and easier to navigate as the BackBeat Fit has unsealed earbuds that are designed to allow you to hear your surroundings.
Backpack pannier: Arkel Bug Pannier Backpack
Bike riding is a form of exercise that's enjoyable for many. A bike is also a convenient mode of transportation, and equipping it with gear like a bike lock, rear rack and pannier can make heading out on the trail even more worthwhile. If in-between or after your ride you'd prefer to run errands, hang out or work, we recommend carrying your belongings in the Arkel Bug Pannier Backpack.
It's spacious and has mesh material that repels water. We like that it's durable enough to hold heavier items and it has a deep back pocket that's big enough for a road or urban style helmet.
GPS Running Watch: Garmin Forerunner 235
The ease of operating the Garmin Forerunner 235 makes it a great GPS running watch for beginners. Its optional apps and ability to track advanced metrics makes it great for experienced runners. You'll be able to use data to create and follow customized workouts, as well as review details about intensity and volume.
The FR 235 delivers heart-rate tracking without the use of a chest strap and it isn't as bulky as previous generations. Its Auto Pause feature helps with accurately tracking pace and running data when you make stops (i.e. at an intersection) during runs.
Fitness tracker: Garmin Vivosport
For a simple rundown of your heart rate, the number of steps you've taken and the distance you've traveled, a fitness tracker will do the trick. Our top pick, the Garmin Vivosport, has optional GPS tracking capabilities, accurate stats and overall solid performance that places it above a standard fitness tracker.
If keeping your phone on you for listening to music is a must, you can use the Vivosport to control playback and receive notifications. It measures stress levels, tracks sleep and automatically detects activity. When you're lifting weights without a buddy, its strength-training mode can be enabled to do rep counting for you.
Water bottle: Klean Kanteen Classic 27-ounce stainless-steel bottle with 3.0 Sport Cap
Whether your workout consists of high-intensity cardio or a casual walk in the park, it's important to stay hydrated. Bringing along a light, durable water bottle means you won't have to find a place to grab a drink and you'll have a handy go-to when you need a refresher.
The Klean Kanteen Classic 27-Ounce Stainless Steel Bottle with 3.0 Sport Cap is our top pick for a steel water bottle because it's easy to clean, has swappable caps and, more importantly, less than favorable tastes and smells don't linger around. Its 1¾-inch mouth is big enough to fit ice cubes but not so big that water will spill on your new shoes if you take a sip while running.
This guide may have been updated by Wirecutter. Note from Wirecutter: When readers choose to buy our independently chosen editorial picks, we may earn affiliate commissions that support our work.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Spice Girls have confirmed that they WILL be working together on exciting new projects.
Victoria Beckham, Mel C, Emma Bunton and Mel B all turned up at Geri Horner's house today, with their old manager Simon Fuller in tow.
And after reminiscing about the good old days, the girls have now CONFIRMED that they'll be working together on some new opportunities.
And what's better, is that it's going to be all about girl power!
A statement was released by Jo Milloy on behalf of the group.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex)
It said: "We have enjoyed a wonderful afternoon catching-up and reminiscing about the amazing times we spent together. We are always overwhelmed at how much interest there is across the whole world for The Spice Girls.
"The time now feels right to explore some incredible new opportunities together. We all agree that there are many exciting possibilities that will once again embrace the original essence of The Spice Girls, while reinforcing our message of female empowerment for future generations."
Earlier tonight, Victoria sent Spice Girls fans around the world crazy by sharing the first picture of them all together in years.
The girl band has reunited at Geri's house - along with their manager Simon - amidst rumours that there's going to be a reunion.
And if it's true, the girls could be set to earn a whopping £10 million each!
Posh Spice took to Instagram to share an adorable picture of them all hanging out together at Geri's North London home.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"Love my girls!!! So many kisses!!! X Exciting x," she captioned it.
Victoria and Geri pose up with Emma, Mel C and Mel B for the cosy snap.
And it sent fans wild.
One said: "Wooow my fav pop band reunite eek"
"My hero's growing up," another commented.
And one excitedly said: "OMG!!!"
Emma also shared a version of the picture, writing: "Great catch up with my spicy girls! #bffs always"
The Spice Girls were spotted making their way to Geri 's house.
Mel B was seen yesterday leaving her adopted hometown of Los Angeles and boarding a plane heading to London. She arrived at Geri's huge mansion on Friday afternoon, carting her trademark leopard-print in the form of a fluffy briefcase.
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Flynet Pictures)
(Image: Splash News)
Geri Halliwell - aka Ginger Spice - was seen driving herself in to her own driveway in a posh silver car, where she's expected to host reunion talks with her four other bandmates and their old manager Simon Fuller.
Mel C made her way on foot to the posh London property, which Geri shares with husband Christian Horner, daughter Bluebell and baby son Monty.
Most surprisingly, Victoria Beckham - who was thought to be the one bandmate least keen on reforming - was also seen being chauffeured to Geri's London home this afternoon.
Despite Geri's recent culinary exploits on This Morning, she didn't provide a home-cooked lunch for her friends, instead ordering in food from Planet Organic.
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Splash News)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The posh grocery story specialises in raw foods including pricey manuka honey, spirulina flakes and fermented drinks like apple cider vinegar.
According to The Sun, Mel C, Mel B, Emma Bunton, Geri Horner and even Victoria Beckham have also said yes - but with Posh vowing she won't be singing.
Emma Bunton was also spotted heading to Geri's house - wearing a baby blue coat.
Baby Spice wore a pair of chic black trousers and a matching top, carrying a designer bag on her arm.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Flynet)
The blonde beauty had her coat draped over her shoulders and carried a pair of shades in her hand, smiling as she made her way through the gate.
And last but not least to be pictured making her way to Geri's was Victoria.
Posh Spice was spotted in the back of a car with their manager Simon Fuller.
The fashion designer was wearing sunglasses and held her hand up to her face as the posh Mercedes-Benz pulled up to Geri's North London pad.
Books and television are entirely different artistic mediums, and adapting one into the other comes with a variety of challenges, not the least of which is: What do you do when you run out of source material? Is The Handmaid's Tale Season 2 still based on the book? After all, Margaret Atwood's seminal 1985 dystopian novel is only about 300 pages long in most editions, and Season 1 of the HBO series already ran for nearly 10 hours of total screen time. Surely there can't be that much of Atwood's source material left to adapt.
Indeed, the Season 1 finale, "Night," ended in pretty much exactly the same place as Atwood's novel ended: with Offred being carted away into a black van by Gilead's secret police, the Eyes. Although Nick tells her to trust them and that it's really the resistance, Mayday, that has come for her. The question of whether Offred is really going to her death or her salvation lingers as the van drives away and the novel (and Season 1) ends.
So Season 2 must be going totally off-script then, right? Well, yes and no. While most of the content in the new episodes will be original by necessity, that doesn't mean it won't have a basis in the source material. "Everybody says, 'You got to the end of the book!'" showrunner Bruce Miller told the New York Times after the Season 1 finale aired. "And I'm like, 'No, there's still a whole bunch of stuff we didn't even touch.' I read the book a lot. I pick out clues here and there, not so much to alter it, but to say, 'OK, let's logically extrapolate it.' And that's where Margaret Atwood has come in so essentially to our conversation."
Hulu on YouTube
Atwood, who has been a "consulting producer" on the series since the beginning, reportedly had an increased creative presence behind-the-scenes when it came to crafting the second season. "There's more collaboration [with Atwood] for a couple of reasons," Miller told The Hollywood Reporter, also after the Season 1 finale. "One is that we don't have a text that was written stating specifically what happens next — although we have a sense of some of the things that might happen next because of the 'historical notes' section that takes place after the conclusion of the Offred story. So through that you get a little bit of a sense. But absolutely; we had a working relationship, so we've been working much more closely and having those discussions for longer."
The question of what happens to Offred after that van pulls away is apparently one that Atwood has been mulling ever since her book was published. "We had lots of discussions about what would happen to the characters after Season 1 in small and big ways," Miller told THR. "We've been talking about it ever since the middle of Season 1. There are things Margaret thought about a lot over the years, and that's one of the biggest questions she's been asked, is what happens next to these characters. So it wasn't a question that I was bringing up to her for the first time."
Hulu
Speaking of the "historical notes" Miller mentioned, that epilogue is part of the "whole bunch of stuff" that didn't get adapted in Season 1. And while those final pages, which take place many (more) years in the future, after the fall of Gilead, probably won't be adapted until at least the final season of the show, there are other details from the novel that readers might be excited to see translated to the screen in Season 2: the Colonies, the origins of Gilead, and Offred's mother, among others.
In short, fans shouldn't be worried just because The Handmaid's Tale is entering uncharted territory this year. After all, Game Of Thrones largely ran out of source material after its fifth season, and it continues to break ratings and Emmys records right and left. And The Leftovers, which also finished adapting its novel in Season 1, didn't really hit its stride until it started crafting original content in Season 2 with the help of author Tom Perrotta. And judging by advance reviews, The Handmaid's Tale is only getting better in Season 2, even without a detailed novel road map to help guide it.
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Thursday 15th June 2017 Share this article Share
Companies in this article Konami
Konami is once again the subject of a controversy around the treatment of its employees, with the Nikkei reporting a variety of attempts to sabotage the careers and prospects of its former staff.
In an article titled "The Konami exodus," the Nikkei alleges that Konami director Kimihiko Higashio had used blocked Kojima Productions' application to join ITS Kenpo, a health insurance society aimed at gaming and internet companies. Higashio is the chairman of ITS Kenpo, and the report suggests that Kojima Productions was rejected in accordance with "Konami's wishes."
The once productive relationship between Konami and Kojima Productions founder Hideo Kojima publicly broke down in March 2015. Kojima then left the company in October of the same year, even as Konami insisted he was merely taking an extended holiday. In December, when Metal Gear Solid V was honoured at The Game Awards, Kojima said that he had been prevented from attending by Konami's on legal grounds - an allegation the Japanese publisher denied.
According to the Nikkei, though, Kojima is not a special case. The article recounts the testimony of multiple anonymous sources, all of whom describe attempts by Konami to intervene in the careers of people who leave the company.
One employee from a staffing agency said that Konami "files complaints to gaming companies who take on its former employees," causing one game company to "warn its staff against hiring ex-Kon" - "ex-Kon" being a nickname for ex-Konami employees. "If you leave the company, you cannot rely on Konami's name to land a job," one former employee said.
Konami is also accused of making legal threats against ex-Kons who give interviews to the media.
This is not the first time that Konami has been the subject of allegations around poor treatment of its employees. In August 2015, as the story around Hideo Kojima's departure was unfolding, the Nikkei published a report that described a company in which employees are treated with disdain and mistrust, and harshly punished for perceived transgressions.
If true, this new report indicates that the negative exposure Konami received was not sufficient incentive to motivate a positive change within the company.
Konami did not agree to the Nikkei's requests for comment.
If you have jobs news to share or a new hire you want to shout about, please contact us on newhires@gamesindustry.biz
It's been a long time coming, but the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is finally getting its Android 8.0 Oreo update in the U.S. Months after the Galaxy S9 launched on Oreo and the last-gen phones also received the update, Samsung's near-forgotten big tablet now has the latest software the company has to offer.
The update clocks in at 1.23GB, which is pretty large, and includes both Android 8.0 Oreo as a base and of course the latest Samsung Experience 9.0 updates on top to fall in line with the Galaxy S9 and Note 8. It also remains on the April 1, 2018 security patch. Everything you'll find on the latest software here will be familiar if you've used any Samsung phone that has received Oreo, and that isn't a huge change over Nougat. Visually you'll just see some color and icon refreshes plus notification badges in the launcher. Under the hood there are a few neat additions with Oreo — new autofill APIs, better low-level system control over background processes, and notification channels. Lots of little tune-ups that are all nice to have.
The Galaxy Tab S3 may be getting a little old at this point, but given the relative stagnation of the Android tablet market it's still our top pick for the segment. If you need to have a large-screened tablet that can handle keyboard input, take a look around and see if you can find one on a discount.
Results of Iran's major oil projects in July
2017-08-14 19:28 | www.trend.az | 1
Baku, Azerbaijan, Aug.14
By Dalga Khatinoglu – Trend:
Iran has prioritized seven major oil fields for development - in West Karoon Block and South Pars gas field's oil layer.
During the first seven months of 2017, Iran launched Azar field and South Pars' oil layer, while the statistics, prepared by Iran's Oil Ministry and seen by Trend, indicate, that the other five fields, placed in West Kroob Block were also in development.
Currently, Iran produces 20-25 thousand barrels per day from the oil layer of South Pars, while the production level at Azar field reached 15,000 b/d. Iran plans to double the oil output of South Pars and increase the Azar's output to 65,000 b/d.
Azar field, whith 2.5 billion barrels of in-situ oil reserves, and 16 percent recovery rate has been completed by 69.92 percent in July, compared to 68.52 percent in June.
One of the major projects in Iran's upstream oil sector includes the first phase of five fields (West Karoon Block) in Iranian western regions with 66.7 billion barrels of in-situ oil reserves, joint with Iraq, sharing 9.5 percent of the country's total in-situ oil and gas condensate reserves.
Iran says the production capacity of these fields, including the Azar field, has reached 320,000 b/d, compared to 280,000 b/d in January 2017. However the actual output is half of this volume, because Iran has allowed to increase its output by only 90,000 b/d to 3.79 mb/d, compared to October 2016, according to OPEC's oil cut deal.
According to a document, prepared by Iran's Oil Ministry and seen by Trend, the actual output of all these fields, including the Azar field in 1H17, reached around 200,000 b/d in July, less than June.
Iran has signed buy-back agreements with Chinese and domestic companies to develop these fields, but it is preparing to sign further deals with foreign companies based on the newly-designed agreements, called the Iran Petroleum Contract (IPC), to complete them, especially increase the recovery rate, which stands at below 10 percent averagely in these fields.
Yadavaran
Iran has signed a buy-back contract with China's Sinopec to develop the first phase of Yadavaran field, which contains 34 billion barrels of in-situ oil reserves. The project has been divided into 3 phases.
With completion of the first phase the output would reach 85,000 b/d, and in second and third phases the output would reach 180,000 b/d and 300,000 b/d, respectively.
According to the mentioned official document, the first phase of Yadavaran was developed by 0.19 percent to 99.34 percent, but the production level decreased by 6,000 b/d to 101, 174 in July month-to-month. The first phase of the field is semi-operational since 2012.
North Azadegan
Iran has a buy-back contract with China's CNPCI to develop the North Azadegan field. The first phase of the project was developed by 99.95 percent in July, about 0.94 percent more than June and its output stood at 73,160 b/d in July, about 2,169 b/d less than June.
North Azadegan contains 5.6 billion barrels of in-situ oil reserves. In the second phase of this project, the output level would double to hit 150,000 b/d.
South Azadegan
Iran also had an agreement with CNPCI to develop South Azadegan, but the country cancelled the deal with the Chinese company in 2014 because of long-delayed development process.
According to the official document, the project's first phase was developed by 38.92 percent in July, about 0.93 percent more than June. The first phase is aimed to produce 320,000 b/d of oil. The second phase would add 280,000 b/d to this volume.
The field contains 25.34 billion barrels of in-situ oil and its recovery rate very low at is 6.6 percent. Currently five foreign companies, including France's Total and Japan's Inpex are studying the Azadegan field and the ways of increasing the recovery rate, based on confidentiality agreements.
North Yaran
Iran is developing the North Yaran field with local companies – led by Persia Oil and Gas Industry Company – which have 73 percent share based on a buy-back contracts. The rest of shares belongs to foreign companies.
North Yaran has been developed by 95.08 percent in July, about 0.07 percent more than June.
Iran produced 16,786 b/d in July, about 12,056 b/d less than June. The final capacity of the project is 30,000 b/d.
South Yaran
Like North Yaran, the South Yaran field is also being developed by local companies to produce 50,000 b/d of oil by July 2017. However the project has been developed by 81.82 percent, 0.28 percent more than June and 1.78 percent more than January 2017.
The overall reserves of North and South Yaran are estimated at about 1 billion barrels.
After completion of all the phases of the mentioned oil fields, their production capacity would reach 1.04 million b/d by 2021. Iran needs more than $15 billion to complete West Karoon projects.
---
Dalga Khatinoglu is the head of Trend Agency's Iran news service, follow him on Twitter: @dalgakhatinoglu
Chris Martin had two bumpy seasons in the majors before finding success the past two seasons in Japan. Ron Jenkins Star-Telegram
LET'S see if Gavin Williamson is willing to be more forthcoming with The Yorkshire Post than he was earlier this week with Richard Madeley when the TV presenter terminated the interview because he felt that the Defence Secretary was ignoring his questions. When, Secretary of State, will members of Her Majesty's Armed Forces, be entitled to accommodation which is commensurate with their status and needs?
Though there have been improvements to facilities at Catterick, and other military bases, the Royal United Services Institute has published a report which accuses the Ministry of Defence of falling “woefully short” with its plans to meet the future housing needs of troops. Many stems from the decision to sell more than 55,000 service family homes in 1996 in a deal which did not achieve the anticipated financial dividends.
Born in Scarborough, Mr Williamson will be acutely aware of the strength of this county's historical associations, and bonds, with the Armed Forces and the high esteem in which members of the Army, Royal Navy and RAF are held. The public is also extremely supportive of military families and the sacrifices that they also make.
Yet this does not excuse the sub-standard accommodation at some military bases. Though service personnel, and their families, do not expect The Ritz, they expect better from the Government – and the one major political party which is supposedly still on the side of the Armed Forces.
Now comes Kyle Larson. This weekend, he finished second Saturday night to the incomparable Donny Schatz at the Indy 500 of sprint car racing, the Knoxville Nationals, and then Sunday afternoon, he won the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup race at Michigan International.
A.J. Foyt was close to Mario, winning at Le Mans, but that was just one race while the F1 title was a season's worth. Dan Gurney could race stock cars, Indy cars, F1 and sports cars but never ran the sprints and midgets. Bobby Unser was versatile as well.
Mario Andretti is really the only one I can think of, off the top of my head. Mario could race – and win – on dirt bullrings in a sprint car or a midget, drive Indy cars and stock cars on paved ovals or road courses and race sports cars and Formula One cars whenever and wherever. He won the Indy 500, the Daytona 500 and the F1 world championship.
Every now and again in racing, you come across a guy who can drive just about any kind of car.
Larson took the lead on the last restart at Michigan and left the rest of the field in his dust to win convincingly. He was fourth on the restart but went three-wide into the first turn and shot into the lead on the backstretch. Martin Truex Jr. was second and Erik Jones finished third.
I mean, the guy even looks a little bit like Mario, doesn't he? Short, slender, big shoulders. And he's got nerve, guts, no fear, desire and stamina (two championship races in 18 hours with a win in one and a second in the other is nothing to sneeze at). You watch: he's an all-rounder and, given the opportunities, he'll show the world just how good he is in the years ahead.
I know, two races doesn't mean he's the equal of Andretti but Larson wants to run Indy and I will make book right here and now that, if given the chances, he'll win that race someday. And if you can handle a sprint car on dirt and a stock car on a big, paved oval, you probably have the genes to guarantee success in F1 as well, if ever given a chance.
It was Larson's third consecutive victory in a Cup race at Michigan. He won the spring race there and the fall race last year. Only two other NASCAR drivers have been able to win consecutive races at Michigan. David Pearson won three straight in the 1970s and Bill Elliott won four straight in the mid-1980s.
For a complete story on the race, please click here
Now, when I was driving down to Indianapolis a few years ago for the 100th Indianapolis 500, I was on U.S. 24 West, going from Toldeo, Ohio, to Fortd Wayne, Ind., when I was passed by a big box truck. The sign on the door said, “Hornish Brothers, Inc., Defiance, Ohio.” Hey, I thought to myself, that's Same Hornish Jr. (it might even be him driving!) and that's his family's business.
I always liked Hornish (although I remain suspicious to this day about the incredible burst of speed through corners three and four in the 2006 Indy 500 when he caught and then defeated Marco Andretti at the checkers). When he first started out, and was driving in the IRL for Panther Racing, he sat and talked to me for close to an hour once at the Nazareth Speedway when I asked if I could do a story on him. And then he had a wonderful Indy car career with Roger Penske.
His NASCAR career never got off the ground, though. Unlike Tony Stewart and one or two others who were able to make the transition from lightweight rear-engine Indy cars to the heavier, front-engine stockers, Hornish - and Dario Franchitti and, to a lesser degree, Danica - couldn't really hack it.
Until Saturday, that is, when - at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course - Hornish dominated the NASCAR Xfinity Series race. He led something like 61 of the 75 laps in the four-hour race (there were a number of red flags for big wrecks; nobody was hurt) and looked every bit the champion. Daniel Hemrick was second, Matt Tifft third, sometimes IndyCar racer James Davison fourth and sports car ace Andy Lally fifth.
You'll note the absence of Monster Energy Cup drivers from those results. That's because those folks were racing this weekend at Michigan with the Camping World Truck Series in support while the Xfinity Series was on its own at Mid-Ohio. Which might have explained the strong, but not mighty, crowd in attendance.
For a story on the Xfinity race, with complete results, please click here
And talking about the trucks - which will be at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park in three weeks for their annual Labour Day weekend visit - Darrel Wallace Jr., a.k.a. Bubba Wallace - won the race Saturday at Michigan. Christopher Bell finished second and Kyle Busch (who usually races in, and wins, in the Xfinity Series) was third.
Alex Tagliani won the NASCAR Pintys Series headline race at the 50th anniversary Grand Prix de Trois-Rivieres (Que.) on Sunday. Alex Gallacher of NASCATHomeTracks.com filed the following report Sunday night:
It took Alex Tagliani just over a year, but he finally found his way back to Victory Lane by winning Le 50 Tours CanAm on Sunday.
The Lachanaie, Que., driver took the lead on Lap 28 from Andrew Ranger and didn't look back. Despite hard charges from Ranger and an overtime finish, Tagliani and his No.18 Lowe's/EpiPen/St.Hubert Dodge captured the win for the first time since Edmonton last season.
The GP3R victory also marked Tagliani's first NASCAR Pinty's Series win on the historic road course.
Polesitter Andrew Ranger finished second to extend his sucess at Trois-Rivières, where he's finished no worse than second in his 11 attempts at GP3R. Marc-Antoine Camirand finished third to claim his second podium finish of 2017.
Local favourite and Trois-Rivières native, L.P Dumoulin finished fourth while points leader Alex Labbe rounded out the top five.
J.F Dumoulin and defending series champion Cayden Lapcevich came home sixth and seventh, respectively. D.J Kennington, Simon Dion-Viens and Larry Jackson completed the top ten.
Two-time defending GP3R winner Kevin Lacroix finished 18th after encountering mechanical issues with 12 laps to go.
Labbe now holds a 23 point lead over Lacroix in the championship standings while Lapcevich trails in third, 33 points back from the lead.
The NASCAR Pinty's Series will be back in action Saturday, Aug. 19, for the Bumper to Bumper 300 at Riverside International Speedway. The, two weeks later, they'll be at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park on Labour Day weekend for their annual double-header with the Camping World Truck Series.
Thanks, Alex G.
Oh, replays of the Pinty`s Series race at Edmonton International Raceway will be on TSN2 on Tuesday, Aug. 15, at 1 p.m. and on Wednesday, Aug. 16, at noon EDT.
Still at Trois-Rivieres, the Nissan Micra Cup held its seventh and eighth races of the 2017 season and Albertan Stefan Rzadzinski and Quebecker Xavier Coupal were the winners.
In Race One, Rzadzinski was followed across the line by Olivier Bedard, Kevin King, Coupal, Normand Boyer, Jean-Michel Isabelle, Stefan Gauthier, Valerie Limoges, Jake Exton and Marc-Antoine Cardin.
In the second race, Coupal was followed home by Olivier Bédard, Valerie Limoges, Rzadzinski, Metod Topolnik, Normand Boyer, Stéfan Gauthier, Frédéric Bernier, Jean-Michel Isabelle and Mario Berthiaume.
Bedard leads the points standings going into the Labour Day weekend races at Canadian Tire Motorsport Park.
By the way, Nissan Canada was very involved in this year's Grand Prix weekend. Of particular note was the presentation of a concert in downtown Trois-Rivieres in a park on the banks of the St. Lawrence. A good time, as they say, was had by all.
In the Canadian Touring Car Championship, also at Trois-Rivieres, Mario Guerin won the Friday night race Under The Lights – he races in GT Sport – with Eric Hochgeschurz first in Super Touring and Michel Sallenbach first in Touring cars. Guerin was first again in the second race of the weekend Saturday, with Jean-Francois Hevey first in Super Touring and Sallenbach first again in Touring. In the third race of the weekend later Saturday, Guerin was first again – he swept the weekend – with Hochgeschurz first again in Super Touring and Paul Dargis first in Touring.
Of particular note was the weekend performance of auto dealer Bob Attrell, who went from a Did Not Start (DNS) on Friday night to fifth in the GT class and ninth overall in the first race on Saturday to a third in class and fourth overall in the third and final race later Saturday. I frankly think if there had been a fourth race that Attrell would have won it.
The CTCC will, like the others, be in action on Labour Day weekend at Old Mosport.
Motocross PR man Dave Bennett sent us this information early Monday:
The 2017 Rockstar Energy Drink Motocross Nationals completed its 25th Anniversary season in dramatic fashion Sunday afternoon at RJ Motorsport Park just north of Barrie. With both championships in MX1 and MX2 class still up for grabs at Round 10, Florida's Matt Goerke wrapped up the championship in MX1, edging out France's Christophe Pourcel by only three points. Aylmer, Ontario's, Colton Facciotti finished third overall for the season.
In MX2, Swift Current, Saskatchewan's, Shawn Maffenbeier captured his first overall championship, finishing 44 points ahead of second place Dylan Wright of Richmond, Ont. California's Ryan Surratt secured third, only one point back of Wright.
The series' historic 25th Anniversary season will go down as one of its most competitive seasons ever, with both championships being decided in the last motos on Sunday and numerous winners throughout the season in both classes.
Thanks, Dave.
Okay, Donny Schatz won his 10th - tenth - Knoxville Nationals sprint car championship Saturday night in Iowa. He edged NASCAR star Larson (Larson's NASCAR Cup employer, Chip Ganassi, agreed to let him race despite a contract stipulating he couldn't run the sprints on a Cup Series weekend) and Kerry Madsen, who finished third. Shatz is just about unbeatable; driving for Tony Stewart, he's got the best equipment and personnel and when he's “at work,” he's all business, carefully watching how the track changes from the start of racing till feature time. Then he drives accordingly, either up high on the cushion or down low, tight to the inside. He's an artist on the speedway and a delight to watch race. He's also got an extra $150,000 in his bank account today, as a result of his Knoxville win . . . . Speaking of dirt-track racing, Lucas Smith won the Bomber feature at Ohsweken Speedway Friday night before the rains came and the rest of the program was postponed until this coming Friday or a week later. The speedway website will have all the particulars . . . . . Laurens Wit of Dunrobins and co-driver Jonathan Cox of Owen Sound won the Eastern Canadian Rally Championship's Black Bear Rally north of Belleville while driving a Subaru WRX . . . . . Scott Speed won both Red Bull Rallycross races near Atlantic City . . . . . Mark Wilkins of Toronto and Peter Kox drove an Acura NSX GT3 to victory in the first Pirelli World Challenge GT SprintX race Saturday in Utah. Daniel Mancinelli and Niccolo Schiro won the SprintX race Sunday. I invite you to check out the other winners in the series at WorldChallenge.com. Included, by the way, will be a report on Richmond Hill, Ont., veteran P.J. Groenke's Touring Car class victory. . . . . Mikhail Aleshin is out of the second Schmidt-Peterson Motorsports Indy car for the rest of the season, ostensibly to start testing the team`s new LMP1 car for the 2018 IMSA season. The team didn`t say who will be in the second car the rest of the season. Will it be Robert Wickens, the DTM Series driver from Guelph who will be out of work at the end of the `18 seasons because Mercedes is leaving the touring cars to go Formula E racing? Or that Uruguayan kid who raced for them (SPM) in Indy Lights who announced the other day that he has 70 per cent of the budget for a full season in IndyCar next year? (Hey, kid – how ‘bout spending some of that loot this year? . . .) Or how about Donny Schatz? Now, wouldn't that be refreshing?
Three people were shot dead at point blank range at a drag strip in Wisconsin Sunday. The shooter apparently walked up and started firing. Relatives and friends of the dead were perplexed as to any reason. They said to their knowledge that none had any relationship with the suspect, who remained at large. The last drag-strip murders that I can recall were committed almost 20 years ago at Lancaster Speedway outside Buffalo when the Hell's Angels were are war.
Ace PR man Randy Spencer sends us this information about races held Saturday at Flamboro Speedway outside Hamilton.
The annual Pro Four Modified night was on tap along with a few extra features from the rainout on July 22 at Bennett Chevrolet Flamboro Speedway.
The Grisdale Late Models ran three features and the winners were Mark Burbridge, Kevin Albers and Shawn Chenoweth. The Klotz Auto Repair and Engine Machine Shop Mini Stocks also ran three features and winners were Jake Gilbert with two and Nick Roth with one (in the 71 Russ Aicken car). Ray's Auto Centre & Towing Super Stocks feature winners were Nick Troback and Shawn Arnott. Budget Tire Pure Stock feature wins both went to Rodney Rutherford and both Pro Four Modified features on their special night went to Dan Nanticoke.
Make sure you make plans to join us next Saturday, Aug. 19, for $10 admission at the main grandstand. An extra race has been just added as the Lucas Oil Sportsman Series will have a makeup 100 lap race from a rained-out event Aug. 12 at Peterborough Speedway. Also on hand will be the Super Stocks, Mini Stocks, Pure Stocks, Pro Four Modifieds and the Lucas Oil Can Am Midgets. Check the website for all the details.
We'll do that, Randy.
Now, every now and again, I write something in one of these columns about someone I've known and admired who's no longer with us. So, if you don't mind indulging me for a few paragraphs, I want to tell you about another of the good ones who's shuffled off this mortal coil.
Gerald (Soupy) Campbell, an 11-year CFL veteran who was all-Canadian linebacker for seven years and seven-time Eastern Division all-star who won three Grey Cups with the Ottawa Rough Riders, has died of a heart attack.
I knew him because of his involvement in the early Syl Apps Invitational (later, Memorial) Golf Tournaments in support of various charities in Kingston, Ont., back in the 1990s. The call would go out from ex-Leaf Jim Dorey, tournament chairman, for as many retired NHL and CFL players who could make it to show up and play and Soupy was always among the first to respond.
He was a big, gregarious, funny guy who was a welcome addition to the field each and every year. He helped to raise a lot of money.
So, as his family requested, I offer up this toast: “Cheers, No. 54. See you in the huddle.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WhiteWater Midstream announced that it has recently completed an agreement with WPX Energy, which provides WPX with 300,000 MMBtu/d of natural gas transportation capacity from the Stateline area to Waha and grants WPX a 10 percent ownership interest in Agua Blanca. As part of the agreement, WPX has the right to increase its capacity to 500,000 MMBtu/d and its ownership up to 20 percent.
Construction of Agua Blanca remains on schedule with the initial commissioning of the project expected during the fourth quarter of 2017 and the complete path from Orla to Waha operational by the end of the first quarter of 2018.
“We are excited to be partnering with a company the caliber of WPX on Agua Blanca. Their team has done an extraordinary job in the Delaware Basin positioning WPX for substantial growth over the coming years. WPX is subscribing for a significant amount of capacity on the pipe, and with potential future Permian growth and strong interest from additional shippers, we are already considering expansion options for Agua Blanca,” said WhiteWater Chief Executive Officer Christer Rundlof.
WASHINGTON: The United States has warned countries against supporting non-state actors and terrorist groups trying to obtain or employ nuclear weapons.
“The US will hold accountable any state or non-state actor that supports terrorist efforts to obtain or employ a nuclear weapon,” under secretary of state for political affairs, Tom Shannon, told reporters at a Pentagon news conference where the Trump administration rolled out its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review (NPR).
Neither Shannon nor the NPR report, running into 100 pages, identified any country which could be seen aiding terrorist groups in this regard.
Shannon said that nuclear terrorism remained a major threat in the 21st century and countries need to work to mitigate it.
“The potential threat of non-state actors getting their hands on a nuclear weapon remains at the front of all of our minds,” Shannon told reporters.
Deputy energy secretary Dan Brouillette said the US will keep a close watch on nuclear proliferation activities.
In a special section on nuclear terrorism, the report said the US strategy to combat nuclear terrorism encompasses a wide range of activities that comprise a defence-in-depth against current and emerging dangers.
Orignally published by INP
Detectives have released the last of three men arrested in connection with a stabbing in Leeds city centre.
The 24-year-old man and two 21-year-olds had been arrested on suspicion of wounding with intent.
Police work at the scene of the stabbing in Albion Street, Leeds. Picture: Bruce Rollinson
Read more: Leeds city centre stabbing said to have involved ‘group of males'
It followed an assault in Albion Street which resulted in a 23-year-old man being stabbed at around 4am on Bank Holiday Monday.
The victim was taken to hospital with serious but not life-threatening injuries, West Yorkshire Police said.
Part of Albion Street, close to the junction with Boar Lane, was cordoned off for much of Monday as forensic teams gathered evidence at the scene.
Also in crime: Harrogate man admits causing death by dangerous driving over death of 18-year-old Leeds student on A660
A second police cordon was in place on a pedestrianised area just off Boar Lane, between Holy Trinity Church and Burger King.
Police said on Tuesday that the two 21-year-olds had been released under investigation.
In a further update issued yesterday, a spokeswoman said the 24-year-old had also been released under investigation as enquiries continued.
Also in crime: Inside the ‘evil' Leeds drug factory where gang started international trade
Any witnesses are asked to call Leeds CID on 101, quoting crime reference 13180256788.
Ever-evolving Instagram is reportedly working on a new feature that could take your regramming to the next level. According to TechCrunch, Instagram Stories is testing a post resharing option feature that will allow users to share other users' posts on their stories. Based off the previews from users who have the feature, it seems if this feature moves out of the testing phase, re-shared posts could soon show the original content quoted below — similar to retweets on Twitter. A TechCrunch reader sent screenshots of the new feature to the site, and the news outlet reported that Instagram confirmed that it is indeed testing this new technology among a subset of users. "We're always testing ways to make it easier to share any moment with friends on Instagram," a representative for the social media app told TechCrunch.
This is pretty exciting news, because it's the closest Instagram has come to even testing a regram button in the app. Currently, you either have to screenshot a post or story, or use a regramming app. With an Instagram stories screenshot alert also being tested — which means that the story owner could eventually be notified if you screenshot their content — this method is less than ideal. When my regramming apps have failed me I often turn to screenshots, though I am becoming more wary of this because I don't want to look like a social-media stalker. While it's not clear if IG Stories will be able to be re-shared, this new feature could eventually put your regramming fears to rest.
TechCrunch explained how the testing feature works: "You pick any public, permanent Instagram post and tap a button to embed it in your story. You can tap to change the design to highlight or downplay the post's author, move and resize it within your story post, and add commentary or imagery using Instagram's creative tools," Josh Constine reported. "When people view the story, they can tap on the post embed to bring up a 'see post' button which opens the permanent feed post."
If you turn to Instagram to get out of land of public Twitter retweeting, you can reportedly disable the re-sharing feature so your IG posts can't be quoted by others in a story. However, for people who love retweeting, this new option would make it a whole lot easier to re-share Instagram content, which means people are going to be way more likely to do it. Re-sharing Instagram posts has long been a desired feature among users, but according to an interview with Wired, CEO Kevin Systrom noted that Instagram not having a re-sharing option was a deliberate decision, though all of that could soon be changing.
"We debate the re-share thing a lot. Because obviously people love the idea of re-sharing content that they find. Instagram is full of awesome stuff. In fact, one of the main ways people communicate over Instagram Direct now is actually they share content that they find on Instagram," Systrom explained in a Q&A with Wired reporter Nicholas Thompson in August. "So that's been a debate over and over again. But really that decision is about keeping your feed focused on the people you know rather than the people you know finding other stuff for you to see."
TBH, I direct message Instagram posts to my friends all day. While it's true that Instagram can be a respite from the open battle grounds of Twitter, the re-sharing feature can only make IG better, especially because it will reportedly allow you to opt out of having your posts quoted. Basically it just gives you more choices.
In fact, so many people want to repost, and are weary of taking screenshots, that there is even a Reddit thread dedicated to complaining about the current reposting app options, which can be a little buggy. There's also a ton of articles explaining how to repost on Instagram for tech-challenged people who clearly have major FOMO over not being able to repost. Well my friendlies, it looks like Instagram may soon be giving us everything we want and deserve by making re-sharing IG posts in stories super easy.
Hyderabad: Four persons allegedly involved in organised cricket betting, including the T20 tri-series in Sri Lanka, have been arrested here, police said on Monday.
Sleuths of the Commissioner's Task Force, North Zone Team, Hyderabad, along with local police raided separate premises under the Abids and Kulsumpura police stations on Sunday, a police release said.
Betting activity, including in connection with the T20 tri-series in Sri Lanka, was allegedly going on there, it said.
According to the release, Rs 7.72 lakh, two TV sets, two set-top boxes, 10 cell phones and one calculator were seized.
TWO enterprising birds decided to save their wings by taking a short drive through the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens on a moving car.
A reader was driving slowly through the picturesque gardens this morning when the two birds suddenly hopped on his vehicle's side mirror.
The friendly pair seemed comfortable on their makeshift ride, sitting on the moving car for several seconds and happily chirping to each other before flying off.
"It was quite surreal," the reader said.
"Luckily my window was closed otherwise they might have flown in the car.
"I'm not sure what type of breed the birds were but they seemed very happy chatting away on the side mirror so they are obviously quite tame.
"I'm wondering if other readers have had similar experiences?."
The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens, built from 1873 to 1930s, is known to be home to numerous species of flora and fauna.
Rockhampton Zoo, located in the gardens, is also home to more than 80 birds in four different aviaries.
Native and exotic birds include the dazzling Macaws, Rose-crowned Fruit Doves, Nicobar Pigeons, Eclectus Parrots and Royal Spoonbills to name a few.
The gardens were added to the Queensland Heritage Register on July 23, 1999.
A Rockhampton Regional Council spokesperson later confirmed that the two birds in question were noisy miners.
Demonstrators protest against hate, white supremacy groups and US President Donald Trump on Sunday in Chicago. Protesters were responding to violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia after 3 people were killed and several injured. (Photo: Joshua Lott / AFP/Getty Images)
Bedminster, N.J. — The White House scrambled Sunday to elaborate on President Donald Trump's response to deadly, race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia, as he came under bipartisan scolding for not clearly condemning white supremacists and other hate groups immediately after the altercations.
As the chorus of criticism grew, White Houses aides were dispatched to the morning news shows, yet they struggled at times to explain the president's position. A new White House statement on Sunday explicitly denounced the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups, but it was attributed to an unnamed spokesperson and not the president himself.
Trump remained out of sight and silent, save for a few retweets. One was about two Virginia state policemen killed in a helicopter crash while monitoring the Charlottesville protests, another about a Justice Department probe into the violence.
In the hours after a car plowed into a group of anti-racist counter-protesters on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
Speaking slowly from his New Jersey golf club while on a 17-day working vacation, Trump added: “It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It's been going on for a long, long time.”
The White House statement Sunday went further. “The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” It added: “He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The White House did not attach a name to the statement. Usually, a statement would be signed by the press secretary or another staffer; not putting a name to one eliminates an individual's responsibility for its truthfulness and often undercuts its significance.
Trump's national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said Sunday that he considered the attack to be terrorism. On Saturday, Trump had not responded to reporters' shouted questions about terrorism.
“I certainly think anytime that you commit an attack against people to incite fear, it is terrorism,” McMaster told ABC's “This Week.” ‘'It meets the definition of terrorism. But what this is, what you see here, is you see someone who is a criminal, who is committing a criminal act against fellow Americans.”
The president's homeland security adviser, Tom Bossert, defended the president's initial statement by suggesting that some of the counter-protesters were violent, too. When pressed during a contentious interview on CNN's “State of the Union,” he specifically condemned the racist groups.
The president's daughter and White House aide, Ivanka Trump, tweeted Sunday morning: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-nazis.”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, said he spoke to Trump in the hours after the clashes and that he twice told the president “we have to stop this hateful speech, this rhetoric.” He said he urged Trump “to come out stronger” against the actions of white supremacists.
On Saturday, Republicans joined Democrats in criticizing the president for not specifically calling out white nationalists. Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., tweeted: “Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism.” Added Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla.: “Nothing patriotic about #Nazis,the #KKK or #WhiteSupremacists It's the direct opposite of what #America seeks to be.”
The president did not have any public events on Sunday. White House staff did not share any information on his activities except that he and his staff were monitoring the aftermath of the violence in Virginia.
White nationalists had assembled in Charlottesville to vent their frustration against the city's plans to take down a statue of Confederal Gen. Robert E. Lee. Counter-protesters massed in opposition.
Alt-right leader Richard Spencer and former Ku Klux Klan member David Duke attended the demonstrations. Duke told reporters that the white nationalists were working to “fulfill the promises of Donald Trump.”
Trump's initial comments drew praise from the neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer, which wrote: “Trump comments were good. He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. … No condemnation at all.” The website had been promoting the Charlottesville demonstration as part of its “Summer of Hate” edition.
Charlottesville Mayor Michael Singer, a Democrat, slammed Trump's stance toward hate groups, saying on NBC's “Meet the Press” that he hopes Trump “looks himself in the mirror and thinks very deeply about who he consorted with.”
“Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you,” Signer said.
Trump, as a presidential candidate, frequently came under scrutiny for being slow to offer his condemnation of white supremacists. His strongest denunciation of the movement has not come voluntarily, only when asked, and he occasionally trafficked in retweets of racist social media posts during his campaign. His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, once declared that his former news site, Breitbart, was “the platform for the alt-right.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2w4iiry
By Seth Daniel
As residents grow concerned over the removal of about 40 trees on Constitution Wharf at the newly branded Constitution Center, the developer of the property said it is only temporary growing pains that will be rewarded with a first-class landscape in the near future.
Nadine Firth, who lives in Constitution Marina, said she was horrified last week and weekend when trees along the HarborWalk and on the Constitution Center property began to be cut down.
She said she counted about 40 trees that were removed as part of the re-branding and redevelopment of the Center – which is owned by MassPort and managed by Charles River Real Estate, a division of National Development.
“Potentially more than 40 trees have come down or will come down,” said Firth. “It's horrible. When projects are permitted, they are different than when they are completed and the full impact isn't realized until it happens. We've gone from what was a green HarborWalk to what is now a barren landscape in a week…Urban trees are tricky and successful ones are hard to come by.”
She said the trees have been in place about 17 years, and they offer an oasis for those in the Navy Yard who don't have a backyard or open space in their developments.
Meanwhile, Tucker Kelton of Charles River Real Estate said they plan to do a complete enhancement of the landscape plan around the Center to match the investment in the buildings. He said it may be shocking now, but the end result will be a great improvement.
“There will be some pain during the transition, but I think everyone will be happy with the end result,” he said.
He said they have hired landscape architect CRJA to completely redesign the existing landscape, to include an enhanced pedestrian experience and even outdoor seating and phone charging stations.
“There will be changes during the transition, but at the end, the landscaping will be enhanced and the pedestrian experience will be very much enhanced.”
