PARIS, March 31 France's financial prosecutor confirmed on Friday that it had carried out raids and conducted interviews as part of an international tax evasion probe carried out by the Eurojust organisation.
The financial prosecutor's office added in a statement that some 25 agents were working on the case. Its statement did not identify the names of any companies or individuals being probed.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Leigh Thomas)
São Paulo, April 10 Brazil's currency and stocks declined on Monday, reflecting lingering uncertainty over the passage of a proposed pension reform and the impact of sliding iron ore prices in China. Brazil's real weakened as much as 0.2 percent to 3.14150 reais in midday Monday trading. The benchmark Bovespa stock index fell for the third day in four sessions. Investors are gauging the difficulty of passing a pension reform to cut social security expenses by 700 billion reais ($223 billion) over the next decade. In recent days, informal polls by local media have indicated a lack of congressional support for the plan, which senior government officials are trying to downplay. Expectations that the central bank will cut its benchmark Selic overnight lending rate by a full percentage point on Wednesday have been offset by a wait-and-see approach to the reform agenda, the cornerstone of President Michel Temer's plan to pull Brazil from its worst economic recession on record. "There was no progress in the pension reform process since the last interest-rate meeting" almost 45 days ago, said a research report by Itaú BBA, noting that "resistance in Congress seems to be growing." Preferred shares of Itaú Unibanco Holding SA, the stock with the largest weighting in the Bovespa, fell 0.6 percent. The bank won a 25 billion-real ($8 billion) tax case with the government on Monday, although it can be appealed by tax agency officials. Preferred shares of Vale SA, the world's No. 1 iron ore producer, shed 1.3 percent to 27.20 reais, near a two-week low, as prices for the mineral fell in China. Key Latin American stock indexes and currencies at 1655 GMT: Stock indexes daily % YTD % The Latest change change MSCI Emerging Markets 957.68 -0.41 11.52 MSCI LatAm 2637.26 -0.42 13.14 Brazil Bovespa 64404.66404 -0.29 6.94 Mexico IPC 49207.34 -0.28 7.81 Chile IPSA 4886.97 -0.03 17.72 Chile IGPA 24484.02 0.04 18.09 Argentina MerVal 20860.67 0.64 23.31 Colombia IGBC 10202.83 0.26 0.74 Venezuela IBC 45387.6 -1.36 1076.23 Currencies daily % YTD % change change The Latest Brazil real 3.1428 0.19 -15.44 Mexico peso 18.6625 -0.13 -21.00 Chile peso 652.8 0.41 -7.11 Colombia peso 2869.65 -0.40 -16.78 Peru sol 3.245 0.00 -8.20 Argentina peso (interbank) 15.3000 0.33 -44.12 Argentina peso (parallel) 15.58 0.71 -10.14 ($1 = 3.14 reais) (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Claudia Violante; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Forget all the behind you's and ugly sisters.
Grease will be the Christmas show at Brighton Theatre Royal as the venue continues its non-panto policy (December 11-31).
Leading the cast will Tom Parker, who spent six years in the boy band The Wanted and is now enjoying his first musical-theatre adventure.
Tom reckons the show will be the perfect Christmas treat.
“You picture Grease as a summer show, but actually I think it is one of those feel-good shows that will work brilliantly whatever time of year it is. You just come out of the show feeling happy!”
Tom certainly does.
“I was with The Wanted for six years, and theatre had never really crossed my path, but the producers of Grease came to my management and said would I like to come to audition for the Teen Angel part.
“I went along to the auditions and they came back and asked if I would like to play the part of Danny.
“I can't say I had had a lot of theatre experience, but I went in with an open mind, and I worked on myself. I went to some acting classes, and I was just really keen to spread my wings.
“When you do something for so long, like I did with The Wanted, when you come out of it, it is a bit like going into the unknown.
“It was a scary time in some ways, but like I said, I was wanting to spread my wings, and this was just completely coincidental.”
Had he been cast as the Teen Angel, then undoubtedly, he would have been happy, Tom says. But now he is Danny, he wouldn't take any other role. It's a great part to play.
He quickly felt at home on the stage: “For someone that is used to being on the stage with a successful pop band, you do feel at home I think – even if you are doing something different.
“And Danny is such a fun character to play. It's a really tough one to play, though. It's such an iconic role. It's about finding a balance between putting your own stamp on the character and also giving people what they want and know from John Travolta in the film.
“John Travolta made the character so iconic. You want to give people what they have come for, but also you don't want to be just copying what he did.
“Personally, I feel I am playing the character a bit younger than John did. I am playing him much more as the 16-year-old he is supposed to be, but while still trying to include some of that John Travolta swagger.”
Eight shows a week, two on a Friday and a Saturday, it has all proved harder than Tom thought it would be: “But that stage feels like home even if it is actually very different to being on stage with a band in front of your own fans.”
He feels he has come a long way since starting out in the role back in March.
“I am so different now! If you could look at my first performances, I was like a petrified little kid. I can remember exactly how I felt.
“It was my first-ever musical-theatre show. I was just concentrating on not forgetting the words, but now I feel so much more comfortable and can trust in my own ability. The next time I do a show I won't have that doubt that you get when you have never done a show before.”
And so yes, this is where Tom sees his future career going.
“I am having conversations about a few different shows for next year. I didn't really know what to expect with this one because I didn't really have anything to compare it with, but now I really can compare and know that I will enjoy it.”
April 10 Roxy-pacific Holdings Ltd :
* Roxy-Pacific Goulburn Pty Ltd, has entered into a head of agreement with I-Prosperity Group And Toga D&C P/L and agents
* Deal to sell property to purchaser at a price of A$158 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
April 6 Unilever Plc
* Interview-Unilever cfo says have spoken to top 50 shareholders ahead of our review
* Interview-Unilever cfo says we are looking to produce more value in the short term
* Interview-Unilever cfo says shareholders do not want our long term model to change
* Interview-Unilever cfo says shareholders did not want to spin off of food business
* Interview-Unilever cfo says planned step up in margin will come from the food business
* Interview-Unilever cfo says we get significant synergies from keeping the food business within the group
* Interview-Unilever cfo says will return excess cash periodically in order to return to 2x leverage level
* Interview-Unilever cfo says over time we will get to 2x leverage depending on m&a activity
* Interview-Unilever cfo says expect to see heightened m&a activity
* Interview-Unilever cfo says no change in our strategy for very large m&a deals
* Interview-Unilever cfo says starting a process to sell the spreads business, seeing lots of interest
* Interview-Unilever cfo says brexit will not have an impact on which listing we choose Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Martinne Geller)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JAKARTA May 3 Indonesia's government will delay all planned price increases until after the Muslim festival of Eid al-Fitr this year, to help control inflation, a cabinet minister said on Wednesday.
Annual inflation rose to a 13-month high in April, at 4.17 percent, mainly due to increasing electricity tariffs, the statistics bureau said on Tuesday.
"We will not raise prices of LPG (liquefied petroleum gas), electricity and fuel until after Eid," Darmin Nasution, coordinating minister of economics, told reporters after a limited cabinet meeting with the president.
Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of Islam's holy month of Ramadan, falls at the end of June this year.
Inflation typically picks up in the Muslim majority country during the fasting month as people stock up on food, buy new clothes and travel to their home towns.
Nasution said the delay was meant to maintain inflation "at around 4 percent or slightly above 4 percent" at the end of this year.
The central bank has a target for inflation this year to stay in a range of 3-5 percent. (Reporting by Jakarta bureau; Writing by Gayatri Suroyo; Editing by Robert Birsel)
(Updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 13 London copper rose from its lowest in three months on Thursday after upbeat China trade data for March, and as traders closed positions ahead of the long Easter holiday weekend. China's 2017 export outlook brightened considerably on Thursday as it reported forecast-beating trade growth in March and U.S. President Donald Trump softened his anti-China rhetoric in an abrupt policy shift. "Now that the Easter break is about to start and the LME will be shut for four days many Asian traders will have squared up positions. The markets will have also taken comfort from the positive Chinese data," said Kingdom Futures in a report. "(Still) with premiums still easing ...all eyes (are) on China for signs of the much talked about buying." * LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper rose 1.4 percent to $5,709 a tonne by 0734 GMT, paring losses from the previous session when prices fell more than 2 percent to their lowest since Jan. 10. * HOLIDAYS: The LME will be closed on Friday and Monday for the Easter break. * SHFE COPPER: Shanghai Futures Exchange copper cut early losses to trade down 0.3 percent at 46,480 yuan ($6,753) a tonne. ShFE zinc rose 2 percent. * TRUMP: President Trump said on Wednesday that his administration will not label China a currency manipulator, backing away from a campaign promise, even as he said the dollar was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the economy. * COPPER: China's imports of copper rose 26.5 percent from month ago to 430,000 tonnes in March, data from the General Administration of Customs showed. * ALUMINIUM: China exported 410,000 tonnes of unwrought aluminium and aluminium products, up from February's 260,000 tonnes. China's aluminium makers have stepped up exports as a healthier global manufacturing climate and declining world stockpiles boost demand. * CHINA ECONOMY: China's economy likely grew by a solid 6.8 percent in the first quarter, the same pace as the previous quarter, due to sustained government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying housing market. * China's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system, policy insiders said, to help ensure stability ahead of a five-yearly leadership team transition this year. * Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing the Indonesian government and mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, for three months. * Chile, the world's biggest copper producer, faced a fresh threat of labour action in the sector on Wednesday when a union at the large Chuquicamata mine said it had blocked access as a "warning" over planned changes to job opportunities. * The global zinc market moved into a surplus of 19,800 tonnes in February from a deficit of 22,300 tonnes in January, data from the International Lead and Zinc Study Group (ILZSG) showed on Wednesday. PRICES BASE METALS PRICES Three month LME copper 5707.5 Most active ShFE copper 46480 Three month LME aluminium 1912 Most active ShFE 24 aluminium Three month LME zinc 2612.5 Most active ShFE zinc 21720 Three month LME lead 2259.5 Most active ShFE lead 4 Three month LME nickel 9765 Most active ShFE nickel 19 Three month LME tin 19840 Most active ShFE tin 2 BASE METALS ARBITRAGE LME/SHFE COPPER LMESHFCUc3 700.08 ($1 = 6.8827 Chinese yuan) (Reporting by Melanie Burton; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
LONDON, April 29 Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said that if the United Kingdom left the European Union with an abrupt change of rules for businesses then it could cause confusion for international firms.
The leader of the world's third largest economy said he hoped there would be a transition period to ease the United Kingdom's exit from the EU that is scheduled for March 2019.
"Japan supports a strong UK and a strong Europe," Abe told reporters at a briefing in London. Abe held talks with PM May at Chequers, the country house of the British prime minister.
"It is necessary that the firm solidarity of Europe as a whole is maintained while ensuring a smooth and successful Brexit," Abe said. (Reporting by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by William James and Alistair Smout)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BRIEF-Taiji Computer says dividend payment date on June 21
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 2.18 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 20
March 30 Da Lue International Holding Co Ltd :
* Says it will issue the 1st series domestic unsecured convertible corporate bonds, worth T$400 million
* Says par value and issue price of T$100,000 for the bonds
* Maturity period of three years and coupon rate of 0 percent for the bonds
* Proceeds to be used for bank loan repayment and business extension
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ljLDBV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
April 3Hunan Sundy Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay 2 yuan per 10 shares to shareholders and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as FY 2016 dividend payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/0xWpMw
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Artur Taymazov of Uzbekistan poses with his gold medal in the 120kg men's freestyle wrestling at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games August 21, 2008. REUTERS/Oleg Popov
AARHUS, Denmark Uzbeki wrestler Artur Taymazov was stripped of his freestyle gold medal from the Beijing 2008 Olympics 96-120kg category following a positive doping sample in re-testing, the International Olympic Committee said on Wednesday.
Fellow wrestler Vasyl Fedoryshyn of Ukraine, who won silver in the men's 55-60kg freestyle event at the same Games, was also disqualified along with Russian Svetlana Tzarukaeva, who won silver in the London 2012 women's 63kg weightlifting event.
All three tested positive for the anabolic steroid turinabol.
More than 100 athletes have had positive results in re-tests of samples taken during the London and Beijing 2008 Olympics conducted by the IOC.
The re-testing programme is part of the IOC's efforts to catch cheats using newer testing methods or looking for substances that were not known at the time of past Olympics, and to prevent them from competing in future Games.
Samples are stored for a decade, and for the 2008 and 2012 re-tests Russia has had the most positive cases per nation.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Suning Universal Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT GETS SECURITIES REGULATOR'S APPROVAL TO ISSUE 2.3 BILLION YUAN ($366.53 million) BONDS Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2FDtPzw Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.2750 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
A North Korean soldier plows the land with an ox from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
A taxi is parked in front of retired airplane and tank on display, at a Chinese village bordering North Korea at Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Korean soldiers plow the land with an ox from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
North Korean soldiers walks on a bund from the North Korean side of the Yalu River, as a Chinese boat sails by with tourists, near Sinuiju in North Korea and Dandong in China's Liaoning Province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
Tourists walk on the Broken Bridge, bombed by the U.S. forces in the Korean War and now a tourist site, over the Yalu River that divides North Korea and China, in Dandong, China's Liaoning province, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
DANDONG, China Despite heightened tension on the Korean peninsula and North Korea warning of a nuclear strike against any sign of U.S. aggression, there were few signs of strain on Thursday on the main border post between China and the reclusive nation.
In Dandong, through which about three-quarters of China's trade with North Korea flows, long queues of trucks heading in both directions formed across the Friendship Bridge, despite what locals said was a relative lull due to the North's most important national holiday on Saturday marking the birth of founder president Kim Il Sung.
China has signed up to wide-ranging United Nations sanctions designed at halting Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, and local traders told Reuters that blanket bans on key North Korean commodities exports like coal, iron ore powder and precious metals have dealt a blow to business.
Trade across the border is now mainly food, textiles, plastic goods, other household items and some commodities, the traders said.
Dandong residents said they were well aware of the mounting tension on the Korean peninsula, fuelled by Pyongyang's repeated ballistic missile and nuclear tests, South Korea's installation of the THAAD anti-missile system in response, and a U.S. aircraft carrier group heading to the region in a show of force.
Most expressed a little anxiety, but were largely confident the situation would not flare out of control.
"If a war starts, then the situation on the peninsula will completely get chaotic," said 66-year-old retiree Cai Zhengsun, who was strolling along the Yalu River, which marks the border between the two countries.
"When Xi Jinping spoke with the U.S. president, he mentioned maintaining the peace on the peninsula," Cai said, referring to Wednesday's telephone conversation between the leaders of the China and the United States.
"(Xi) won't allow any attacks. Although the U.S. is the world's hegemonic power, it wouldn't dare to take actions."
China, which shares a long land border with North Korea, is the reclusive state's sole major ally and main trading partner.
At their Florida summit meeting last week, U.S. President Donald Trump pressed Xi to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear programme. Trump said on Tuesday that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and Washington would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The worry is that the reclusive North could hold its sixth nuclear test or more missile launches in defiance of United Nations sanctions around the time of its founder's birth anniversary. Trump has put North Korea on notice that he will not tolerate provocative actions.
TRADE SLOWED
Trade has slowed at the border, Chinese transport workers said.
At one logistics centre for metal shipments visited by Reuters, workers were busy unloading North Korean trucks arriving from across the border. They said flows of North Korean trucks had slowed to a trickle of three or four a day since February, down from the usual 20.
"Only shipments of lead are being allowed through," said the centre's foreman, who asked to be identified only by his last name, Zhang. "We used to trade all metals here, gold, silver, iron ore powder from North Korea – just not copper, they keep it there for military use."
China has long been wary of cutting off trade completely for fear that it could trigger a regime collapse that would send millions of North Koreans surging across the border seeking refuge.
China and North Korea enjoy "normal trade activities", Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told reporters in Beijing.
"It is beyond dispute for us to maintain normal trade relations with North Korea while observing our obligations to the Security Council resolutions," Lu said.
However, away from official channels, unregulated grey market trade continues to flourish. At Dandong's Yicuomao port, a stream of Chinese fishing vessels carries grains and potatoes, besides alcohol, candy and cooking gas, for barter with North Korean fishermen.
The vessels return from one-day round trips to North Korean waters full of fresh seafood. The Chinese fishermen who work the boats say they are often shocked by the apparent poverty of their North Korean counterparts who look "close to starvation".
"What happens to the food we bring when it gets there, I don't know," one said.
(Additional reporting by Christian Shepherd in Beijing; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CME Group Inc:
* CME GROUP REACHED AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME OF 19 MILLION CONTRACTS IN JANUARY 2018, UP 18 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017
* CME GROUP - ‍JANUARY 2018 OPTIONS ADV REACHED 4.5 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 32 PERCENT, WITH ELECTRONIC OPTIONS ADV OF 2.9 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 54 PERCENT
* CME GROUP INC - ‍METALS VOLUME AVERAGED 763,000 CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 45 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP - ‍ENERGY VOLUME AVERAGED 3.1 MILLION CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 22 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP INC - ‍FOREIGN EXCHANGE VOLUME AVERAGED 1.1 MILLION CONTRACTS PER DAY IN JANUARY 2018, UP 19 PERCENT FROM JANUARY 2017​
* CME GROUP INC - JANUARY 2018 GOLD FUTURES AND OPTIONS ADV, UP 45 PERCENT TO 491,000 CONTRACTS
* CME GROUP INC - OPEN INTEREST AT END OF JANUARY 2018 WAS 124 MILLION CONTRACTS, UP 11 PERCENT FROM END OF JANUARY 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
COPENHAGEN Denmark's government is proposing amending legislation to allow it to ban pipeline projects on the grounds of foreign and security policy due to concerns raised by Russian efforts to build a disputed gas pipeline through Danish waters.
The small Nordic country has been caught in a geopolitical conflict as Russian state gas exporter Gazprom and its partners behind the Nord Stream 2 pipeline seek permission to pump more gas to Europe via the Baltic Sea to Germany.
"We want to have the possibility to say yes or no from a perspective of security and foreign policy," the minister of energy and climate, Lars Christian Lilleholt, told Reuters, adding that it was currently only possible to veto such projects on the grounds of environmental concerns.
The EU is divided between eastern European and Baltic Sea countries that see a new pipeline carrying Russian gas across the Baltic making the EU a hostage to Moscow - and those in northern Europe, most especially the main beneficiary Germany, for whom the economic benefits take priority.
Denmark and Sweden earlier this year requested that the European Commission intervene in Nord Stream 2 before the two states agree on permits for the pipeline to pass through their waters. EU diplomats said there was little scope for either nation to block the plan.
The current regulatory framework does not allow Denmark to say "no" to the construction of transit pipelines in territorial waters on the basis of foreign policy considerations, the ministry said in a statement.
Lilleholt said the go-ahead for the pipeline was not a matter for Denmark alone.
"It is a question of establishing a very important pipeline from Russia to Europe, this is not only a question for Denmark," he said.
EU sources have said the Commission, sensing that there may ultimately be no legal basis to block approval of Nord Stream 2, is delaying it as long as possible.
But last week, the EU said it was seeking a mandate from members to negotiate with Russia. Lilleholt said he saw this as "very, very positive".
Nord Stream 2 earlier this week officially delivered its application to Danish authorities which now has to decide on permits for it to pass through Danish waters. This assessment will be made on the basis of existing rules, the ministry said.
The Nord Stream 2 project has previously said it does not see it as a task for the European Commission "to make a political judgment on whether investments are needed by the market or not".
Denmark's right-wing minority government would now negotiate with other parties to win support for the proposal.
(Reporting by Stine Jacobsen; Editing by Ros Russell)
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
LONDON, March 31 The London Metal Exchange (LME) has imposed a $1.4 million fine on the metals warehouse unit of commodity group Glencore over alleged falsified documents, it said in a statement.
The exchange, the world's oldest and largest market for industrial metals, said Glencore's Access World agreed to pay the fine "without admitting any of the alleged breaches". "The exchange reminds the market that it expects its listed warehouses ... to act with integrity at all times," the LME, owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd., said in the statement. (Editing by David Evans)
Video posted on social media shows part of an incident on a United Airlines flight that led to the plane being diverted to Auckland.
Flight UA870 from Sydney to San Francisco was carrying 252 passengers on New Year's Day when the incident with a passenger happened.
United Airlines said in a statement that a "disruptive passenger who did not comply with instructions was removed from the UA870 flight".
In one of the videos posted online, a passenger can be heard swearing at a flight attendant.
He is later filmed being escorted from the plane by New Zealand police officers after the flight had landed in Auckland.
Immigration NZ told 1 NEWS that an American National was denied entry to New Zealand as he did not meet entry and border requirements.
As of last night he was in police custody while arrangements were made for him to board a flight back to the US.
Passengers on the diverted flight were put up hotels in Auckland.
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 The leader of a South African opposition party said he planned to file for disciplinary or impeachment proceedings against President Jacob Zuma in a court application on Thursday.
Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) leader Julius Malema said the application to the Constitutional Court would seek to order the Speaker of Parliament to institute the action against Zuma.
Malema said the filing was linked to a decision by the Constitutional Court last March, when it ordered Zuma to return some of the $16 million spent on enhancing his residence at Nkandla in KwaZulu-Natal province. Zuma since has taken out a home loan to repay some of the state money.
The ultra-left EFF party said in a statement the Nkandla saga "renders him (Zuma) unfit to hold the high office of President." (Reporting by James Macharia; editing by John Stonestreet)
DENVER A group of U.S. state insurance regulators should use New York's sweeping cybersecurity rules as a model for how insurers must protect their networks from hackers and when they must disclose cyber events, New York's financial regulator said on Sunday.
"We believe the best way for industry to focus on the threat of cybersecurity is to have a consistent framework," said Maria Vullo, superintendent of the New York State Department of Financial Services at a meeting of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) in Denver. "The New York regulation is a road map with rules of the road."
Vullo made the remarks to a task force of state insurance commissioners who have been wrestling with developing a uniform cybersecurity law that all states can choose to adopt for insurers.
New York's cybersecurity rules took effect on March 1.
They followed a series of high-profile data breaches that resulted in losses of hundreds of millions of dollars to U.S. companies, including Target Corp , Home Depot Inc and Anthem Inc .
The rules lay out steps that New York banks and insurers must take to protect their networks and customer data from hackers and disclose cyber events to state regulators.
Firms, for example, must scrutinize security at third-party vendors that provide them goods and services. They must also perform risk assessments in order to design a cybersecurity program particular to them. Covered entities must annually certify compliance.
Institutions subject to the regulation include state-chartered banks, as well as foreign banks licensed to operate in the state, along with insurers that do business in New York.
The NAIC task force is about to develop its fourth draft of a proposed model cybersecurity law since forming in 2015. Insurance commissioners have been unable to reach a consensus on several points, including standards for circumstances in which insurers must notify customers of a breach.
Model laws, which cover a variety of subjects, typically lead to more uniformity among states. But they first must be finalized and approved by organizations developing them before being considered by state lawmakers.
The task force is aiming to develop another draft by May 9.
(Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
March 31 Pharmasimple SA:
* FY operating loss 0.7 million euros ($748,510) versus loss of 0.1 million euros year ago
* FY net loss 0.9 million euros versus loss of 0.4 million euros year ago
* FY consolidated revenue 11.3 million euros versus 6.8 million euros year ago
* 2017 financial year should enable Co to significantly increase its profitability
* Pharmasimple plans to transfer to Alternext in the course of 2017 Source text: bit.ly/2ohOnIU Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9352 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 20 Groupe Open SA:
* Q1 revenue 83.9 million euros ($90.2 million) versus 76.4 million euros year ago
* Maintains its objective of 500 million euros in revenue and 10 percent of recurring operating profit in 2020
* Confirms for the year 2017 its objective of growth of its revenue and its results Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9307 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 10 Amaysim Australia Ltd
* Acquisition of Click Energy Group Holdings Pty Ltd
* Has entered into a binding agreement to acquire 100% of Click Energy Group Holdings Pty Ltd
* Acquisition of 100% of Click for a total consideration of $120 million
* Acquisition is expected to be 20%+ eps accretive for amaysim shareholders in 2018 financial year
* Transaction to be funded with $40 million scrip6 and $80 million of cash consideration to click vendors
* Acquisition will deliver annual pre-tax cost synergies of approximately $5 million by end of fy18f
* Acquisition to materially increases size of Amaysim with combined Amaysim,click business generating a pro forma fy17f net revenue of $497 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 28 Nimble Storage Inc:
* Nimble Storage -on March 24, David Ettel filed putative securities class action complaint in U.S. District court against co, individual members of board
* Nimble Storage Inc - Ettel complaint asserts co, certain directors violated sections 14(e), 14(d)(4), and 20(a) of exchange act Source text :(bit.ly/2o1zkD0) Further company coverage:
April 12 Indian shares ended lower on Wednesday as investors kept to the sidelines ahead of Infosys results on Thursday, while geopolitical concerns continued to weigh on the sentiment.
The benchmark BSE index closed down 0.49 percent at 29,643.48.
The broader NSE index ended 0.36 percent lower at 9,203.45.
For midday report click (Reporting by Tanvi Mehta in Bengaluru)
March 30 PTC Inc:
* PTC Inc - on March 24, 2017, PTC Inc. Entered into amendment no. 5 to credit agreement dated as of November 4, 2015 - sec filing
* PTC Inc - amendment reduces revolving loan commitment under credit agreement to $600 million from $900 million
* PTC Inc - giving effect to amendment, co could have borrowed $230 million under credit agreement as of beginning of q2 that ends April 1, 2017
* PTC Inc - amendment reduces foreign currency borrowing sublimit to $350 million from $500 million Source text (bit.ly/2nkHOAE) Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
REFILE-BRIEF-Fangda Jinhua Chemical Technology scraps acquisition, to invest in two tech firms
* Says it signs framework agreements to buy stakes in two tech firms for a combined up to 1.1 billion yuan ($161.87 million)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The Eagles perform during the 42nd Country Music Awards in Nashville, Tennessee, November 12 , 2008. REUTERS/Tami Chappell
REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Tourists pose for a photograph outside Hotel California in the town of Todos Santos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Tourists pose for a photograph outside Hotel California in the town of Todos Santos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Tourists walk past Hotel California in the town of Todos Santos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
A general view shows Hotel California in the town of Todos Santos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
Tourists are seen in front of Hotel California in the town of Todos Santos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Fernando Castillo FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
The Eagles have filed a lawsuit accusing the owners of a Mexico hotel of using the name "Hotel California," arguably the band's most famous song, without permission.
In a complaint filed late Monday, the Eagles said owners of the 11-room Todos Santos hotel in Baja California Sur "actively encourage" guests to believe the hotel is associated with the band, in order to sell t-shirts and other merchandise, and make guests feel welcome.
This allegedly included piping "Hotel California" and other Eagles songs through the hotel sound system, and selling t-shirts in that refer to the hotel as "legendary," resulting in apparent confusion among many guests who posted online reviews.
READ: Mexican singer Luis Miguel surrenders to U.S. marshals
The Eagles also noted that the defendant Hotel California Baja LLC has applied with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to register the Hotel California name.
"Defendants lead U.S. consumers to believe that the Todos Santos Hotel is associated with the Eagles and, among other things, served as the inspiration for the lyrics in 'Hotel California,' which is false," the complaint said.
The lawsuit filed in Los Angeles federal court seeks a variety of damages and a halt to any infringement.
READ: Janet Jackson to go back on tour after time off for family
Neither the hotel nor the lawyer who filed its trademark application immediately responded on Tuesday to requests for comment.
The Todos Santos hotel was named Hotel California when it opened in 1950, but went through a series of name changes before a Canadian couple, John and Debbie Stewart, bought it in 2001, and according to the Eagles began using the original name in marketing. Its website is ((hotelcaliforniabaja.com/)).
"Hotel California" is the title track from the 1976 Eagles album of the same name, and won the 1977 Grammy award for record of the year.
It is known for its long guitar outro featuring Don Felder and Joe Walsh, and complex lyrics sung by Don Henley.
In an interview with CBS News last year, Henley said the song is about "a journey from innocence to experience. It's not really about California; it's about America."
The case is Eagles Ltd v Hotel California Baja LLC et al, U.S. District Court, Central District of California, No. 17-03276.
(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is concerned about the potential use of sarin gas in Syria, U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Friday, a day after Washington warned it was prepared to consider military action if necessary to deter chemical weapons attacks by the Syrian government.
Mattis, speaking with reporters, said the Syrian government had repeatedly used chlorine as a weapon. He stressed that the United States did not have evidence of sarin gas use.
“We are even more concerned about the possibility of sarin use, (but) I don't have the evidence,” Mattis said. “What I am saying is that other groups on the ground - NGOs, fighters on the ground - have said that sarin has been used, so we are looking for evidence.”
Mattis did not provide further details on which reports on the use of sarin he was referring to.
However, the Syrian Negotiations Commission (SNC), an opposition group, said chemical weapons had been used by the government of Bashar al-Assad in Ghouta.
Rescue workers and medical groups working in the rebel-held enclave of Eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, have accused government forces of using chlorine gas three times over the last month, including early on Thursday.
“Chemical weapons are being used in Ghouta and we have proof,” SNC spokesman Yahya al-Aridi told Reuters.
A deadly sarin attack on another rebel-held area in April 2017 prompted President Donald Trump to order a U.S. missile strike on the Shayrat airbase, from which the Syrian operation is said to have been launched.
“We are on the record and you all have seen how we reacted to that, so they would be ill-advised to go back to violating the chemical (weapons) convention,” Mattis said.
France said on Friday it was “deeply concerned” that Syria's government was flouting its pledges to stop using chemical weapons and Paris was working with its partners to shed light on recent suspected toxic gas attacks.
In 2013, Syria said it would give up all of its chemical weapons. In the past two years, a joint United Nations and Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) inquiry found the Syrian government used the nerve agent sarin and several times used chlorine as a weapon.
U.S. officials have said the Syrian government may be also developing new types of chemical weapons.
The Syrian army and government have consistently denied using chlorine or other chemical weapons during the war and has said it cooperates with international investigations.
March 30 Marvipol SA:
* Reported on Wednesday FY revenue ​of 657.6 million zlotys ($167.01 million)versus adjusted revenue 413.8 million​ zlotys a year ago
* FY net profit was 46.7 million zlotys versus ​adjusted net profit 25.0 million zlotys a year ago
* Aims to increase sales in 2017 by at least several percent
* Plans to invest in the development of the Jaguar Land Rover dealership in Poland
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9375 zlotys)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The new chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America says he is optimistic about the movie and theatrical exhibition business.
Rivkin and John Fithian, the president and CEO of the National Association of Theater Owners delivered a state of the industry speech Tuesday morning at the annual CinemaCon convention in Las Vegas addressing concerns like waning audiences and increased competition from streaming.
Both stressed that there are ups and downs every year and that theaters will continue to survive.
CinemaCon is an annual gathering of theater owners and exhibitors, during which they get a look upcoming films from major Hollywood studios and a preview of some of the latest and greatest in theatrical technologies and even concession options.
* S&P 500, Dow on pace for best 1st qtr since 2013
* JPMorgan, Wells Fargo weigh on S&P 500
* Dow -0.28 pct, S&P -0.10 pct, Nasdaq +0.02 pct (Updates to afternoon)
By Noel Randewich
March 31 Wall Street edged lower on Friday, held down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations.
Major indexes have hit a series of record highs following the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from a raft of robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth.
For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 is on track to end 5.6 percent higher with the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 4.5 pct, their biggest first-quarter gains in four years.
Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15.
"Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow."
At 2:25 pm ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.28 percent at 20,671.29 points, while the S&P 500 had lost 0.10 percent to 2,365.55.
The Nasdaq Composite added 0.02 percent to 5,915.42.
Six of the 11 major S&P sectors fell, with the financial index down 0.57 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.32 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 0.78 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 1.92 percent.
FMC Corp rallied 13.77 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.39 percent
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, with a 1.3 percent gain.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.52-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 16 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 87 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 10 Atac Resources Ltd :
* Atac Resources Ltd. announces property earn-in agreement with Barrick Gold Corporation
* Transactions consist of a potential total investment by Barrick of approximately $63.3 million
* As per transactions, Barrick can acquire an interest in central portion of Atac's Rackla Gold Property
* Barrick will increase its shareholding in Atac from approximately 9.2% to 19.9% and will have right to maintain that interest in Atac
* As per transactions, Barrick will make an $8.3 million investment in Atac
* Flow-through placement proceeds to be used to partially fund previously announced 2017 exploration program at Osiris and Rau Projects Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Sherritt to cut stake in Ambatovy project to 12 pct from 40 pct
* Sumitomo's stake to rise to 47.7 pct, Kores' stake to 40.3 pct
* Additional stakes are in exchange for debt relief (Recasts with Sumitomo announcement, updates dateline)
May 2 Sumitomo Corp said on Tuesday it and Korea Resources Corp (Kores) will get a larger stake in the Ambatovy nickel project in Madagascar, as part of a debt restructuring deal with partner Sherritt International Corp .
Sherritt's stake in the project will be reduced to 12 percent from 40 percent in exchange for the elimination of C$1.4 billion ($1.02 billion) of debt owed to Sumitomo and Kores, according to the revised joint venture agreement.
The revised terms "removes the largest area of uncertainty for both Ambatovy and Sherritt," Sherritt Chief Executive David Pathe said on Monday.
Sumitomo's stake will increase to 47.7 percent from 32.5 percent and Kores' share will climb to 40.3 percent from 27.5 percent, Sumitomo said.
Toronto-based Sherritt said it will remain the operator of Ambatovy, which consists of a nickel-cobalt mine and processing and refining facilities, until at least 2024.
The deal is expected to be finalized by the end of September, a Sumitomo spokeswoman said.
Sumitomo's total exposure to the Ambatovy project was around $1.7 billion, including about $600 million loans to Sherritt.
Sumitomo said in February nickel output at Ambatovy reached 42,100 tonnes in 2016, and was expected to rise to 48,000-52,000 tonnes this year.
But Sherritt said last month that Ambatovy nickel production in the first quarter of this year was down 14 percent from a year ago, and down 25 percent from the previous quarter.
($1 = 1.3660 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Nicole Mordant in VANCOUVER and Yuka Obayashi in TOKYO; Editing by Leslie Adler, James Dalgleish and Randy Fabi)
* STOXX 600 ends at 20-month high, up 0.75 pct
* Euro zone factory activity hits 6-year high
* Ocado jumps on M&S delivery tie-up report
* Flows recovering at Aberdeen (Adds details, closing prices)
By Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni
LONDON, May 2 European shares kicked off the first trading day of May with gains underpinned by healthy corporate earnings, and manufacturing data added to evidence of a robust underlying economy in the region.
Financials and industrial stocks provided the biggest boost to the pan-European STOXX 600, which ended up 0.75 percent, its highest level since August 2015.
French bluechips rose to their highest point in nearly a decade and Germany's DAX wound up at a new all-time high, while the euro zone STOXX index bounced to its highest level for two years.
With about a third of the MSCI Europe having reported first-quarter results, corporate profit growth in the region was running neck-and-neck with the healthy clip seen in the United States. Overall, for the first quarter earnings in Europe are seen growing 13.9 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Brokers were watching the first-quarter results season as a crucial factor in their argument for European equities' outperformance.
Euro zone factory activity hit a six-year high in April, a PMI survey showed, as demand remained strong despite rising prices.
This added to a series of data points indicating the economic backdrop for European corporates was improving.
"The economy is doing better within Europe, but these also tend to be global companies," said Isabelle Mateos Y Lago, chief multi-asset strategist at Blackrock.
"The main reason why we are optimistic is because European companies are extremely well plugged in to benefit from the global reflation story, from China and US growth picking up."
British oil major BP gained 1.6 percent after its first-quarter profits tripled, thanks to higher oil prices and production.
Fund manager Aberdeen gained 4.3 percent after its first-half results added to signs of fightback by active fund managers against the passive tracker funds eroding their market share.
The pace of outflows from Aberdeen's funds slowed slightly and revenues rose 10.6 percent thanks to market gains and cost cuts.
Shares in online food delivery company Ocado jumped up to 8.9 percent. Traders cited a report of a delivery tie-up with supermarket M&S. Ocado's shares are among the most-heavily shorted in the UK.
Swiss materials company OC Oerlikon gained 6.7 percent after it raised its targets for sales and orders for 2017, reporting a strong first quarter.
Among fallers, Swedish polymer producer Hexpol dropped 9.4 percent after broker Kepler Cheuvreux cut the stock to "hold" from "buy", saying that following a recent rally the company's shares now reflected expected growth.
Kepler analysts were still relatively positive on the company, saying strong cash flow and balance sheet leave room for acquisitions to drive growth.
Jyske Bank underperformed Europe's financials, down 3.5 percent after the Danish lender posted first-quarter results with weaker net interest income and capital ratio. It traded in heavy volume and scored its worst day in six months.
Fiat Chrysler fell 4.2 percent after data showing its U.S. car sales dropped 7 percent in April. (Reporting by Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Vikram Subhedar and Mark Heinrich)
São Paulo, March 30 Brazil's National Monetary Council decided on Thursday to reduce the interest rate at which state development bank BNDES pegs its loans.
The CMN, Brazil's highest economic body comprised of the finance and planning ministers and central bank president, said the TJLP rate will fall to 7 percent from 7.50 percent. (Reporting by Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Sandra Maler)
SYDNEY Three teams, one from Australia and two from South Africa, will be axed from Super Rugby as the mainly southern hemisphere competition reverts to 15 teams for next season, governing body SANZAAR said on Sunday.
The South African and Australian unions will make the decision over which of their teams will go but the Perth-based Western Force, Bloemfontein side the Cheetahs and Port Elizabeth-based Kings look most vulnerable to the axe.
Australia's remaining four teams will be joined by Japan's Sunwolves in one conference in the restructured competition with Argentina's Jaguares and the four South African teams in another.
New Zealand, whose long dominance of the competition has intensified over the last couple of years, will retain all five teams in a third conference.
"This decision has not been an easy one and we recognise the difficulty associated with reducing the number of teams in Australia and South Africa," SANZAAR chairman Brent Impey said in a statement.
"Naturally we understand that there will be some very disappointed franchises but the tournament's long-term future and the economic reality of the business at present is something that had to be addressed."
The axings come after widespread criticism of the first season of the 18-team format, which was introduced in 2016 after the Jaguares and the Sunwolves joined the competition and the Kings returned.
SANZAAR, made up of the South African, New Zealand, Australian and Argentine unions, met in London last month to try and hammer out a solution to the problems of an over-complicated structure and a dilution in the quality of the product.
Negotiations with broadcasters, who agreed a four-year deal in 2016, and other stakeholders followed amidst a fury of speculation and uncertainty.
Attention will now turn again to the teams to be axed.
The Australian Rugby Union (ARU) have called a news conference on Monday to address to restructure, while South African Rugby said they would "begin internal consultations" over which teams to cut.
"As a rugby nation we need several strong franchises all of whom are in with a serious chance of challenging for the title and we could no longer say that," said SA Rugby chief Jurie Roux.
"A reduction in the number of South African franchises was the unavoidable conclusion ..."
While the Kings finished bottom of the standings in their first season in 2013 and second bottom on their return last year, the Cheetahs have been much more competitive over their 13 seasons.
Founded as an expansion team in 2006, the Western Force have struggled financially and managed a winning record in just two of their 12 seasons.The competition started as the Super 12 in 1996, a year after the sport turned professional. It was expanded to 14 teams from 2006 and 15 in 2011 after the Melbourne Rebels were added.
The Rebels have not managed much better than the Force on the pitch but are privately owned, while the Western Australian franchise had to be bailed out by the cash-strapped ARU last year.
Impey said the Sunwolves had not been considered for the axe despite their poor playing record in their debut season.
"The decision to retain the Sunwolves is linked directly to SANZAAR's strategic plan for the future," he added.
"The potential for growth of the sport in Asia off the back of the establishment of the Sunwolves and the impending World Cup (in Japan) in 2019 is significant."
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
BUENOS AIRES, March 31 Argentina will raise gas prices an average 24 percent for consumers and companies starting April 1 in its latest bid to cut subsidies, control spending and reduce the country's high fiscal deficit, the government said on Friday.
Prices will rise between 19 percent and 34 percent for homes and up to 46 percent for companies, Energy Minister Juan Aranguren said at a news conference.
"The increase will end up at an average 24 percent nationwide for the residential and commercial sectors starting tomorrow, April 1," he told reporters.
The government held a public hearing on the price rise on March 10. The Supreme Court halted an earlier attempt at raising gas prices in August, saying the government did not hold a required hearing prior to announcing the increase.
The Argentine government sets gas prices for the country and has been raising them over the last few months.
President Mauricio Macri has implemented a number of market-friendly reforms since taking office in December 2015, including taking the country out of default to return to global credit markets and cutting subsidies after years of free-spending populism left a gaping fiscal deficit.
His government expects the deficit to fall from 4.2 percent this year to 3.2 percent in 2018 and 2.2 percent in 2019. (Reporting by Walter Bianchi and Maximilian Heath; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Ahli United Bank
* Shareholders approve authorized capital increase to $2.5 billion from $2 billion
* Shareholders extend by two years standing authorization for board to decide on issue of upto $4 billion in bonds and other financial instruments Source: (bit.ly/2oksl5p) Further company coverage:
Six criminal suspects have been arrested in Petauke district for allegedly killing an 82 year old man of Chinjili Village.
Eastern Province Police Commissioner Alex Chilufya has named the victim as Andisela Lungu, of Chief Nyamphande's area.
Mr. Chilufya has told Breeze News the brutal murder incident occurred on Monday adding that the victim was attacked with stones and other blunt objects, which include sticks.
He says the victim was suspected of bewitching a relative of the suspects, which relative has since died.
Mr. Chilufya says the body of the victim is lying in Petauke District Hospital Mortuary awaiting post-mortem.
He named the suspects as headman Chinjili, aged 44 years, Mary Njobvu aged 18 years, Frederick Daka aged 55, Harrison Mwale aged 31, Alick Kapele aged 24, and, Jaston Daka, whose age is not known, all of Chief Nyamphande's area.
Mr. Chilufya says investigations are on-going and that all the suspects are in Police custody.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May delivers a speech to Conservative Party members in Mawdesley village hall, Ormskirk, Britain May 1, 2017. REUTERS/Andrew Yates
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at a campaign event in Bristol, Britain May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at a campaign event in Bristol, Britain May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at a campaign event in Bristol, Britain May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party holds a 19-point lead over the main opposition Labour Party ahead of a national election on June 8, down a couple of points from last week, according to an opinion poll on Tuesday.
The ICM poll for the Guardian newspaper showed support for the Conservatives at 47 percent, down a point from a week ago.
Labour gained a point to 28 percent, while the Liberal Democrats fell two points to 8 percent, a level of support shared with the pro-Brexit UK Independence Party (UKIP).
Other polls have also shown a slight decline in the Conservative Party's lead over Labour over the last week, but they still point to a sizeable majority for May.
(Reporting by Andy Bruce; editing by Stephen Addison)
FILE PHOTO - Amancio Ortega, chairman of Spanish global fashion group Inditex, laughs during a visit of Spain's Princess Letizia and Crown Prince Felipe to his factory in Coruna, northern Spain December 2, 2008. REUTERS/Miguel Vidal
MADRID The charitable foundation of Europe's richest man, Amancio Ortega, said on Wednesday it would spend 320 million euros ($344 million) to acquire the latest breast cancer-screening technology for public hospitals across Spain.
It will be the biggest outlay to date by the Amancio Ortega Foundation, which is funded by dividend payments from Ortega's nearly 60 percent stake in Inditex, the world's biggest fashion retailer and owner of the Zara chain.
The foundation has already bought machines for screening and radio therapy treatment of breast cancer in hospitals in Galicia and Andalusia, and with this donation will extend the scheme to public hospitals throughout Spain.
The foundation was set up in 2001 with proceeds from Inditex's stock market flotation, but this latest donation marks a sharp increase in spending. In 2015, the latest available annual data, the foundation spent 24 million euros.
Projects so far have focused on Spain, including scholarships for students to study abroad and the building of early learning centers in Ortega's home region of Galicia.
The increase in spending makes the foundation one of the biggest charitable donors in Spain, but it is still dwarfed by big global philanthropic organizations like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation which doled out over $4 billion globally in grants in 2015.
Inditex's dividend payments, which largely finance the Amancio Ortega Foundation, amounted to over 1 billion euros for the financial year ended January 2017.
Ortega was ranked as the fourth richest man in the world by Forbes in 2017, with a personal wealth of $71.3 billion, although most of his wealth depends on the stock market valuation of his majority stake in Inditex.
(Reporting by Sonya Dowsett; Editing by Susan Fenton)
DUBAI Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Sunday condemned as "flagrant U.S. aggression on Syria" a U.S. missile strike on a Syrian air base this week and criticised Gulf Arab states for supporting it, state television reported.
Rouhani called on Saturday for an impartial investigation of the suspected chemical weapons attack in Syria which killed at least 70 people, and he warned that the U.S. strikes in response risked escalating extremism in the region.
In a phone call with Syrian counterpart Bashar al-Assad, Rouhani told him, "Allegations that Syria launched the chemical attack were just a pretext to disrupt the Syrian peace process", according to Press TV.
The Syrian state news agency SANA said Assad told Rouhani the Syrian people and army were "determined to crush terrorism in every part of Syrian territory" - a reference to rebels and militants fighting his rule for six years - and thanked him for Iran's support for "the Syrian nation".
In a speech on Sunday, Rouhani also criticised U.S.-allied Gulf Arab states for endorsing the U.S. missile strike.
"Unfortunately, there are countries in our own region which encourage America's acts of aggression," Rouhani said in remarks carried by state television. "Your turn will come too."
Saudi Arabia hailed the strike as a "courageous decision" by President Donald Trump and a Saudi ally, the United Arab Emirates echoed that support. Both countries belong to the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State militants in Syria.
(Reporting by Dubai newsroom; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Australian comedian Rebel Wilson wins defamation suit
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian comedian Rebel Wilson has won a defamation suit against a global magazine publisher after the Victorian Supreme Court found a series of articles alleging she was a serial liar had damaged her career, local media reported on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A logo of China Evergrande Group is displayed at a news conference on the property developer's annual results in Hong Kong, China March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG China Evergrande Group (3333.HK), sitting on corporate China's second-biggest debt pile, on Tuesday vowed to enhance debt control from 2017 by repaying most of its high-interest loans, and said it was confident its leverage ratio will fall after strong sales and an A-share backdoor listing this year.
The country's largest homebuilder said it has started a second round of strategic investment fundraising, worth up to 20 billion yuan ($2.91 billion) and expected to be complete in May, as part of a backdoor listing valued at 198 billion yuan.
Evergrande in October said it would inject almost all of its property assets, held by a subsidiary, into ShenZhen Special Economic Zone Real Estate & Properties Group Co Ltd (ShenZhen Real Estate) 000029.SZ.
It later raised 30 billion yuan as part of a first round of fundraising by selling 13.2 percent of shares in the subsidiary. The buyers will eventually be entitled to ShenZhen Real Estate stock when the assets are transferred.
But it is the size of Evergrande's debt, at $78 billion as at the end of 2016, racked up during corporate and land acquisitions, that has captured investor attention.
Last week, Evergrande added to its debt with a $1 billion seven-year bond that sold briskly due to its high yield of 9.5 percent. That followed a $1.5 billion dual tranche issued in the same week.
"Large debt comes with a large land bank ... Evergrande has the largest land bank in China," Chief Executive Officer Xia Haijun said at an earnings briefing. "As our land bank appreciates, the high debt ratio is without risk."
Xia said Evergrande will repay half of its perpetual capital instrument - high-interest debt "disguised" as equity - in the first half of 2016, and a total of two-thirds by the end of the year. The instrument rose 49 percent last year to 112.9 billion yuan.
It was not the first time Evergrande said it would reduce its perpetual capital instrument. The developer said in 2015 it would repay over 10 billion yuan that year yet the instrument grew larger.
EARNINGS
Evergrande on Tuesday reported an 89 percent jump in 2016 core profit to 20.81 billion yuan due to a real estate market that saw a strong increase in sales prices and volumes.
Total borrowings rose 80 percent to 535.1 billion yuan. Total cash rose a similar degree to 304.3 billion yuan, providing comfort to shareholders concerned about the debt.
Evergrande shares ended Tuesday 2.9 percent higher, versus a 0.6 percent gain in Hong Kong's benchmark stock index .HSI.
(Reporting by Clare Jim; Editing by Himani Sarkar and Christopher Cushing)
The logo of Foxconn, the trading name of Hon Hai Precision Industry, is seen on top of the company's headquarters in New Taipei City, Taiwan March 29, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo
TAIPEI Taiwan's Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics maker and a key Apple Inc supplier, on Friday reported 30 percent growth in fourth quarter net profit from a year ago, defying expectations for a decline.
The profit was likely to have been boosted by solid bookings for Apple's bigger-sized iPhone 7 models, which Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co assembles, analysts said.
Net profit in the final three months of 2016 ended four quarters of year-on-year declines to reach T$68.77 billion ($2.26 billion), up from T$52.93 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, according to a Reuters calculation based on Foxconn's full year 2016 results.
It was well ahead of the T$48.78 billion forecasts by analysts polled by Reuters and double the T$34.64 billion recorded in the third quarter of 2016.
For 2016 as a whole, Foxconn's net profit totaled T$148.7 billion, up 1.2 percent from 2015, the company said in a filing to the Taiwan Stock Exchange on Friday.
Foxconn did not break out its fourth quarter figures and did not elaborate on its results.
Analysts see a brighter year for Foxconn in 2017, following a turnaround at its majority-owned Sharp Corp, more orders expected for the bigger-sized iPhone 7 models, and the expected launch of the 10th anniversary iPhone later this year.
Foxconn's quarterly net profits had been expected to grow again year-on-year from the first quarter of this year, analysts said.
The outlook comes as Foxconn is looking at Toshiba Corp's chip business, as potentially its next big purchase after taking a majority stake in Sharp last year.
Last month, Japanese display maker Sharp lifted its full-year profit guidance after posting its first quarterly net profit in more than two years .
Foxconn's profit gain came despite revenue falling last year by 2.8 percent, the first decline since the company listed shares on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in 1991, according to company information.
(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Randy Fabi)
Health officials are warning people to take precautions as Colorado and the country face a particularly bad flu season.
ER Specialists Urgency Center is ready to help treat all flu symptoms from minor to severe and still has a supply of flu vaccine left.
As of Jan. 13, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that 32 states have experienced high flu activity. Colorado is among nine other states experiencing moderate activity.
While “moderate” by CDC standards, it is widespread in Colorado as the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment reports that 2,366 people have been hospitalized since Oct. 1. In contrast, state health officials reported 3,340 flu-related hospitalizations during the prior flu season that ran from Oct. 2, 2016, through May 27, 2017. Media outlets are reporting that three times as many flu victims as normal have been hospitalized this flu season.
Health officials attribute many hospitalizations to a type of Influenza A called H3N2, which can mutate during the vaccine production process and make vaccines less effective. They still urge people to consider getting a flu vaccination as it's still the best prevention strategy available. It also is not too late to get a vaccination, said Dr. Julie Marmon, owner and partner of ER Specialists Urgency Center.
“No doubt about it, the flu is nasty this year,” she said. “The vaccine coverage isn't great, the season started early and IV fluid bas are backordered because of the hurricane damage in Puerto Rico.
“The good news? If you have a flu shot it is likely that your symptoms will be less severe. It is not too late to get a flu shot. A lot of places are out, but we have the quadrivalent vaccine for anyone 4 years and older.”
The Colorado Springs urgent care center offers walk-in flu shots with no appointment necessary. The urgent care center can also treat all flu symptoms from minor to severe.
The ER Specialists Urgency Center is located at 4194 Royal Pine Drive, Suite 100, in Colorado Springs, 80920. The center is a fully equipped emergency room offering emergency room treatment at urgent care rates. It offers urgent care in Colorado Springs for anything from cuts and sprains to chest pain, breathing problems and head injuries. Its medical staff is board-certified, specially trained and certified in emergency medicine.
“We are dedicated to fast, friendly, low-cost and efficient medical care,” Dr. Marmon said.
For more information on ER Specialists Urgency Care, visit their website at https://erspecialistsuc.com or call 719-522-2727.
CONTACT:
Dr. Julie Marmon
Company: ER Specialists Urgency Care
Address: 4194 Royal Pine Drive, Suite 100, Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Tel: 719.522.2727
Website: https://erspecialistsuc.com
April 20 (Reuters) -
* Canada's foreign minister, asked about Trump's comments on dairy and lumber, says Canada "always abides by and upholds the rules that govern trade"
* Canada's foreign minister says dairy trade between Canada and the United States massively favors the U.S. by a ratio of five to one
* Canada's foreign minister says domestic softwood producers have never been found in the wrong, says protracted dispute will only drive up the cost of wood and homes for U.S. consumers (Reporting by David Ljunggren)
BRIEF-Granite Point Mortgage Trust sees IPO of 10 mln shares at $20 - $21 per share
* Granite Point Mortgage Trust Inc sees IPO of 10 million shares of its common stock priced between $20.00 and $21.00 per share - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2svMN8X) Further company coverage:
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
São Paulo, April 20 Vale SA's first-quarter iron ore output fell 6.7 percent as seasonal rainfalls in a fast-growing mine in northern Brazil hampered extraction and the world's No. 1 producer of the raw material sought to rein in production at low-margin facilities.
In a Thursday statement, Vale said iron ore production totaled 86.198 million tonnes last quarter, compared with 92.386 million tonnes in the prior three months. First-quarter trends indicate that ore output could come within guidance of 360 million tonnes to 380 million tonnes this year.
(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal)
PARIS, April 28 The commemoration ceremony for the policeman killed by an attacker in Paris last week "exalted" the concept of gay marriage, presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's father said on Friday, courting controversy for his daughter's campaign.
Jean-Marie Le Pen, the party founder from whom his daughter has sought to distance herself given his controversial views on some subjects, criticised a speech made at the ceremony by the dead policeman's partner earlier this week.
"The long speech he made in some way institutionalised homosexual marriage, exalted it in a public way, and that shocked me," Le Pen said in an interview on his web site.
Marine Le Pen is the underdog in the coming run-off vote for the presidency against Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate.
The legalisation of gay marriage was one of the flagship actions of outgoing President Francois Hollande's five years in office, a move that was popular with many people in France but controversial with a large socially conservative section of society.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; editing by John Irish)
Logo of Tencent is displayed at a news conference in Hong Kong, China March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu
HONG KONG Chinese tech giant Tencent Holdings has signed a $4.65 billion loan deals, Basis Point reported, amid a flurry of fund-raising by China's internet giants.
Tencent, which had an original target of about $2 billion for the loan, inked the deal on March 24 following commitments from a dozen banks, Thomson Reuters publication Basis Point reported, citing sources.
The loans for general corporate purposes comprise a $2.79 billion term loan and a $1.86 billion revolving credit. Citigroup was the coordinator, mandated lead arranger and bookrunner of the facility.
Tencent, best known for its WeChat mobile app, has been on an investment drive in a wide array of sectors such as gaming, entertainment, cloud computing and online financing.
It reported net profit of 41.1 billion yuan ($5.97 billion) last year on Wednesday, up 43 percent, on revenue that rose 48 percent to 151.94 billion yuan.
Tencent raised $7.94 billion in two syndicated loans in the past nine months, including $3.5 billion in October to back a deal for a majority stake in Finnish mobile game developer Supercell Oy.
Tencent did not immediately respond to requests for comment when contacted by Reuters.
(Reporting by Carol Zhong and Sijia Jiang; Writing by Sijia Jiang; Editing by Stephen Coates)
May 3 Genworth Financial Inc:
* Genworth Financial announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted operating earnings per share $0.29
* Q1 earnings per share $0.31
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.23 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says net investment income was $790 million in quarter, up from $786 million in prior quarter and up from $789 million in prior year
* Says qtrly revenue $2,171 million versus $1,785 million last year
* Says U.S. mortgage insurance reported adjusted operating income of $73 million for Q1, compared with $61 million in both prior quarter and prior year
* Says book value per share for three months ended March 31, 2017 was $25.68
* Says Genworth and Oceanwide engaged with relevant regulators regarding pending applications and continue to target closing transaction in middle of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Prithvi Kanti Bandyopadhyay)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
April 6 Canara Bank Ltd
* Says upgrades bandwidth of all its branches to 2 mbps in partnership with BSNL Source text: [Canara Bank, a leading public sector Bank has embarked upon an ambitious project of upgrading the Bandwidth of all its Branches to 2 Mbps in partnership with M/s BSNL] Further company coverage:
Family and friends pray beside the casket of Sodimejo, locally known as Mbah Gotho, who claimed to be the world's oldest person at 146-years-old, in Sambungmacan village, Sragen, Central Java, Indonesia May 1, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Mohammad Ayudha/via REUTERS
A flower is placed next to the casket of Sodimejo, locally known as Mbah Gotho, who claimed to be the world's oldest person at 146-years-old, during his funeral in Sambungmacan village, Sragen, Central Java, Indonesia May 1, 2017 in this photo taken by Antara Foto. Antara Foto/Mohammad Ayudha/via REUTERS
SRAGEN, Indonesia An Indonesian man reported to be the world's oldest person died at the age of 146 this week, family members said on Tuesday.
Sodimejo, who was known locally as Mbah Gotho, was born in December 1870, according to a government-issued ID card that media reports said had been verified by local officials in the Central Java town of Sragen.
Indonesian media reported that Sodimejo was the world's oldest person, citing his identity papers. Reuters could not independently verify Sodimejo's age.
Sodimejo's grandson said he had been taken to hospital last week because of his deteriorating health.
"The problem was he didn't want to eat or drink," said grandson Suryanto, who like his grandfather, goes by one name.
He then insisted on being brought home, and died several days later, Suryanto said. Sodimejo was buried on Monday morning in a local cemetery.
According to Guinness World Records, Jeanne Calment, a French woman, had the longest confirmed human lifespan. She died in 1997 at the age of 122.
(Editing by Mark Heinrich)
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
March 29 Mentor Graphics Corp
* Mentor Graphics - On March 28, co and Siemens industry received merger control clearance from ministry of commerce of People's Republic of China
* Mentor Graphics Corp - company expects merger to close on March 30, 2017 - SEC filing
* Mentor Graphics - Merger control clearance to complete pending acquisition of co by Siemens pursuant to agreement, plan of merger dated Nov 12, 2016 Source: (bit.ly/2nuXzHf) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
A crane is seen behind a row of residential properties in the Capital Dock area of Dublin, Ireland December 5, 2016. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne
DUBLIN There is no sign that upward pressure on house prices in Ireland will ease in the near term, the chief economist of the Irish Central Bank said on Thursday.
Residential property prices rose by 7.9 percent in the year to January and the rising cost of housing in the country's main cities has become a major political issue.
"Demand is strong and supply response is weak and that obviously is putting upward pressure on house prices and it's very hard to see that would diminish very quickly in the near term," Gabriel Fagan told journalists at a briefing in Dublin, citing forecasts to the end of 2018.
(Reporting by Padraic Halpin; Writing by Conor Humphries; editing by John Stonestreet)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
May 3 Fidelity National Financial Inc
* Reports first quarter 2017 results with $917 million book value of portfolio company investments, or $13.80 per share
* Q1 earnings per share $0.01
* Q1 revenue $328 million versus $329 million
* Q1 same store sales fell 4 percent
* Fidelity national financial inc -" q1 was relatively quiet on monetization front as we prepare for exchange of fnfv tracking stock in q3" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 Sirtex Medical Ltd:
* Update on proposed $30 million share buy-back
* Proposed on-market share buy-back due to commence on 17th April 2017 has been delayed
* Hearing on the matter is anticipated to take place on 26th May
* Delay pending outcome of an injunction application filed by applicant in federal court of australia
* Company has filed a stay application in relation to previously announced class action
* Intends to commence its buy-back following release of major clinical data at ASCO annual meeting from 2nd-6th June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 29 Saga Plc
* FY preliminary results for full year ended 31 january 2017
* FY underlying profit before tax £187.4 mln versus £177.4 mln year ago
* Proposed full year dividend 8.5p versus 7.2p year ago
* FY underlying profit before tax, excluding derivative gains and Ogden discount rate impact increased by 5.6%
* FY strong performance in competitive environment with significant improvement in motor
* FY broking profit per customer grew 5.7% to £46 (FY 2016: £43.5)
* Confidence in continuing to deliver a consistent financial performance in 2017 is strong
* Overall, we have seen a very positive start to year on motor premiums, with strong upwards movement on new business
* Currently running in excess of claims inflation, and sets us on a strong footing to improve motor broking profits during year
* Another tough year for home market, particularly given benign weather conditions over winter period
* Travel insurance demand is stable
* Overall, we remain positive on trading for our retail broking business for coming year
* General economic confidence amongst our customers remains strong post Brexit vote Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc (AAPL.O) sold fewer iPhones than expected in the first three months of the year, but that bare statistic hides an important bright spot for the company. The average selling price of an iPhone grew more than it has since the days of the iPhone 6.
Apple does not break out figures for how many of each model it sells, but executives pointed to the premium-priced iPhone 7 Plus, which sells for up to $969 fully loaded, as the key to boosting the amount it gets on average for each phone.
The average selling price of iPhones is important to Apple because the smartphone market is maturing and its growth slowing. Apple's ability to get more cash for each phone sold is critical to growing its profits.
"One of the things that we did not get right was the mix between the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook told analysts on the company's earnings conference call on Tuesday, in response to a question about how supply of its top-end phone was constrained during the holiday shopping season.
"The demand was much stronger for the 7 Plus than we had predicted, and so it took us a little while to adjust all the way back through the supply chain and to bring iPhone 7 Plus into balance, which occurred this past quarter."
The popularity of the iPhone 7 Plus model represents a triumph for Apple with a new departure: packing a unique feature into its most expensive iPhone.
The iPhone 6 Plus differed from its smaller sibling only in screen size, but the 7 Plus model has a physically different camera that enables what Apple calls "portrait mode" for taking shots with a blurred background - a feature more commonly found on large, expensive digital cameras.
It is a strategy Apple could use again. Many analysts believe the company will reserve certain features for the premium-priced model of its next, eagerly awaited iPhone - such as a higher-quality display - that could sell for more than $1,000.
So far, customers seem to be willing to pay more for the extra camera in the iPhone 7 Plus, which is one reason that Apple made slightly more revenue selling slightly fewer iPhones in the latest quarter than a year ago, for an average price of $656.
That price was 2 percent higher than 12 months ago, the best improvement in a year. During 2016, selling prices even went into a decline, year on year, during the iPhone 6s cycle after soaring on the release of the original iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which introduced larger screens to the Apple lineup for the first time.
"The important thing is the average selling price should not fall," said Anil Doradla, a research analyst with William Blair & Co. "I have full confidence that it won't. Apple just doesn't cut pricing to gain market share. It's not in their DNA."
(Reporting by Stephen Nellis; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby)
A critically endangered Amur tiger at Woburn Safari Park has had dental surgey after breaking his tooth – and the rare procedure was captured on film by CBBC's newsround.
Male tiger Elton, the father of two young cubs, had cracked his right canine tooth and it was causing him problems where it had become infected.
Left untreated, the wound could have proved fatal in the wild but thanks to the swift action of park keepers – who are trained to spot even the smallest of injuries – Elton received the operation he needed and has made a full recovery.
Leading expert in zoological dentistry, Dr Peter Kertesz, cleaned out the offending tooth and fitted a filling to prevent infection and minimise discomfort.
Work was also carried out on the tiger's left canine as a precaution and to ensure there was no damage to the root canal.
Elton was given a sedative before the operation and was also given oxygen and an IV drip to keep him hydrated throughout the procedure.
A real Woburn Safari star, Elton fathered two female cubs, Milashi and Mishka, who were born at the Park less than two years ago.
Together with mother Minerva, the family is genetically important to the captive tiger population across Europe, which is co-ordinated by the European Endangered Species Programme (EEP).
Reserve section head Chris Smart said: “We were initially concerned when Elton broke his tooth as it was clear he was in some pain, but thankfully Dr Kertesz was able to come out quicky to help him.
“The procedure went well and although he was a little sleepy afterwards, he has made a speedy recovery and can now be found exploring the reserve again.” He added: “Maintaining healthy individuals like Elton is very important as the captive breeding programme of Amur tigers acts as an insurance population, should re-introduction into the wild become a necessary conservation activity.”
Woburn Safari Park is home to five Amur tigers. They can be found in the Kingdom of the Carnivires, a spacious nine-acre reserve complete with sleeping platforms and and bathing pools.
It's thought there are only about 520 Amur tigers – also known as the Siberian tiger – in the wild, a slight increase in wild numbers over the last 10 years. The species is one of the largest and most endangered in the world.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
MEXICO CITY, March 31 Mexico's finance ministry on Friday said it expects the economy to grow between 1.3-2.3 percent in 2017 and then rebound to an expansion of 2.0-3.0 percent in 2018.
The finance ministry said it saw annual inflation ending 2017 at 4.9 percent, above the central bank's target range, before subsiding to 3.0 percent by year-end 2018.
It projected a fiscal deficit of 2.4 of projected gross domestic product this year and a deficit of 2.0 percent for 2018. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito)
(Adds quote from Schlumberger executive)
BUENOS AIRES, April 12 Argentina's state-run oil company YPF SA and Schlumberger AG, the world's top oil services provider, have reached a deal to invest $390 million in the Vaca Muerta shale formation, the companies said on Wednesday.
In a letter to the Buenos Aires stock exchange, YPF said a division of Schlumberger would invest the full amount and obtain a 49 percent stake in the 228.5 square kilometer (88.22 square miles) Bandurria Sur concession, where the two companies would develop a two-phase shale oil pilot project.
President Mauricio Macri was elected in late 2015 promising to drop the trade and currency controls that had scared off foreign investment during the previous administration.
Over the past 16 months he has moved to improve the business environment in part by cutting labor costs in the vast but barely tapped Vaca Muerta shale formation in Patagonia.
"We are very pleased with what the administration is doing and clearly we have confidence that Argentina as a country has a very rich resource base," Schlumberger's president of operations, Patrick Schorn, told Reuters in a telephone interview.
"Today, with the combination of a progressive-thinking administration that allows an environment that makes it very conducive for foreign investment, we have benefited from that together with our partners at YPF," he said. "So yes, we are very pleased about where Argentina is heading." (Reporting by Luc Cohen and Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Bill Trott)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Restates U.S. provision in dollars as originally reported)
TEL AVIV, March 30 Bank Hapoalim, Israel's largest lender, reported lower fourth-quarter net profit due to a provision regarding a U.S. tax investigation as well as sharply higher credit loss charges.
Hapoalim, which issued a profit warning last week, said on Thursday it earned 138 million shekels ($38 million) in the quarter, down from 586 million a year earlier.
Last week, Hapoalim said it would set aside a provision of $68.5 million regarding a U.S. investigation into tax evasion by the bank's U.S. clients.
Net financing income rose to 2.03 billion shekels from 1.95 billion, while it had credit loss expenses of 469 million shekels compared with expenses of 147 million a year ago.
Hapoalim's core Tier 1 capital ratio to risk-weighted assets was 11.01 percent, compared with 9.63 percent at the end of 2015.
The bank said it would pay a dividend of 41 million shekels, or 30 percent of net profit, for the quarter.
($1 = 3.6180 shekels) (Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by Steven Scheer)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN/FRANKFURT May 2 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.2 percent higher on Tuesday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0604 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
ALLIANZ
Indicated 0.9 percent higher
The insurer said it has agreed to acquire 100 percent of the equity interest in Britain's largest water-only supply firm Affinity Water.
BMW
Indicated 0.4 percent higher
The United States will begin an investigation into whether thermoplastic components used in some models of BMW and Japanese cars violate its patent laws, trade authorities said late last week.
The self-driving electric car dubbed "iNext" will be build at the Bavarian plant in Dingolfing and hit dealerships in the second half of 2021, chief executive Harald Krueger told Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung.
BAYER
Indicated 2.2 percent lower
The chemicals maker said it was seeking approval from U.S. drug authorities to complement dosage options for stroke-prevention pill Xarelto.
DEUTSCHE BANK
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
The bank's shareholders should not ratify the actions of its top executives and supervisory board members for last year because of the legal uncertainties surrounding the lender, shareholder advisory firm Glass Lewis said on Friday.
DEUTSCHE POST
Indicated 3 percent lower
German fish distributor Deutsche See plans to buy 80 electric delivery vans from the logistics group after Volkswagen turned down a request to build a zero-emission vehicle, Bild am Sonntag reported.
HENKEL
Indicated unchanged
U.S. business will continue to drive growth at the consumer goods group although the impact of President Donald Trump's tax plans remains to be seen, chief executive Hans Van Bylen told Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung.
SIEMENS, SAP
Siemens indicated unchanged
SAP indicated 0.3 percent higher
Saudi Arabia wants Siemens SAP to play an important role in furthering the kingdom's "digital transformation", company officials said on Sunday during German Chancellor Angela Merkel's visit to the country.
VOLKSWAGEN
Indicated 0.4 percent higher
Europe's largest carmaker will step up efforts with partners in coming years to promote cars running on compressed natural gas, Chief Executive Matthias Mueller told Automobilwoche.
Spanish division Seat has refitted more than half of 680,000 diesel cars equipped with illicit emissions control software, chief executive Luca de Meo told Focus magazine.
AIRBUS
No indication available
Airbus AIR.PA Chief Executive Tom Enders has offered support for French presidential hopeful Emmanuel Macron, just days ahead of the second round of an election that will pit the centrist, pro-European candidate against far-right Marine Le Pen, French newspaper L'Opinion reported.
K+S
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
The company will crack into the U.S. fertilizer market this spring when it opens the first new western Canadian potash mine in nearly five decades.
RHEINMETALL
Indicated 0.3 percent lower
Saudi Arabia plans to refrain from importing German weapons, Der Spiegel reported, citing the kingdom's deputy economy minister.
UNIPER
Indicated 0.1 percent lower
Providing commodity prices pick up, the German utility is planning to continue to hike dividend payments after an expected payout of 230 million for 2017, its CFO told Boersen-Zeitung.
ZALANDO
Indicated 0.5 percent lower
The online fashion retailer is pondering opening stores in major cities such as London, Paris or Berlin, the company's co-chief executive told Germany's Manager Magazin.
PFEIFFER VACUUM
Indicated 1.4 percent higher
Operating profit and sales should improve significantly this year after double-digit percentage gains in the first quarter, Pfeiffer said, predicting further growth in 2018.
QIAGEN
No indication available
Q1 results due after market close. Adjusted EBIT seen up 17 percent at $62.6 million. Poll:
ROCKET INTERNET
No indication available
The e-commerce investor's chief executive wants the company to be able to carry out financial operations that require permission from financial regulator BaFin, Welt am Sonntag reported.
BET-AT-HOME
Indicated 0.5 percent higher
Q1 results due.
WACKER NEUSON
Indicated 0.1 percent higher
Chief executive Cem Peksaglam will leave the company when his contract expires in August.
AIR BERLIN
No indication available
Annual report due. The group on Friday reported a record net loss for the year as well as a widening loss in the first quarter of 2017.
Nine Air Berlin flights were cancelled at Berlin's Tegel airport on Saturday for lack of staff, technical issues and a bomb alert, a spokeswoman said, adding the cancellations had nothing to do with the carrier's economic situation.
TOM TAILOR
No indication available
The fashion group expects full-year sales to drop slightly below 2016 levels after reporting flat first-quarter revenue.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
ADO PROPERTIES - 0.45 eur/shr dividend proposed
EX-DIVIDEND
BAYER - dividend 2.70 eur/shr
CONTINENTAL AG - dividend 4.25 eur/shr
DEUTSCHE POST - dividend 1.05 eur/shr
MERCK KGAA - dividend 1.20 eur/shr
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
US markets closed.
Nikkei +0.7 pct, Shanghai stocks -0.2 pct.
Time: 4.29 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German April Markit manufacturing PMI due at 0755 GMT. Seen unchanged at 58.2 points.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9168 euros) (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Arno Schuetze)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
A Remuera real estate agency has moved into $12 million headquarters, after its principal bought and renovated old premises.
Megan Jaffe, principal of Ray White Remuera, said the agency last month moved into the building on the main shopping strip.
Jaffe said her company, Magnolia Property Holdings, bought 411-413 Remuera Rd, spending $12 million on the purchase and refurbishment of structures on site of the former Remuera library.
Former mayor John Banks said he had acted as "the owner's representative" on the property job. He also acts as a consultant to the business and his card is at reception.
Advertisement
Jaffe described the scope of work in Remuera.
"I bought the two titles on June 1, 2015 for $5m and spent $7m on the renovation which involved a total re-build," she said telling how Haydn + Rollett were the head contractors.
"Less than 2 per cent of the original building was kept," she said.
Seventeen foundation piles were driven 17m into the ground to create a strong structure, bricks were re-used, double-glazed windows made and installed, ornate exterior window lead lights were retained and an elevator put into the three-level building which dates back to 1928.
"It was a very pretty character building in very poor condition. I wanted to restore her to her former glory," Jaffe said pointing out heritage-style exterior lamps specially made in London, a large ornate wrought iron feature which divides the agency from a neighbouring cafe and big door handles made in Napier.
Asked about real estate agencies' growing main street presence, Jaffe said: "There's a lot of perception about banks and real estate agencies having an impact on retail. But online has an effect. If you are offering people good value, shops and retail areas will still do well."
× Ray White Remuera has moved to new premises. Photo/Doug Sherring Ray White Remuera has moved to new premises. Photo/Doug Sherring
Jaffe said the agency is Ray White's number one in Australasia, has 40 per cent of the Remuera market, made annual sales of $800 million, had 80 staff and 56 licensed sales people.
But she expressed concerns about the state of other nearby buildings.
"Remuera is very run down because of the age and stage of building owners. At this point [in their lives], they don't want to make an investment in Remuera. But I have such confidence in Remuera and I wanted to do something that would give everyone positivity," she said, citing talk of a movie theatre possibly returning to the area.
BRIEF-Apollo Endosurgery files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $17.3 mln
* Apollo Endosurgery inc files for stock shelf offering of ‍​up to $17.3 million - sec filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
* Garuda Q1 loss $98.5 mln vs $1.02 mln profit a year ago
* Airline struggled with fuel costs, lower passenger yield
* Garuda to control fuel expenses through hedging - CEO (Adds comment from CEO, financial details)
By Cindy Silviana and Eveline Danubrata
JAKARTA, April 28 Higher fuel costs tipped Indonesian state-controlled airline PT Garuda Indonesia Tbk into a first-quarter net loss of $98.5 million, its chief executive said on Friday.
Garuda, which this month appointed former banker Pahala Mansury as CEO to revive its fortunes, had reported a net profit of $1.02 million in the same period last year.
Apart from greater fuel expenses, the airline also faced tough competition, Mansury said. "Our passenger yield declined even though we carried more passengers," he told reporters.
Garuda would now focus on "putting a lid on fuel costs" through hedging and optimising its fleet and routes, he added.
Garuda's competitors include regional airlines such as Malaysia's AirAsia Bhd and Singapore Airlines Ltd , as well as private Indonesian carrier Lion Air.
The Indonesian government owned 60.5 percent of Garuda as of the end of 2016, Thomson Reuters data showed.
The appointment of Mansury as CEO was expected to boost Garuda's credibility among creditors, a senior official at the state enterprises ministry had earlier said.
Mansury previously oversaw finance and treasury at Indonesia's biggest bank by assets, PT Bank Mandiri Tbk , which is also state-controlled.
Garuda shares closed 1.1 percent lower on Friday, underperforming the broader Jakarta stock exchange, which was down 0.4 percent. (Reporting by Cindy Silviana and Eveline Danubrata; Editing by David Goodman/Adrian Croft/Alexander Smith)
April 6 Pan Orient Energy Corp-
* Pan orient energy corp - it intends to continue ability to purchase its common shares pursuant to renewal of its normal course issuer bid
* Pan orient energy corp - under terms of bid, pan orient will be authorized to purchase, for cancellation, up to 4.5 million of its common shares
* Pan orient energy corp - ability to purchase common shares under bid will commence on or about april 12, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Advertising of Mexican bread maker Grupo Bimbo is seen in a store in Mexico City, September 24, 2014. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY Mexican breadmaker Grupo Bimbo (BIMBOA.MX) plans to grow in China in the short term with acquisitions, while also expanding in the rest of Asia and entering Middle Eastern markets, the company's food business chief said on Wednesday.
Bimbo, which entered China in 2006 after buying the local assets of Spanish competitor Panrico, plans to expand in China through purchases of local companies, Bernardo Zermeno, the food business chief, told Reuters on the sidelines of an event in Mexico City.
"Bimbo will look for a consolidation that will allow for expansion," he said.
Bimbo shares were up 0.60 percent in late afternoon trading at 45.44 pesos ($2.41).
(Reporting by Sheky Espejo; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
U.S. funds recommended increasing equity allocations in April on optimism the global economy is finally making a broad-based recovery, but they also favored bonds as plenty of risks still remain, a Reuters poll showed.
"We have a really positive outlook for stocks. We have got a situation where for the first time in several years, various parts of the global economy are improving together and that creates some optimism," said Jeffrey Layman, chief investment officer at BKD Wealth Advisors.
The positive tone on the global economy is based on manufacturing and trade gains in major economies, but a separate Reuters poll showed a rise in protectionism remains one of the major threats. [ECILT/WRAP]
In the latest survey of 13 U.S.-based fund managers, conducted April 18-28, recommended equity allocations were raised to 55.4 percent from 54.6 percent and bonds allocations were pushed slightly higher to 35.5 percent from 34.6 percent.
"It is hard to make a compelling returns case for bonds as this is not an environment where you would expect bond returns to be particularly strong," said BKD's Layman.
"But they still play a very important role in the sense of being the first line of defense against stock market volatility, which we think is likely to pick up as we get further into the year."
Stock markets have see-sawed since U.S. healthcare reform legislation failed after a blistering rally at the start of the year on hopes President Donald Trump would push reflationary policies.
"Domestic fiscal policy questions abound and represent a near term risk if the new Administration fails to deliver on its promises," said Alan Gayle, director of asset allocation at RidgeWorth Investments.
"But the underlying firmness in the economy and corporate profits suggests that any stock market correction will be limited in both magnitude and duration."
While fund managers welcomed the latest announcement on tax reform this week, they said any significant near-term moves in stock markets will be driven more by day traders.
"Markets are going to be in an ebb and flow mode after the U.S. administration mentioned the start of the tax reform package this week and we expect that to be the case in the short run," said Layman.
"But that is going to be much more influenced by algorithmic traders and the shorter-term traders rather than by institutions like ours."
Broadly, funds recommended a trim to cash and property holdings while allocations for non-traditional instruments such as derivatives and commodities were unchanged from March.
While regional breakdowns showed funds shunned European assets ahead of the second round of France's presidential race, they were generally more upbeat in their view.
"We have been conditioned to expect negative surprises but there is potential for some positive outcomes as well," added BKD's Layman.
(Additional reporting and polling by Rahul Karunakar; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
RIO DE JANEIRO/São Paulo Brazil is poised to sharply increase oil exports this year as heavy investments spur new output and demand for its lighter crudes win more buyers, especially in China and India.
Production is projected to rise 210,000 barrels per day (bpd) in 2017, second only in the size of additional supply to the United States among non-OPEC producers. Higher output from the U.S. and Brazil are among the factors impeding an OPEC-led effort to lift crude prices LCOc1 through production cuts.
Growth in exports should continue in future years as companies such as Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSa.L) prepare to tap some of the largest discoveries made since the end of the last decade off the nation's Atlantic coast.
Already just in the first two months of the year, Brazil's oil exports have soared 65 percent over the same period a year earlier to record highs of more than 1.46 million bpd, according to government data obtained by Reuters.
Consultancy Wood Mackenzie estimates 2017 exports will hit nearly 1 million bpd, up from 798,000 bpd last year.
Years of heavy investment that left state-controlled Petróleo Brasileiro SA (Petrobras) (PETR4.SA) as the world's most indebted oil company are beginning to pay off. The nation hopes to use higher oil sales to help drag its economy out of a two-year recession.
Exports are rising along with the company's output of light, sweet crudes, Guilherme Franca, executive manager for marketing and trading at Petrobras told Reuters.
"Our production consists of much lighter oil than we used to produce in the past," he said in an interview.
"We have demand for more of it than we can deliver."
Light, low-sulfur crudes are easier and cheaper to refine into gasoline and diesel, and match demands for less polluting fuels in Asia, the United States and Europe.
Franca said exports by Petrobras alone rose to 420,000 bpd in 2016 and should reach 450,000 bpd this year. If it meets future targets, the company could be exporting as much as 750,000 bpd as soon as 2020, he said.
In the first two months this year, Brazil sold 10.4 million barrels of crude to India, half as much as it shipped to the country during 2016, Brazil's trade ministry data showed.
Sales to China in January and February totalled 40.8 million barrels, up 125 percent from the same period in 2016 and more than 10 times Brazil's shipments to the country five years ago.
Some of the oil shipments are linked to repayments on as much as $15 billion in loans from China, including debt taken on in 2009.
Under deals with lender China Development Bank, the oil giant would send as much as 300,000 bpd to four Chinese firms: China National United Oil Corporation, China Zhenhua Oil Co Ltd, Chemchina Petrochemical Co Ltd and Unipec Asia, a subsidiary of Sinopec Corp .
"There is strong demand currently for Brazil's medium-sweet crude. The United States, China, Korea, India, they are all buyers of this type of oil due to newer standards to reduce sulfur content in fuels," said Esa Ramasamy, an analyst with S&P Global Platts.
Ramasamy said 65 percent of Brazil's output is medium-sweet grades and most of the country's new production will be of the same type.
Petrobras produced 2.14 million bpd in 2016 and targets 2.77 million bpd by 2021. The company, which is trying to reduce debt of around $100 billion, is pouring all its efforts into the high-yield subsalt region.
Shell, the second largest producer in Brazil after Petrobras, is pumping around 295,000 bpd and wants to quadruple that in three years. The company is part of a consortium that will explore the giant Libra subsalt prospect, along with Petrobras, France's Total SA (TOTF.PA) and China's CNOOC Ltd (0883.HK) and China National Petroleum Corp (601857.SS).
March shipping data shows PetroChina moving a 130,000-tonne tanker from Brazil to China. Commodity trader Vitol [VITOLV.UL] also has two tankers carrying 260,000 tonnes of Brazilian crude, and Shell and Repsol SA (REP.MC) have 560,000 tonnes, also heading to China.
Wood Mackenzie analyst Ixchel Castro said exports also have been boosted by weaker domestic consumption from the country's deepest recession on record. An economic recovery could siphon some of the exports.
To view a graphic on Brazil's crude production, click tmsnrt.rs/2nT9BfE
(Additional reporting by Luciano Costa; Editing by Gary McWilliams and Marguerita Choy)
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting himself as officers closed in.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Inspec Inc :
* Says co files a lawsuit with the Tokyo District Court, aiming to cancel the surcharge order which received on March 14 from the Financial Services Agency
* Says in the surcharge order received on March 14, the company was ordered to pay surcharge of about 12.2 million yen by May 15
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/03DbiE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Today's edition focuses on reports regarding players that shined during the first game of the preseason, Cooper Kupp's development as a rookie and Jared Goff's improvement from the limited playing time against the Cowboys.
Every day we include the best stories about the Rams. We also devote one section of our recaps to a video highlight. Let us know if you think a story should be included in our daily post by sending us a tweet @TheRamsWire!
As Watkins watches, Rams rookie Kupp impresses at wideout | OC Register
As all eyes focused on Watkins on Saturday, it was Kupp again who separated himself from the pack in a 13-10 preseason victory over the Cowboys. Read more
PFF Grades Los Angeles Rams' Preseason Game One | Turf Show Times
Upon conclusion of the Los Angeles Rams first preseason game vs the Dallas Cowboys, the PFF team has taken a look at the game and officially graded the top players in the game. Read more
Rams seem set with right side of their offensive line | ESPN
For Saturday's preseason opener against the Dallas Cowboys, Rob Havenstein started at right tackle (the position he played throughout college and in the NFL) and Jamon Brown started at right guard (where he spent most of the last two years with the Rams). Read more
The work night was short, just eight plays total and all of one minute and 11 seconds of clock time. But never let it be said Jared Goff doesn't know how to put 71 seconds to near-perfect use. Read more
McVay, Goff Eager to Begin Working with Watkins | Rams' Official Site
The Rams' first-team offense took advantage of a special teams turnover by scoring a touchdown in the club's 13-10 victory over the Cowboys on Saturday. But after the game, much of the conversation revolved around whom the unit will work to integrate in the coming days and weeks. Read more
Los Angeles Rams' 2017 Preseason News
The Dan Patrick Show | L.A. Rams QB Jared Goff on The Dan Patrick Show (Full Interview) talks diferrences going into second season
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON Manatees were taken off the U.S. Interior Department's list of endangered species on Thursday and reclassified as threatened, a move condemned by conservationists who say it weakens protections for the giant marine mammal, also known as a sea cow.
The relisting recognizes a population rebound by the West Indian manatee, a native of the Florida coastline whose range extends from the southeastern United States through the Caribbean basin. Its numbers have soared to more than 6,600 in Florida alone from a few hundred in the 1970s, the Interior Department said.
The recovery resulted from more than 30 years of conservation efforts by states, the U.S. government, Caribbean countries and environmentalists. Among the measures that have benefited the species were a redesign of locks and levees, setting up manatee sanctuaries and speed limits on boats to avoid collisions, the department said in a statement.
"We consider this a success story," Phil Kloer, a spokesman for the department's Fish and Wildlife Service, said by telephone. "It has been doing very well, it has been coming back."
Despite the new classification, federal protections for the species will remain in place, the department said.
But Frank Jackalone, director of the Florida chapter of the Sierra Club, criticized the decision, saying that local and state authorities likely will ease boating rules designed to protect manatees.
"Florida boaters are going to take this as a signal that they can increase their speed in manatee" zones, he said by telephone. Florida state numbers show 520 manatees deaths last year, 104 of them from watercraft.
Jackalone said that the Interior Department decision also failed to address the impact of the closing of ageing Florida power plants whose warm water outflows manatees depend on during cold winter months.
Under the "threatened" classification, manatees are considered likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future. An "endangered" listing means that a species is in danger of extinction.
The reclassification follows years of lawsuits against the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service by the Pacific Legal Foundation. The group sued to have the manatee downlisted on behalf of Florida's Save Crystal River Inc, a nonprofit that feared more federal regulations in the area, Christina Martin, a Pacific Legal lawyer, said by telephone.
The manatee, also known as the "sea cow" for its diet of seagrass, can weigh more than 3,000 pounds (1,350 kg). Its total population has rebounded to more than 13,000, the Interior Department said.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Sandra Maler)
It's the month of Christmas and the festivities are already in the air! We are approaching the big night and as we get ready to feast on some delightful holiday themed dishes, there are some totally ridiculous dishes out there too! This is us trying to warn you to look out for these this holiday season!
Just like every year, December has people all over the world busy decorating homes and curating dishes for a fancy Christmas Eve dinner or Christmas Brunch. Nothing says Christmas like a large wintery spread, a warm sweater and off course, Eggnog! The best part about Christmas, like most other festivals, is food. No wait, Good Food. Everyone forgets their diets and goes absolutely crazy with mouthwatering dishes like rum cakes, gingerbread, mince pies and the list goes on.
But as we get into the Christmas spirit, there are a lot of weird (scary!) dishes that people around the world prepare for Christmas. Take a look if you don't know what we mean!
1) SHRIMP CHRISTMAS TREE
This is a very old dish that is said to be invented around 1950's and honestly we don't know what the inventors had in mind when they decided to make a shrimp tree for Christmas. As bizarre as this sounds, creating it is a very messy job and requires more stationary supplies than shrimp to get the tree standing tall on the platter. The dish might look pretty on the outside but the interior is not a pretty sight and I am talking staples, styrofoam cups and wire mesh covered in a whole lot of parsley or its substitute which just seems like a lot of effort for the shrimp which can be more beautifully served in a bowl or a plate with dip sauces! Also, people add cubes, pickles, olives and tomatoes for reasons known only to them. Would you try this if you had to ?
this is how creepy a shrimp tree looks!!
2) TUNA TREES
Whats with people's obsession of converting food into trees? It's Christmas and tuna trees are back in business. This is also an invention of the 1950's and was an attempt at making something fancy out of fish to popularize them around the holidays. Boy, those were some crazy times! The technicalities are pretty silly like pouring mayonnaise all over the fish, which makes it taste not-so-good and tumbling salad upon the whole thing. Just use a bowl!
we really want you to use a bowl !!!!
3) JELL-O MOULDS
Considered a royal dish, jell-o was popularised during the Victorian era. This slimy looking wiggly dessert was introduced somewhere around 1897 and should have been discontinued thereafter but we all know what happened, don't we ? It sounds like a friendly dish little kids would enjoy but in all honesty Jell-O is made from the skins and bones of pigs and cows, however, it is so heavily processed that it is not considered a meat product. Though, most vegetarians don't eat this dish. Jello is poured into a container where fruits are added thereafter and ifyou're really bold you can add mayonnaise, cheese and pretzels but we would highly recommend otherwise.
it might give off that christmas but we would highly recommend you google its recipe
4) AMBROSIA
Why is America trying to convince the rest of the world that dessert salad is actually a salad? In the late 19th century something strange happened in the food industry in America and this modified fruit salad was born because apparently regular salad just wasn't enough. Everything you can possibly imaginelike mayonnaise, sour cream, cheese, jell-o, flavoured marshmallows and coconut is added to Ambrosia. Ambrosia's original mixture was a fruit melange that consisted of mandarin sour oranges, coconut and pineapples.Sounds like a rather unusual choice of combination, doesn't it ? No one knows why dairy products were introduced into salads but people say it was to lure kids into eating dairy through aesthetic and colourful salad.
i'm not sure how many calories this is but it definitely looks scary and the cherry isn't helping either.
5) The Four/Five/Six Bird Roast
As scary as this sounds, this particular dish is nothing but a marketing move by food companies and supermarkets to lure people into buying overpriced and not so delicious fancy looking birds jammed into each other. Yes, you heard correctly. As the name goes, so does our nightmare. Small birds are stuffed into the bigger birds till it looks weird enough for people to gather around and buy it out of curiosity. The birds when cooked properly taste nice, but strangely, it was revealed that this dish isn't particularly big on taste. It was overdone which possibly could have led to the loss of its juicy and delicious taste.
this is a five bird roast and we suggest otherwise !
6) HOLODETS
Last but not the least is this odd Russian Christmas dish. Holodets is a cold meat jelly that looks super gross and even scarier to eat to the untrained eye. It's basically jello made out of chicken soup. This dish is a must for the Russian holiday.
we did warn you at the beginning !
Would you try these dishes? Which one scared you the most and which one you are eager to taste ? Let us know in the comment section below.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysia voiced concern on Wednesday that a call by European Union lawmakers for curbs on imports of palm oil could deal a blow to one of the Asian country's biggest exports.
In a vote aimed at influencing EU regulators, the European Parliament backed a call for greater vetting of palm and other vegetable oils used in biofuels to prevent the EU's renewable transport targets for post-2020 leading to deforestation.
Diplomats from other big exporters of palm oil, including Indonesia, Costa Rica and Ecuador, have also expressed concern.
Malaysia's Plantation Industries and Commodities Minister Mah Siew Keong said the resolution was unfair as it specifically targeted palm oil.
"We are very disappointed. To me, the resolution is biased and damaging to palm oil," Mah told journalists on Wednesday.
"I expected it to come because now the whole world is talking about the environment and deforestation, but I still think it is not fair to target only palm oil."
The parliament's non-binding motion, backed in a vote by 640 to 18, calls for a single Certified Sustainable Palm Oil (CSPO) scheme for Europe-bound palm and other vegetable oil exports to ensure they are produced in a environmentally sustainable way.
EU lawmakers said the move was a bid for a wider discussion on the issues after environmental groups such as Greenpeace warned of harmful impact on climate mitigation and biodiversity.
"We want an open debate," EU lawmaker Katrina Konecna.
While the report is not binding, EU lawmakers are now reviewing and proposing amendments to EU draft targets on biofuels, which will then go before the European Commission and member states.
The EU is Malaysia's second-largest export market, accounting for 2,059,207 tonnes of palm oil products in 2016, based on Malaysian Palm Oil Board data. Of the amount, 30 percent is used for biodiesel, Mah said.
India is currently Malaysia's largest palm oil market, importing 2,825,840 tonnes last year, while China was the third-largest buyer, taking 1,882,183 tonnes in 2016.
Mah said he has already written to EU Environment Commissioner Karmenu Vella and has also been engaging with European lawmakers on the issue.
"We plan to go to European parliament next month to give us a chance to address the lawmakers (on) why we think this resolution is not fair to palm oil," Mah said, adding that they will at the same time engage other major importers such as China to boost their palm oil uptake.
(Reporting by Emily Chow and Alissa de Carbonnel in Brussels; Writing by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and David Evans)
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks at an election campaign rally near Aberdeen in Scotland, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party holds an 11 point lead over the Labour opposition, a poll by ORB for the Sunday Telegraph said, showing a tighter race ahead of June's election than other pollsters.
Support for the Conservatives was 42 percent, with Labour at 31 percent. It was the second poll of the day to show Labour poll at least 30 percent, with many prior polls showing support for the party in the mid-twenties.
Conversely, the Conservatives have consistently scored poll ratings of 45-50 percent in polls conducted by other firms.
The Liberal Democrats polled at 10 percent, while the poll showed support for anti-EU UKIP AT 8 percent. Details of the size of the poll, and when it was conducted, were not immediately available.
(Reporting by Alistair Smout; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
(Corrects to "this year" not "next year" in par 2)
By Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA, April 12 World trade is on track to expand by 2.4 percent this year, though there is "deep uncertainty" about economic and policy developments, particularly in the United States, the World Trade Organization (WTO) said on Wednesday.
The range for growth this year has been adjusted to between 1.8 and 3.6 percent, from 1.8 to 3.1 percent last September, it said, pointing to a risk that trade activity could be "stifled" due to lack of clarity about government policies.
"We should see trade as part of the solution to economic difficulties, not part of the problem," WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo said.
"Overall cautious optimism but trade growth remains fragile and there are considerable risks on the downside. Much of uncertainty is political," he told a news conference.
The world must "keep resisting the erection of new barriers to trade", he said.
The WTO has repeatedly revised preliminary estimates over the past five years as predictions of economic recovery prove overly optimistic. Global trade grew by "an usually low" 1.3 percent in 2016, the slowest pace since the financial crisis, failing to match even its revised forecast of 1.7 percent of last September.
"The poor performance over the year was largely due to a significant slowdown in emerging markets where imports basically stagnated last year, barely growing in volume terms," Azevedo said.
In 2018, global trade is forecast to grow by between 2.1 percent and 4 percent in WTO's latest analysis.
"A spike in inflation leading to higher interest rates, tighter fiscal policies and the imposition of measures to curtail trade could all undermine higher trade growth over the next two years," it warned.
U.S. President Donald Trump has made reducing U.S. trade deficits a key focus of his economic agenda to try to grow American manufacturing jobs. He has taken particular aim at renegotiating trade relationships with China and Mexico.
He is considering an executive order to launch a trade investigation that could lead to supplemental duties in certain product categories, a Trump administration official told Reuters on Monday.
"If policymakers attempt to address job losses at home with severe restrictions on imports, trade cannot help boost growth and may even constitute a drag on the recovery," Azevedo said in a statement.
Asked by reporters about U.S. policies under Trump, he said that he waited confirmation of the new U.S. Trade Representative (USTR). "We are waiting to see the new trade team really in place, waiting for the new USTR to be confirmed so that we can have a more meaningful dialogue at this point in time we don't have that. We are still waiting to see how the trade policy itself is going to shape up in the United States."
Azevedo declined to comment on the upcoming French election, but said: "Uncertainty has a freezing effect on investments and therefore on economic growth and output
"Getting over the election cycles is important particularly in the major economies so we have a clear view of what is coming, what the policies are. Predictability is extremely important for investments and economic growth."
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
April 20 Gosun Holding Co Ltd
* Says company owner plans to increase by up to 1.0 billion yuan ($145.22 million) worth of company shares, or by up to 50 million shares in the company, within 12 months
Source text in Chinese:bit.ly/2pE7EVD
Further company coverage: ($1 = 6.8860 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov shakes hands with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a news conference following their talks in Moscow, Russia, April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
U.S. President Donald Trump (R) and NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg hold a joint news conference in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
LONDON Polish President Andrzej Duda and NATO Supreme Allied Commander Europe, Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti officially welcome U.S., British and Romanian troops deployed as part of NATO's plan to reinforce its eastern flank in the Polish town of Orzysz.
Last night, U.S. President Donald Trump said NATO was his new best buddy, telling NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in the White House: "I said it was obsolete. It's no longer obsolete" reversing what he had said on the campaign trail and thanking the alliance for its support after U.S. missiles hit a Syrian airfield in retaliation for a chemical weapons strike in northern Syria the United States blamed on the Syrian military.
Trump spoke hours after his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was given the frostiest of frosty receptions by Russia's President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow, where he got short shrift on a plea to give up support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Putin attends a security meeting of his own on Friday, that of the Collective Security Treaty Organization, a Moscow-led bloc of ex-Soviet nations, in Bishkek.
MARKETS AT 0700 GMT
The dollar is sharply lower after Trump's comments that the dollar is "getting too strong" and that he preferred the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
U.S. Treasury yields are at five-month lows and, in the euro zone, German benchmark yields are also lower. Dollar weakness again hit Tokyo stocks and, along with still widespread concerns over geopolitics, pushed gold to its highest since Nov. 10.
The comments helped push Wall Street lower, though MSCI's main Asia-Pacific ex-Japan stocks index rose 0.6 percent.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of currencies, fell 0.7 percent. The dollar fell as low as 108.37 yen but is now up 0.1 percent on the day at 109.12 yen. The euro is marginally higher at $1.0668 and sterling has gained 0.2 percent to $1.2560.
China's yuan hit a two-week high versus the dollar after Trump said his administration would not label China a currency manipulator and after forecast-beating Chinese trade data.
European stocks futures opened slightly lower on Thursday, indicating a softer open. Danish, Icelandic and Norwegian exchanges are closed for Maundy Thursday, taking volumes out of the pan-European benchmarks.
First-quarter results are beginning to trickle in from European companies, and France's biggest retailer Carrefour could be one to watch after posting higher first-quarter revenue, with strong performance in its Brazilian segment, where it is mulling a public listing.
Recruiter Hays provided a read on the health of the British hiring market as it posted record third-quarter net fees, with international hiring offsetting weakness in the UK, and particularly London which it says is still "challenging".
The vociferous Akzo Nobel shareholder Elliott Advisors overnight said it planned legal action if Akzo did not give its upcoming shareholders meeting the chance to vote to dismiss its chairman, who rebuffed a $26 billion takeover bid by American rival PPG.
Elsewhere in company news and potential stock movers: Private equity firms have bid $22 billion for SCA hygiene unit-paper; Yancoal says Australian government clears Rio coal sale; Royal Mail to close defined benefit pension scheme; Daimler's Mercedes-Benz undecided if it will sell future U.S. diesels.
U.S. markets later will focus on banks, when JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo open the U.S. corporate reporting season.
Oil prices were flat at $55.87 a barrel. Copper, closely linked to the health of the Chinese economy, was up 1.6 percent after strong trade numbers.
Gold, which has prospered this week as investors have bought safe havens from the worries associated with Syria, North Korea, U.S.-Russia relations and the French presidential election, among others, hit a fresh five-month high. It was last down 0.1 percent on the day at $1,284 an ounce.
Trump sending the dollar lower and softening his anti-China rhetoric helped lifts emerging currencies and stocks. MSCI's benchmark index jumped 0.8 percent – its biggest daily gain in nearly four weeks – putting it on track for a second straight week of gains.
China March trade showed exports rising at the fastest rate in more than two years in March, climbing 16.4 percent year-on-year, in a sign that global demand is picking up while imports, especially of commodities, surged by a fifth. Buoyed by Trump and the data, the yuan gained 0.24 percent in its biggest gain in over two weeks as the central bank set a much higher fix against the dollar while other Asian currencies also strengthened.
Mexico's peso trades at its strongest since Trump's election win last November while Turkey's lira gains to hit its strongest level in 10 days ahead of Sunday's referendum. But South Africa's rand snaps a two day winning streak to weaken 0.3 percent after the parliament said late on Wednesday that a motion of no-confidence against President Jacob Zuma had been postponed pending a court decision on whether it should be a secret ballot.
South Korea's central bank held its base rate steady at 1.25 percent as expected. Singapore's Q1 GDP contracted 1.9 percent while the central bank kept rates unchanged – both in line with forecasts.
Late on Wednesday, Brazil cuts its key interest rate to 11.25 percent - the lowest level in over two years – in a bid to lift the economy out of its worst recession in over a century.
(editing by John Stonestreet)
* Q1 op profit SEK 1.54 bln vs forecast 1.33 bln
* Q1 op margin 5.3 pct vs forecast 4.6 pct
* Raises 2017 forecast for raw material costs
* Says to accelerate cost savings drive (Adds quote, detail, background)
STOCKHOLM, April 28 Home appliance maker Electrolux reported a bigger than expected rise in first-quarter earnings on Friday and said it would step up cost-trimming efforts in the face of mounting raw materials prices.
After a robust 2016, the maker of white goods under brands such as Electrolux, Frigidaire, AEG and Zanussi is facing headwinds from rising metal prices even as demand for white goods remains at decent levels.
The rival of U.S. Whirlpool Corp stuck by its forecast for market demand to grow 2-3 percent in North America this year as well as its 1 percent growth outlook for Europe, its two biggest markets.
The company said operating earnings rose to 1.54 billion Swedish crowns ($174 million) from a year-ago 1.27 billion to come in ahead of a mean forecast of 1.33 billion in a poll of analysts.
Electrolux said steeper raw material prices were expected to result in 1.4 billion Swedish crowns ($158 million) higher costs in 2017, up from a previous forecast of 900 million, and flagged further cost trimming ahead.
It said it now saw cost savings of 2.2 billion crowns this year, up from a previous estimate of 1.6 billion, sufficient to offset the rise in input costs for metals such as steel.
"The work to increase net cost efficiency throughout the Group is making good progress and will, together with improved product mix, support our target of reaching a sustainable profitability with margins of at least 6 percent," the company said in a statement.
The Swedish company has been focused on boosting profitability in recent quarters under CEO Jonas Samuelson. While like-for-like sales dipped slightly last year, it still came far closer to reaching its long-elusive margin target.
Electrolux said its operating margin rose to 5.3 percent in the first quarter from 4.5 percent in the year-ago period, easily beating a 4.6 percent mean forecast.
Electrolux, which also competes with Asian firms such as LG Electronics and Haier Group, has seen its shares rise about 15 percent this year, in line with the STOXX Europe personal and household goods index. ($1 = 8.8392 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Niklas Pollard and Johannes Hellstrom; editing by Alexander Smith)
If you're keen to have a dry and sunny December 25, your best bet is to head to Wellington or Christchurch.
NIWA meterologist Ben Noll has compiled data from the last 30 Christmas Days, and found that the capital and the Garden City average just one wet December 25 every 7.5 years.
A day is deemed wet if more than 1mm of rain falls between 9am that day and 9am the next.
Wellington also has the longest streak without a wet Christmas Day out of the main centres, last experiencing rain in 2002.
Advertisement
In the last 30 years, rain has dampened Christmas Day in Auckland and Hamilton 11 times each, on eight occasions in Tauranga and just six times in Dunedin.
"This might come as a surprise to some people," Mr Noll said.
"There's a perception that Christmas in New Zealand is more often soggy than dry."
Looking further back, Christchurch has the dubious honour of experiencing the wettest December 25 on record for any main centre, when 59.7mm fell in 1909.
Auckland's wettest Christmas Day was in 1987, when 24.4mm of rain fell, while Tauranga had 47mm in 1926, Hamilton 37.8mm in 1968, Wellington 48.6mm in 1973 and Dunedin 33.3mm in 1969.
Noll said history is one thing, but no one can be certain what 2017 will bring.
- NZN
12, December 2017: Active good action for Russia, for the world! President, people in Russian Federation say: we like our team, we love our team; we like our country, we love our country; we like the world, we love the world; we are strong to make good world! We can build good relations with all good people in all countries; together we can be real World's Olympic champions. We can build good relations with all good people. We can do good economics, good social activity to do good situation in the country, in the world. Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world. GUIDES (Anatoliy Golod: General Director in GUIDES: General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world. You can call to GUIDES for many great good news.
Also, if you like Olympic games, you can help to do it really good; team from Russia is rather good. The Olympic games will not be representative without Russian team. So, journalists, society in every country can help to say: we want real good event on Olympic games, team from Russia should be allowed to be on Olympic games. The most sportsmen don't use dope; but few sportsmen use dope in every big country team, so it is not the reason to remove the team from any country. So, the teams, all good sportsmen must be allowed to be on Olympic games. Obviously, opposite decisions are just for the politics. But we need good decisions for peoples, for society, for good politics, for making good relations, good situations in the world, we need good politics! We should to talk about it these days or every country, every team can get different decisions in many spheres (you know, many spheres use precedent's practice, that's real reason what for conflict structures are lobbying to make sanctions for whole countries, for whole spheres). So, we should say that we need good decisions for all good oriented persons; we don't need to remove good countries, good persons from the job on Olympic games, in any sphere, but really actual to remove bad oriented structures. You know, everybody knows it, it really has big program weight. So, we have to develop all good oriented projects, we have to help to all good oriented persons, to improve casual problems, to do good results, to make the world good. Good relations for peoples is a good way for making good world. GUIDES (Anatoliy Golod: General Director in GUIDES: General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service) creates the good action to help to do good ways to do good world. You can call to GUIDES for many great good news, to help to do good politics, good social, economic, informational politics, good activities. Together we really can do good world!
Also it is necessary to take attention to do that all telephone calls will come to addressees; because bad structures have big networked in many countries for blocking advertising calls to many companies: different percent (10 to 100) for different companies, but almost for every company, they use it to change economic, social activities (bad structures use it to change economic activity, but also to control mass media, because advertisers don't pay much for advertising if they don't get result from advertising, then mass media are not so independent how they can be when they have good advertising budgets); so, if you take attention, it is possible to make that all telephone calls will come very good, it will make good social, economic results for people, for many companies, for mass media in all countries.
RUSSIA CREATES WORLDWIDE SUPPORT. To make good relations and good situations in society in the world, the General Universal Information Defense Excellent Service (GUIDES, Russian name: Служба общей информационной безопасности КИБЕР БИОС) is created in Russia, in the world, for the world. It accumulates informational resources from the all world security services who want to make good situations in the world. That's why it also names in mass media: the Central Intelligence Universe Agency (CIUA , “See I Are”: “I can see, You can see”; it is necessary to see each other, good communicate with each other to make good situations and good relations in society). Everybody should know that to make good situations in society there must be the real purpose, real reason for politicians, businessmen, for society, for all people.
Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod can meet to make good world!
When people read the news how GUIDES (General director in GUIDES: Anatoliy Golod) from Russia helped to Donald Trump on elections, people like original version: Donald Trump have got new father, who has arranged the son on prestigious work: President in the USA. Maybe Donald Trump will meet Anatoliy Golod to do more good results for good relations in the world.
People think that Presidents have much information, but you should know, that few advisors (or their department's members who give them information) can strategically do order from different structures. So, it is necessary to give information so, that really make defense, really prevent conflicts, really do good relations in society. So, if you can, please give this message to Donald Trump also, we have to talk, we can improve world politics. *You know, that the structures, which organize conflicts pay to few departments directors in few official organizations. The conflicts are the guilt of the agents who impede to give the momentous information, because they impede to discuss information, which can help to prevent conflicts. So, if their agents will impede to give the message, everybody obviously can find good journalists, good agents in official organizations etc., everybody can say, that you can give the message, to meet, to discuss the information more for good results. We have to write it, because conflict structures usually like to impede real work, their departments are lobbying conflicts to Trump, to many politicians, they want to expose that guilt are good structures who help to prevent conflicts. So, everybody can be active to help to give the information, we can really to meet, to help to prevent conflicts, to do good work for good relations in the world.
You can read more about this news:
https://www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/434277-vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-can-meet-to-make-good-world.html “Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod Can Meet To Make Good World!”
www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/410697
“Crimea was in Russia, came back to Russia”.
https://www.prbuzz.com/politics-a-public-affairs/409711-real-god-almighty-plus-central-intelligence-universe-agency-improve-the-world.html “Real God Almighty plus Central Intelligence Universe Agency improve the world”
www.pressreleasepost.com/russia-ukraine-are-going-to-make-good-relations-doing-repost-you-can-help
“Russia, Ukraine are Going to Make Good Relations. Doing Repost, You can Help!”
www.prworld.org/content/vladimir-putin-donald-trump-anatoliy-golod-are-going-produce-good-world
“Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump, Anatoliy Golod Are Going To Produce Good World”
http://prsync.com/general-universal-information-defense-excellent-se/father-from-russia-has-helped-to-donald-trump-really-good-sensation-1639759/
“Father from Russia has helped to Donald Trump! Really good sensation”.
https://www.prlog.org/12614378-to-improve-economics-central-intelligence-universe-agency-guides-cyber-bios.html
(To Improve Economics! Central Intelligence Universe Agency. Guides, Cyber Bios)
You can read super news:
www.supercyberking.com
www.akiber.com
good communications (Additional super data on Russian language: docs.google.com/document/d/1BE8BVZ69MNFZm2YjwHKRsbaeKxnaNG481tR-ZevAZts/pub )
GUIDES contacts:
+7(495)7604918; +7(985)7604918; +7(965)3188546, +7(903)1621034, +7(926)4107084.
Web page in social media: www.facebook.com/GolodAnatoliy ; vk.com/id16741608 ; twitter.com/AnatoliyGolod ; Email: anatoliygolod@mail.ru ; anatoliygolod@superdobro.com
*All symbols, all numbers can help to make good connections, good communications for good relations, for good results, for to solve casual problems, to improve situations. It is momentous to make good connection, the communications must always work good. You also can call to the communication operator to improve connection.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SINGAPORE, April 20 (IFR) - Sentiment in Asian markets improved today, providing a fillip to stocks and stemming a widening in regional credits.
The Hang Seng index rose 0.8% and the Shanghai Composite edged 0.06% higher. Asian credit spreads were flat, with the iTraxx Asia IG index at 103bp/104bp.
But the improved sentiment did not translate into gains for new issues.
"New issues are stagnant today, but at least they have stopped widening," said one trader.
Korea Resources' new 2022s were stuck in a range of 131bp/128bp over Treasuries, slightly out from reoffer of 130bp but tighter than the 134bp seen at one point yesterday.
Cagamas's 2022s were at 119bp/116bp, marginally tightening from 120bp seen this morning, but still above reoffer spread of 115bp.
News that Jakarta's incumbent governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama had lost his bid for re-election had minimal impact on the Indonesian sovereign's cash bonds, although the rupiah fell 0.26% on the news.
Instead, the Republic of Indonesia's 10-year bonds rose three-eighths of a point while longer-dated bonds were five-eighths higher.
The RoI 3.7% 2027s were seen at bids of 104.36 while the 2047s were at 108.06.
(Reporting by Kit Yin Boey; Editing by Vincent Baby)
A bus passes the Bank of England in the City of London, Britain, February 14, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON The Bank of England said on Monday it would not publish details of its dealings with banks that rigged market interest rates at the height of the financial crisis until a lengthy criminal fraud investigation has concluded.
The BBC released a recording on Monday of an October 2008 phone call between two bankers at Barclays (BARC.L) in which one said he was under "serious pressure" from the BoE to set an artificially low rate for Libor, an inter-bank borrowing rate.
The information in the recording largely echoes facts uncovered in investigations in 2012 by parliament and Britain's now-defunct Financial Services Authority. Those led to a record fine for Barclays and the resignation of its chief executive Bob Diamond, its chairman and chief operating officer.
The scandal involved a total of 11 banks and brokerages and raised questions about the relationship between the BoE and banks in the run-up to the crisis.
It also triggered new laws explicitly to criminalise setting inaccurate market interest rates, and a series of probes by Britain's Serious Fraud Office which have brought five convictions and some unsuccessful prosecutions.
"The Bank is committed to publishing materials relating to the SFO's investigations into benchmark manipulation when it is appropriate to do so," the BoE said in a statement.
"Until the SFO's ongoing prosecutorial activity relating to Libor and other benchmarks has concluded, the Bank is not in a position to publish these materials."
The BoE said Libor and other global benchmarks were not regulated in Britain during the period in question.
Barclays' then chief operating officer, Jerry del Missier, told a British parliament committee in 2012 that following a conversation with Diamond in 2008, he understood that the BoE wanted Barclays to submit artificially low reports of its borrowing costs to reduce concerns about its financial health.
Diamond and Paul Tucker, then a deputy governor at the BoE, both denied in 2012 that the BoE had given any such instruction, despite a written record that Diamond made in 2008 of a conversation between him and Tucker which partly implied this.
Diamond disputed this interpretation of his note, while Tucker said Diamond's note-keeping was inaccurate.
Parliament's Treasury committee concluded in 2012 that "if Mr Tucker, Mr Diamond and Mr del Missier are to be believed, an extraordinary, but conceivably plausible, series of misunderstandings and miscommunications occurred".
A British lawmaker who sits on parliament's Treasury Committee told the BBC on Monday that he wanted Tucker and Diamond to appear before the committee again to discuss the BBC's recorded telephone conversation.
Diamond told the BBC: "I never misled parliament and ... I stand by everything I have said previously." The BBC said Tucker did not respond to its questions.
(Reporting by William Schomberg and David Milliken Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
FILE PHOTO: Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad talks during a news conference at the end of his visit to Cairo, Egypt February 7, 2013. REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani gestures as he registers to run for a second four-year term in the May election, in Tehran, Iran, April 14, 2017. President.ir/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Iranian senior cleric Ebrahim Raisis gestures as he meets grand clerics in the holy city of Qom, Iran, in this handout photo believed to be taken in April 2016. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo
BEIRUT Iranian President Hassan Rouhani and hardline rival Ebrahim Raisi were both approved to run in May's presidential election by a government vetting body, while former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was disqualified, state media reported on Thursday.
The approval of Rouhani, a moderate, and Raisi, a political hardliner thought to have the backing of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, sets up a showdown between rival political camps.
Four other candidates were also qualified to run. Among them are Rouhani's vice president, Eshaq Jahangiri, and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf.
Khamenei had advised Ahmadinejad not to run, and his attempt to become a candidate was widely seen as a public snub to the Supreme Leader, which is nearly unheard of in the Islamic Republic.
The disqualification of Ahmadinejad, a two-term president, draws attention to the criteria that the Guardian Council, the governmental body which vets candidates, uses in the selection process.
Khamenei appoints half of the members of the Guardian Council, and by disqualifying Ahmadinejad, the body runs the risk of being seen as a rubber stamp for the Supreme Leader, who is the highest authority in the country.
Rouhani and Raisi will likely face off over the economy as well as the nuclear deal signed with Western powers, which Rouhani has highlighted as his signature achievement during the past four years in office.
Iran agreed to curb portions of its nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of several sanctions as part of the deal.
Political hardliners see the deal as a form of capitulation and are wary of the opening it presents for Western companies to work in the Islamic Republic.
In recent days, Raisi, who was appointed by Khamenei as the head of a multi-billion-dollar religious foundation last year, has repeatedly blasted Rouhani's economic performance.
Khamenei has also criticized Rouhani's economic performance in recent speeches and called on the government to do more to address the issue of unemployment.
About 3.2 million Iranian are jobless out of a total population of 80 million.
Rouhani has claimed that inflation has decreased and the economy has grown on his watch. He has also said in recent public appearances that the judiciary and security forces should be more mindful of ordinary Iranians' rights and privacy, which is likely to appeal to his supporters.
Rouhani was elected in 2013 with a promise to bring about greater individual freedom and detente with the West. Some of his supporters say he has fallen short of those goals.
Regardless of how the rivalry between Rouhani and Raisi plays out, top Iranian officials, including Khamenei, have said they will confront any individuals or groups who attempt to destabilize the country.
Iranian police fanned out across Tehran after the names of the candidates were announced on Thursday night, according to the news site of the Iranian judiciary Mizan Online.
Live debates between presidential candidates, a feature in the last two presidential elections, have also been called off, according to state media. Pre-taped interviews will air instead, perhaps to keep candidates from stoking up their supporters.
Widespread protests broke out and continued for months after the disputed election of Ahmadinejad in 2009, and led to dozens of deaths and hundreds of arrests.
"The bitter incidents of (2009) will not be repeated," Tehran prosecutor Abbas Jafari Dolatabadi said on Wednesday, according to state media.
(Reporting By Babak Dehghanpisheh; Editing by Janet Lawrence and Leslie Adler)
Heating and plumbing supplier Wolseley (WOS.L) is changing its name to match its U.S. brand of Ferguson, a business that accounts for 84 percent of its trading profit, and is also pulling out of the Nordic region.
Chief Executive John Martin said Wolseley, which started life in 1887 manufacturing machine tools and was involved in early motor car production, would keep its main market listing in London where it is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index.
The renaming of the parent company, subject to investor approval, alongside news that Wolseley will switch to reporting results in dollars reflects its focus on U.S. growth as Britain and continental Europe remains challenging.
"We have decided to align the group's name with our most significant brand in our largest market," Martin said.
"We will continue to use the Wolseley name in the UK and Canada where it has strong local recognition," he added.
Wolseley's shares gained over 8 percent to their highest since 2007 after the company said trading profit rose 25 percent to 515 million pounds ($646 million) in the six months to the end of January.
Martin said Wolseley would make more of its group profit in the United States over the next five years, as continuing growth in the residential and commercial markets would push the company to hire more people and buy more assets there.
"I think we'll become more American over the short term," Martin said.
Over the second quarter, U.S. like-for-like revenue growth accelerated to 6.7 percent year-on-year, the strongest percentage growth of all of Wolseley's regions.
The Nordic region accounts for only 3 percent of trading profit and the company said there were few synergies with the rest of its business.
Martin said the company would negotiate with vendors in the UK to offset an expected 3-4 percent increase in its cost of goods sold later this year.
(Reporting by Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Louise Heavens and Keith Weir)
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark smiles while sitting in her player's chair after her match against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wozniacki won 5-7, 6-1, 6-1. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic gestures after winning the first set against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark hits a forehand against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic hits a forehand against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark hits a backhand against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic hits a forehand against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark serves against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (L) shakes hands with Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (R) after their match in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wozniacki won 5-7, 6-1, 6-1. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark salutes the crowd after her match against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wozniacki won 5-7, 6-1, 6-1. Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States reacts after missing a shot against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 6-4, 7-5. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a backhand against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain salutes the crowd after her match against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 6-4, 7-5. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain reaches for a backhand against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain celebrates after winning match point against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 6-4, 7-5. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Johanna Konta of Great Britain (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain reacts to winning a game against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain shakes hands with Venus Williams of the United States (left) after their match in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 6-4, 7-5. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 30, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Johanna Konta of Great Britain hits a forehand against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) in a women's singles semi-final during the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Konta won 6-4, 7-5. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Johanna Konta became the first British woman to reach a Miami Open final when she outlasted American veteran Venus Williams 6-4 7-5 in the early hours of Friday morning.
The clock had ticked past midnight and most of the crowd had long since departed before Konta eventually put away the 36-year-old Williams after more than two hours of attrition on the Crandon Park hardcourt.
The 10th seed will play Caroline Wozniacki in Saturday's final after the Danish 12th seed won an even longer semi-final, 5-7 6-1 6-1 against second seed Karolina Pliskova to kick off the day's action.
"Thanks to everyone who stayed. Good morning by the way," Konta joked in a courtside interview at an almost empty stadium after the pair traded eight breaks of serve in a baseline slugfest.
"To be honest it was so incredibly close, so many back-and-forths in every point of every game. I feel very fortunate I was able to take advantage of a couple more opportunities than maybe her. It really could have gone either way."
The final will be Konta's second of the season after the world number 11 won the Sydney International in January, with the Briton meeting Wozniacki for a second time following her third round win over the Dane at this year's Australian Open.
Konta predicted a marathon final against Wozniacki, who capitalised on her renowned endurance and made fewer unforced errors in wearing down Pliskova, despite frittering away three set points in the opener.
The result exacted a measure of revenge for Wozniacki, who was beaten by the big-serving Czech in the Doha final last month.
"Fitness is something I'm working really hard on every day. It's a huge part of my game," Wozniacki, who completed the 2014 New York Marathon in less than three-and-a-half hours, said in a courtside interview.
"It was definitely a mental grind. Having two or three set points in that first set and ending up losing it is kind of depressing, but I got a good start to the second set and that got me fired up and I just kept playing."
Wozniacki, a part-time south Florida resident, said she considered the Miami Open her local tournament.
"It's extremely special," she said of reaching her first Miami final. "Having a place here and training here in the off season, it's a home court."
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
BEIJING, Aug 12 (Reuters) - A peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue is needed, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday, and called on the "relevant side" to exercise restraint, state television said.
It is in the joint interests of China and the United States to maintain peace on the Korean peninsula and to achieve its denuclearisation, Xi said, it added.
Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded", as Pyongyang accused him of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm. (Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
* Geopolitics mute trading volume
* FACTBOX on investment bank views on the French election
By Vikram Subhedar
LONDON, April 10 Trading volumes were muted for many financial market assets on Monday with investors refraining from making big bets because of geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula.
It is also a holiday-shortened week in much of the West.
The dollar inched towards three-week highs drawing support from U.S. rate hike expectations while global stocks, reaching the point where some see them as expensive, were stuck in neutral ahead of U.S. earnings season this week.
European stocks were little changed though shares of mining major BHP Billiton jumped more than 5 percent after activist hedge fund Elliot Management urged the company to pursue a spin-off of its U.S. business.
The increased geopolitical risks continued to spur investors to move into safer assets such as government debt.
Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea.
"The risks of a conflict have certainly grown and that should keep the dollar supported against most Asian currencies with hawkish comments from the U.S. central bank also helping," said Gao Qi, an foreign exchange strategist at Scotiabank in Singapore.
The euro edged lower and France's borrowing costs hit their highest level over Germany in six weeks as investors fretted over the rise of far-left candidate Jean Luc Melenchon in polls before this month's presidential vote.
Melenchon's emergence over the past week has raised the possibility that he will square off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the decisive second round in May, making the final result far more unpredictable.
France's bond yield spread over Germany hit 70 basis points in early trading on Monday, its highest since Feb. 27 ,.
"The market is focusing a bit too much on the extreme possibilities, but I guess with the elections coming up so soon some nerves are inevitable," said DZ Bank strategist Christian Lenk. "But at the end of the day I think (the second round) will be Macron versus Le Pen."
Global stocks have traded flat over the past month as investors after the 10 percent rise since last November's lows has taken valuations above long-term averages. The MSCI AC World index trades at 16 times forward earnings, compared to a 15-year average of about 14 times.
In commodities, oil prices rose, supported by strong demand and uncertainty over the conflict in Syria, although another run-up in U.S. drilling activity kept a lid on gains.
Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were up 0.7 percent at $55.63 per barrel.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures were up 0.6 percent at $52.55 a barrel.
Spot gold was little changed. (Additional reporting by Abhinav Ramnarayan Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 (Reuters) -
* S&P - ratings on Singapore affirmed at 'AAA/A-1+' on robust public finances; outlook stable
* S&P - affirmed the ratings on Singapore to reflect the country's stable and predictable policymaking, and political stability
* S&P - outlook reflects expectation Singapore will continue its economic resilience, sustain strong net external creditor position over next 2 years Source text - bit.ly/2orYbiF (Bengaluru Newsroom)
LONDON May 3 Britain's intention in negotiations over the post-Brexit status of European Union nationals already living in the United Kingdom is to give them very similar rights to those they enjoy now, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday.
Davis said it was important to quickly resolve the issue of what would happen to EU nationals living in Britain and to Britons living in other EU countries after the United Kingdom exits the bloc in 2019 because uncertainty was causing those people anxiety.
"It is the intention that they will have a generous settlement, pretty much exactly what they enjoy now, and our British citizens abroad will do the same," Davis said during an interview on BBC radio.
(Reporting by Estelle Shirbon; editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
May 3 MM2 Asia Ltd:
* Unit entered into a binding MoU with Cinema Pro Limited and Kbro Media Co. Limited
* MoU with Cinema Pro & Kbro Media to acquire 3.2 million new shares, totalling 19.68% of enlarged share capital at hkd1.25 each in Cinema Pro Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
April 13 Calyx Bio-Ventures Inc
* Calyx to acquire software assets and clients
* Calyx Bio-Ventures Inc says consideration for acquisition, company will issue 4.6 million common shares
* Calyx Bio-Ventures Inc - In consideration for acquisition, company will issue 4.6 million common shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds details of earnings)
São Paulo, April 27 GPA SA, Brazil's biggest retailer, on Thursday reported a swing to a profit in the first quarter as easing inflation helped the profitability of food sales and ongoing job cuts kept a lid on costs.
Net income was 215 million reais ($68 million) in the first quarter, compared with a net loss of 157 million reais a year ago, according to a securities filing.
Monthly inflation in the quarter averaged about a third of the pace a year earlier, helping GPA boost the gross margin of its Pao de Açucar and Extra supermarkets to 27.3 percent, the highest level since the end of 2015.
About 7,000 job cuts at those chains helped to reduce selling and administrative costs for the so-called Multivarejo division by 1 percent, compared with growth of 7 percent last year.
GPA's cash-and-carry wholesaler Assai also continued to provide profitable growth, as a dozen new stores and more demand from bargain-hunting families helped boost sales by 29 percent and operating profit by 75 percent.
The group's earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, a gauge of operating profit, rose 39 percent from a year earlier to 515 million reais, beating an average estimate of 353 million reais from analysts surveyed by Reuters. ($1 = 3.18 Brazilian reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes and Alberto Alerigi Jr; Editing by Andrew Hay and Leslie Adler)
TAIPEI, April 28 Top executives of Foxconn, including founder and chairman Terry Gou, visited the White House on Thursday, Taiwanese TV footage showed, as the Apple Inc supplier ponders a $7 billion-plus U.S. investment in a display-making plant.
Footage aired by TVBS television on Friday showed Gou entering and leaving one of the entry gates of the White House with senior company executives including Tai Jeng-wu, Foxconn vice chairman and chief of Japan's Sharp Corp, in which Foxconn holds a two-thirds stake.
When asked by reporters on his way out of the White House if he had met U.S. President Donald Trump, Gou responded: "My memory is not good. Maybe I already forget."
TVBS reported Gou was in the White House for around three hours.
Foxconn, the world's largest contract electronics maker that is formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co, declined to comment on the TV footage.
Gou had said in January that Foxconn was mulling setting up a display-making plant in the United States with an investment that would exceed $7 billion.
Gou provided the details at the time after Foxconn's business partner Masayoshi Son, head of Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, pledged a $50 billion investment in the United States when meeting Trump in December, while accidentally showing materials that had Foxconn's logo.
The possible expansion into the United States by several global corporates comes amid Trump's "America First" efforts to expand U.S. jobs.
While Foxconn has not disclosed a timeline for a decision on going ahead with the plant, it would depend on many factors, such as investment conditions, that would have to be negotiated at the U.S. state and federal levels, Gou has said.
A source told Reuters in February Sharp may start building the plant in the first half of 2017.
Foxconn is also one of the suitors looking to acquire Toshiba Corp's chip business, but people familiar with the matter have told Reuters that it is considered a national security risk due to its ties with China, where it has vast manufacturing facilities and employs about a million people.
The chip bidding has also been complicated by Toshiba's U.S. partner Western Digital Corp, which has said it should be given exclusive negotiating rights. (Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Deutsche Beteiligungs AG:
* Uplift in forecast for 2016/2017 net income
* Will presumably complete FY 2016/2017 posting net income which will significantly exceed, meaning by more than 20 percent, that of preceding year determined on a comparable basis, which had amounted to 46.3 million euros ($50.51 million)
* Basis for forecast uplift is preliminary net income after half-yearly period. It will reach approximately 44 million euros
* Sees net income for 2016/2017 of at least some 56 million euros Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9167 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
FILE PHOTO: A flag flies above the head office of the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) in St Andrew Square in Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain, September 11, 2014. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne/File Photo
LONDON Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) announced on Wednesday that the team managing its Williams & Glyn division of branches are leaving after the bank abandoned its seven-year-old plan to sell it to meet regulatory obligations.
Jim Brown, the chief executive of the Williams & Glyn division for the last two years, will step down next month, according to an internal memo sent to staff.
Other senior managers at Williams & Glyn including its Chief Financial Officer Leigh Bartlett, Chief Operating Officer Chris Davis and Chief Risk Officer Rick Hunkin, are also leaving.
Paul Fox, the managing director of retail and business banking at Williams & Glyn, will step up to head the remaining team, the memo said.
The British government earlier this year asked the European Commission to free RBS from its obligation to create a challenger bank for small businesses, one of the conditions set by the EU for approving its state rescue in 2008, and instead proposed alternative measures to meet its obligations.
"Jim Brown and the senior team that supported him were brought in to create a standalone challenger bank," RBS said in a statement. "As this is no longer happening, Jim and some members of the existing executive team will be leaving."
European regulators originally ordered the sale of the unit to prevent RBS from having an unfair advantage after receiving the world's biggest bank bailout at the height the 2007-2009 global financial crisis.
(Reporting By Andrew MacAskill; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
May 3 United Orthopedic Corp :
* Says it plans to issue 8 million shares of its common stock with par value of T$10 per share
* Says 15 percent of the new shares to be offered to the company's employees, 10 percent of the new shares to be offered through public offering
* Proceeds to be used for loan repayment and working capital enrichment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/8C6mZR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Dr. Bernice A. King, the youngest daughter of global human and civil rights leaders, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King, will, along with a team from The King Center in Atlanta, facilitate "Nonviolence365™ Education and Training".
Contact
OMG Media Solutions
Attn: Monique Linder
***@omgdigitalmediasolutions.com OMG Media SolutionsAttn: Monique Linder
End
-- Ujamaa Place and partnering organizations are taking a leadership role to address violence in Minnesota. On October 10 – 11, 2017, a group of 130 men will experience a life transforming education and training facilitated by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King's youngest daughter, Bernice A. King, along with a team representing The King Center (The Martin Luther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change).Nonviolence365™Education and Training is a critical step in the "Pilgrimage to Nonviolence", in which people embrace and actualize nonviolence as a lifestyle. It will empower participants to have a posture of nonviolence in their thinking, speaking and acting. It also serves as a mechanism for changing the way individuals approach problems, conflict, tension, violence and differences by providing a holistic means for responding in a nonviolent manner. The education and training provides character education within the modules, which convey Dr. King's nonviolent philosophy, methodology, perspectives and leadership style.Ujamaa Place serves men who have been involved in the criminal justice system. Most have grown up in systemic poverty and have lived a life of survival in families that often don't have what most would describe as basic needs. "It is time to take sustainable action and avoid finger-pointing and the blame game", says Otis Zanders, Executive Director of Ujamaa Place. The herculean problem requires an innovative and collaborative solution. The solution requires a sustainable strategy based on empowering people most affected by the problem.Ujamaa Place knows the pain of its men, often criminalized because of the color of their skin and inability to find a job. "This is what causes trauma and a person to lose hope," comments Hafia Gray, behavioral director of Ujamaa Place."My parents believed, as do I, that "nonviolence is the answer to the crucial moral and political questions of our time" and that it is the path to the Beloved Community," says Bernice A. King. She continues, "By leading the organizing of the upcoming Nonviolence365™Education and Training, Ujamaa Place is helping to provide the answer and the path for young men to reengage community with great purpose. Further, the deep disparities in education and economics that exist in communities of color in Minnesota cannot be ignored and will not correct themselves. Strong community partnerships are required to bring about change. My father's nonviolent philosophy and methodology will provide strength, spirit and strategy for these community partnerships. As The King Center and the world prepare to commemorate the 50anniversary of my father's assassination on April 4, 2018,, we are honored to continue his legacy by educating 130 men in St. Paul on how to create a more just, humane, peaceful world, beginning in their communities, with Nonviolence365™."More information is available at: ujamaaplace.org###The vision of Ujamaa Place is to foster development of young African American men to become strong, responsible, employed, educated and financially stable men and fathers, who provide and contribute productively to their family and community. More information at: http://www.ujamaaplace.org Established in 1968 by Mrs. Coretta Scott King, The Martin Luther King, Jr. Center for Nonviolent Social Change ("The King Center") has been a global destination, resource center and community institution for over a quarter century. Nearly a million people each year make pilgrimage to the National Historic Site to learn, be inspired and pay their respects to Dr. King's legacy. More information at: http://www.thekingcenter.org
* Futures down: Dow 17 pts, S&P 3.25 pts, Nasdaq 15.75 pts
By Tanya Agrawal
May 3 U.S. stock index futures were lower on Wednesday after downbeat earnings reports from companies, including index-heavyweight Apple.
* Shares of Apple dropped 1.8 percent to $144.89 in premarket trading, a day after the company reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales and forecast current-quarter revenue below estimates.
* Akamai Technologies tumbled 15 pct after it gave a weak forecast for current-quarter revenue and profit. Gilead dropped nearly 2 percent after the drugmaker reported a lower-than-expected profit.
* Strong corporate reports so far had resulted in estimates for first-quarter profit growth at S&P 500 companies increasing to 13.9 percent as of Tuesday, from an estimate of 10.4 percent growth two weeks back, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
* The strong earnings have also helped offset some fears about geopolitical tensions in the Korean peninsula, the lack of progress by the Trump administration in enacting its economic agenda as well as mixed economic data.
* Data last week showed the U.S. economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the first quarter. Since then automakers have reported a drop in vehicle dales for March, which along with the drop in iPhone sales, have added to nerves.
* The Federal Reserve could address GDP when it issues a statement at 2 p.m. ET (1800 GMT), at the end of its two-day meeting on interest rates. While the central bank is expected to hold interest rates steady, it may hint it is on track for an increase in June.
* Economic data due Wednesday includes ADP's jobs numbers, which is expected to show U.S. companies added 175,000 workers in April, less than the 263,000 its added in March. The report, due at 8:15 a.m. ET, comes ahead of Friday's non-farm payrolls number for April.
* Separately, the Institute for Supply Management is likely to report that its non-manufacturing index increased to 55.8 in April from 55.2 in March.
* Twilio tumbled 32.2 percent to $23.01 after the cloud-based communication software maker's revenue forecast came in below estimates.
* Weight Watchers jumped 13.7 percent to $24.10 as the weight management company raised its profit forecast.
* Facebook, Tesla, AIG and Metlife are scheduled to report after the close of market.
Futures snapshot at 6:53 a.m. ET:
* Dow e-minis were down 17 points, or 0.08 percent, with 8,709 contracts changing hands.
* S&P 500 e-minis were down 3.25 points, or 0.14 percent, with 53,280 contracts traded.
* Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 15.75 points, or 0.28 percent, on volume of 14,117 contracts. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Acacia Mining says Tanzania output hit but annual targets unchanged
LONDON, June 15 Acacia Mining's production of gold from Tanzania has been hit by an export ban but targets for the year remain unchanged at this stage, Chief Executive Brad Gordon said on Thursday.
NEW YORK, April 10 The United States, Mexico and Canada will make a joint bid to host the 2026 World Cup, top soccer officials from the three nations announced on Monday.
No nation from CONCACAF, the governing body for soccer in North and Central America and the Caribbean, has hosted the tournament since the United States in 1994.
The 2018 World Cup will be in Russia while Qatar hosts the tournament in 2022.
The CONCACAF region is widely viewed as favourite to host the 2026 tournament given FIFA rules that restrict Europe and Asia from hosting again so quickly.
The bidding process is expected to begin later this year and to run until 2020. (Editing by Andrew Both)
April 6 Jaguar Resources Inc
* Jaguar Resources Inc. Announces financing of $38 million USD
* Jaguar Resources Inc - financing consists of common shares issued at $1.20 CDN
* Jaguar Resources Inc- funds will be used to develop oil and gas prospects in western canadian sedimentary basin of Alberta
* Jaguar Resources Inc- majority of jaguar's previous debt will be converted to common shares at $1.20 cdn Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: South Africa's outgoing Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan (R) chats with Deputy Minister Mcebisi Jonas during a media briefing at their offices in Pretoria, South Africa, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
JOHANNESBURG Three cabinet ministers removed by President Jacob Zuma in a reshuffle last week quit as lawmakers of his African National Congress on Thursday ahead of a vote of no-confidence in him that the ANC has said it will defeat.
Mcebisi Jonas, an outspoken critic of government corruption who was deputy finance minister until Zuma sacked him, resigned as a member of parliament along with Tina Joemat-Pettersson and Dipuo Peters, axed as energy and transport ministers last week.
They will be replaced with candidates from an ANC list.
The ANC has rejected calls from opponents and some long-time political allies for Zuma to resign after the reshuffle, centred on the sacking of Pravin Gordhan as finance minister, cost the country one of its investment-grade credit ratings.
South Africa's rand ZAR=D3 has tumbled more than 11 percent since March 27 when Zuma ordered Gordhan home from overseas meetings with investors.
It was not clear if Gordhan would also step down as an MP.
"I am resting now. I will see you on the 18th," he said when asked on Thursday. Parliament will vote on the no confidence motion against Zuma on April 18.
Jonas made headlines last year when he said he had been offered the finance minister's job by members of the Gupta family, Indian businessmen who have close ties with Zuma and have been accused of influence-peddling. Zuma and the Gupta family have denied any wrongdoing.
The main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party encouraged Jonas to challenge Zuma, who has denied repeated allegations of corruption since winning power in 2009.
"We can only hope the former deputy minister will have the courage and energy to fight on against 'state capture'," its shadow finance minister David Maynier said, referring to accusations against the Guptas which they have rejected.
NO CONFIDENCE VOTE
Zuma, 74, has survived four previous no confidence votes. The ANC has a commanding majority in the national assembly and said on Thursday that its members would vote against the motion.
The ANC Chief Whip's office rejected calls for a secret ballot for the no-confidence motion. The opposition has said this could make it possible for ANC lawmakers to vote against Zuma without facing reprisals.
In another blow to Zuma, the Treasury said its Director General Lungisa Fuzile, who is well respected in financial markets and worked closely with Gordhan and Jonas, would leave after new Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba takes the reins.
Gigaba has declared plans to redistribute wealth in the economy to poor black people as part of a programme of "radical socio-economic transformation" promised by Zuma..
Inequality still festers in South Africa more than 20 years after the end of white-minority rule.
Fears that budget discipline could falter under Gigaba have contributed to market jitters, but he and Zuma have assured investors they will maintain policies established under Gordhan.
Zuma has pledged to expropriate land but analysts said violent seizures of farms like those in neighbouring Zimbabwe were unlikely.
Fitch Ratings is likely to follow S&P by downgrading South Africa's credit rating to "junk", analysts said, which would further push up the country's borrowing costs.
S&P cited the sacking of Gordhan, a two-time finance minister regarded as a steady hand by the international investors on whom South Africa relies to finance its hefty budget and current account deficits, to explain the rating cut.
"We didn't need the downgrade, by the way, if we had just behaved ourselves," Gordhan said on Thursday at a memorial in Cape Town for veteran anti-apartheid stalwart Ahmed Kathrada.
FRIDAY MARCHES
Thursday's resignations are an embarrassment rather than a direct threat to Zuma. But he still faces demands to step down from political and civil society groups that will march on Friday in protest against the president, who they say will hurt the economy and cost yet more jobs by staying in office.
Zuma welcomed civil society group SaveSA's plans to protest outside his office, saying it was their legal right to do so.
The DA will march in the commercial hub Johannesburg.
The South African Communist Party, a historic ally of the ANC which has also demanded that Zuma step down, said it had postponed its planned march in Pretoria to a later date. A "holding hands" picket is planned in Cape Town.
"The marches in themselves will not have an effect on the ANC, the only thing that will have an effect will be the internal ebb and flow of its factions," said political analyst Daniel Silke.
(Additional reporting by Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo, Mfuneko Toyana and TJ Styrdom in Johannesburg and Wendell Roelf in Cape Town; Writing by James Macharia; Editing by Catherine Evans)
(Corrects name of app to "Telegram" from "Telegraph" in sixth paragraph.)
By Jonathan Stempel
April 20 Confide, a popular encrypted messaging app said to be used by White House officials, does not keep communications confidential as its maker promises, a proposed class-action lawsuit charges.
According to a complaint filed on Thursday with the federal court in Manhattan, Confide Inc cannot assure app users of the "unequivocal confidentiality" it advertises because messages can be saved on screenshots, and do not self-destruct once read.
Jeremy Auman, a Michigan resident, said he bought a $6.99 a month Confide app subscription in January because the company promised "message ephemerality and screenshot protection," only to discover his messages could be copied and stored permanently.
"We're dealing with an environment where people are very concerned about the security and confidentiality of their communications," his lawyer Christopher Dore said in an interview. "What people are paying for is not what they are getting."
Jon Brod, Confide's president and a co-founder, in an email said the company's policy is not to discuss pending litigation.
Founded in 2013, Confide is based in Manhattan, and its app competes with such rivals as Signal, Telegram and WhatsApp.
A series of high-profile hackings and leaks, including from Edward Snowden and WikiLeaks, has boosted the importance of securing sensitive communications.
According to the lawsuit, such security issues have also become a concern at the White House.
Sean Spicer, the White House spokesman, has demanded that some aides surrender their phones for inspection and warned them against using apps such as Confide and Signal, Politico reported in February.
President Donald Trump later said he would have handled the matter differently but was "OK" with Spicer's actions.
Confide's website says its app lets customers have "honest, unfiltered, off-the-record conversations" that "disappear without a trace" once completed.
It suggests that the app is useful for sensitive matters including job referrals, human resources issues and deal discussions, as well as "good-natured office gossip."
Auman's lawsuit was filed by Edelson PC, a Chicago firm that often sues technology companies over alleged privacy violations.
Two days ago, the firm filed a lawsuit accusing Bose Corp of using apps to track what its wireless headphone customers listen to, and selling that information to third parties.
Auman is seeking millions of dollars of damages for Confide's alleged violations of New York consumer protection laws, and fraudulently inducing people to buy its app.
The case is Auman v Confide Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 17-02848. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr and Dan Grebler)
LONDON British Formula Four driver Billy Monger has had his lower legs amputated after an horrific crash at the Donington Park circuit on Sunday, series organisers said on Wednesday.
The 17-year-old, who smashed at speed into the back of another car that had halted on the track, was trapped in the wreckage for more than 90 minutes before being extricated and flown to hospital.
"Due to the injuries sustained and despite every effort, Billy has sadly had both lower legs amputated," the FIA sanctioned junior series, the first step on the single-seater ladder after karting, said in a statement.
"He has been kept in an induced coma while undergoing surgery, from which he is expected to be woken in the next few days."
A crowd-funding site was set up to raise funds for the teenager's medical treatment and recovery, with Formula One drivers joining the motorsport community in expressing support on Twitter.
"Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family," said Mercedes' triple world champion Lewis Hamilton.
The Just Giving page aiming to raise 260,000 pounds ($332,000) had already hit 315,000 within a day of going live.
"Just watched the crash of @BillyMonger and can only say that life is so cruel...let's all help this young lad," commented former F1 racer Johnny Herbert, who suffered severe foot injuries in a junior series crash at Brands Hatch in 1988.
($1 = 0.7822 pounds)
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ed Osmond)
FILE PHOTO: Construction cranes are pictured in the skyline of Los Angeles, California, U.S., March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
U.S. office vacancy rate was flat at 15.8 percent in the first quarter of 2017, compared with the fourth quarter of 2016, according to real estate research firm Reis Inc (REIS.O).
Asking rent rose 1.8 percent in the first quarter from the same period a year earlier, marking the slowest annual rate of office rent growth since 2011. Effective rent rose by 0.4 percent.
If the new U.S. administration simplifies or lowers tax rates, job growth could increase and spur higher growth in the office market, said Barbara Denham, senior economist at Reis.
"Overall occupancy expanded in the first quarter, but growth continued to disappoint as net absorption was the lowest since 2014," Denham said in a statement.
Net absorption, which is measured in terms of available office space sold in the market during a certain time period, plummeted more than 65 percent to 4.92 million square feet.
Construction activity slowed, with 7.94 million square feet of new office construction completed during the quarter, compared with 9.09 million square feet in the fourth quarter.
(Reporting by Shashwat Awasthi in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)
April 6 GEE Group Inc
* GEE Group - On March 31, 2017, co and its subsidiaries, as borrowers, entered into a revolving credit, term loan and security agreement - SEC Filing
* GEE Group Inc - Loans under credit agreement mature on March 31, 2021 - SEC Filing
* GEE Group - Under terms of credit agreement, company may borrow up to $73.8 million consisting of a four-year term loan in principal amount of $48.8 million
* GEE Group - Amounts borrowed under credit agreement may be used to repay existing indebtedness, to partially fund capital expenditures among others Source text: [bit.ly/2nia0JH] Further company coverage:
LONDON, March 29 Britain has formally triggered the process of leaving the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
European Council President Donald Tusk received a letter from the British ambassador to the EU on Wednesday. The notification letter, handed over in Tusk's Brussels office in the presence of journalists, triggers a two-year countdown to Brexit under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty.
"The Article 50 process is now under way and in accordance with the wishes of the British people, the United Kingdom is leaving the European Union," May told parliament.
May said Britain would seek to agree its future partnership with the bloc alongside the withdrawal terms. (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan, Elizabeth Piper and William James, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
April 10 Hawaiian Holdings Inc -
* Hawaiian Airlines reports March and first quarter 2017 traffic statistics and updates expected first quarter metrics
* Expects to record a special charge of approximately $20 million in q1
* Raised its expectations for q1 operating revenue per asm growth
* Also raised its expectations for cost per asm (casm) excluding fuel and special items for q1 ended March 31, 2017
* March load factor 85.0% versus 82.9%
* March RPMS 1.32 billion versus 1.23 billion
* Raised expectations for casm ex-fuel, special items for q1 to include impact of newly ratified pilot contract, new accounting standard
* March ASMS 1.55 billion versus 1.49 billion
* Sees q1 cost per asm excluding fuel and special items up 6% to up 8%
* Sees q1 operating revenue per asm up 6.5% to up 8%
* Sees q1 cost per ASM up 6.5% to up 8% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
CORRECTED-UPDATE 1-At least 3 people injured in San Francisco shooting -local media
June 14 At least three people were injured, including the suspected gunman, in a shooting on Wednesday at a United Parcel Service facility in San Francisco, local media reported.
FILE PHOTO: A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
AMSTERDAM Global chemical weapons investigators have gone to Turkey to collect samples as part of an inquiry into an alleged chemical weapons attack in neighbouring Syria last week that killed 87 people.
The fact-finding mission was sent by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) in The Hague to gather bio-metric samples and interview survivors, sources told Reuters on Thursday.
The toxic gas attack on April 4, which killed scores of people including children, prompted a U.S. cruise missile strike on a Syrian air base and widened a rift between the United States and Russia, a close ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in his conflict with rebels and militants fighting to oust him.
Syrian authorities have repeatedly denied using any chemical weapons. Russian officials said the gas had been released by an air strike on a poison gas storage depot controlled by rebels. Washington said that account was not credible, and rebels have denied it.
Samples taken from the poison gas site in Syria's Idlib governorate tested positive for the nerve agent sarin, the British delegation at the OPCW said on Thursday.
"UK scientists have analysed samples taken from Khan Sheikhoun. These have tested positive for the nerve agent sarin, or a sarin-like substance," the delegation said during a special session on Syria at the OPCW in The Hague.
The UK result confirmed earlier testing by Turkish authorities that concluded that sarin had been used for the first time on a large scale in Syria's civil war since 2013.
The OPCW mission will determine whether chemical weapons were used, but is not mandated to assign blame. Its findings, expected in 3-4 weeks, will be passed to a joint United Nations-OPCW investigation tasked with identifying individuals or institutions responsible for using chemical weapons.
International investigators have concluded that sarin, chlorine and sulphur mustard gas have been used in Syria's six-year-old conflict, with government forces using chlorine and Islamic State militants using sulphur mustard.
Last week's poison gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in the rebel-held province of Idlib near the Turkish border was the most lethal since a sarin attack on Aug. 21, 2013 killed hundreds in a rebel-controlled suburb of the capital Damascus.
(Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 5 Brazilian planemaker Embraer SA sees $1.5 billion in annual exports as "a good target" for its KC-390 military cargo jet scheduled to enter service next year, Jackson Schneider, head of the company's defense unit, told journalists on Wednesday.
Brazil's Air Force has already ordered 28 of the aircraft for 7.2 billion reais ($2.33 billion), with two deliveries in 2018, three in 2019 and "the sky is the limit" for production in the following years, Schneider said.
($1 = 3.0939 reais) (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
A worker shelters from the rain under a Union Flag umbrella as he passes the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, October 1, 2008. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON Britain's FTSE index of leading shares closed higher on Wednesday after a choppy session following Britain's formal triggering of its departure from the European Union.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE ended up 0.4 percent, as sterling's retreat stoked expectations more gains for the export-heavy index.
While the June 2016 vote for Brexit spurred a sharp sell-off in equities, the FTSE 100 recovered swiftly and is up more than 16 percent from pre-Brexit levels. It has hit a series of record highs this year.
The benchmark index's predominantly international, dollar-earning firms have been boosted by the weaker pound, which remains down almost 17 percent from pre-Brexit levels. The more domestic-focused mid-cap index .FTMC rose 0.1 percent.
"It's all about the pound. Any weakness in the pound will see the FTSE 100 push that bit higher," Charles Hanover Investments' partner Dafydd Davies said.
"The banks are a key sector to be keeping a very keen eye on, and of course also any inward-looking UK-listed companies stand to be particularly volatile in relation to the agreements or any guidance that we do get later on in the day."
Though individual stock moves were relatively muted, shares in 3I Group (III.L) soared 5.7 percent after Morgan Stanley analysts upgraded the private equity firm to "overweight".
"We believe Action could be worth €10bn+ (more than 250p per 3i share). This is not reflected in 3i's share price, so we upgrade to Overweight," analysts said in a note.
EU antitrust regulators blocked a proposed merger of Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) and the London Stock Exchange (LSE.L), saying that the deal would have harmed competition. Shares in LSE rose 2.7 percent.
Mining firms also provided support, with BHP Billiton (BLT.L) and Antofagasta (ANTO.L) gaining 2.7 percent and 2.2 percent respectively as the price of copper hit its highest level for more than a week. [MET/L]
Gold miners Randgold Resources (RRS.L) and Fresnillo (FRES.L) fell as the price of gold slipped. [GOL]
Blue chips aside, AA (AAAA.L) dropped 3.9 percent after brokers chewed over Tuesday's full-year results, while shares in Acacia Mining (ACAA.L) fell 3 percent after JP Morgan downgraded the gold mining company to "neutral".
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
COLOMBO, April 5 Sri Lankan shares rose on Wednesday to their highest close in nearly three months led by blue chips such as John Keells Holdings Plc, as continued foreign buying boosted sentiment.
The Colombo stock index ended 0.84 percent firmer at 6,198.32, its highest close since Jan. 16. The index rose 1.1 percent last week, posting its first weekly gain in six.
"Foreigners see value in some select blue chips now. Now, we see there is a demand for stocks mainly because foreign investors are buying them gradually," said Prashan Fernando, CEO, Acuity Stockbrokers.
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 231.6 million rupees ($1.53 million) on Wednesday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow to 6.07 billion rupees in equities. They have net bought 3.58 billion worth equities in the past 12 sessions.
Turnover stood at 640.7 million rupees, less than this year's daily average of 747.7 million rupees.
Shares of conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc gained 2 percent, while Hatton National Bank Plc climbed 0.2 percent.
($1 = 151.5500 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Shihar Aneez; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
VALLETTA Talks between the European Union and Britain to negotiate the country's exit will be difficult and sometimes confrontational, EU Council President Donald Tusk said on Friday, adding that there would be no parallel talks on issues outside of that.
"The talks which are about to start will be difficult, complex and sometimes even confrontational. There is no way around it," Tusk said after a meeting with Maltese Prime Minister Joseph Muscat in Valletta.
"Starting parallel talks on all issues at the same time, as suggested by some in the UK, will not be happened," he added.
Tusk said he would meet with British PM Theresa May in London before an April 29 summit in Brussels.
(Reporting by Robin Emmott, writing by Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Alissa de Carbonnel)
Two black employees of Fox News have accused a white executive of racial harassment and the cable network of ignoring their claims of discrimination in a lawsuit filed in New York City.
Fox payroll employees Tichaona Brown and Tabrese Wright claimed that Judith Slater, the former senior vice president of accounting and comptroller, ridiculed and mocked them based on their race on several occasions, according to the lawsuit filed in New York state court in the Bronx on Tuesday.
The women said they "and other dark-skinned employees suffered years-long relentless racial animus" working under Slater. The network fired Brown and demoted Wright after learning they would not settle the complaint, according to the lawsuit.
A Fox News spokeswoman said Slater was fired last month in response to the complaints, and that Brown is still employed by the network. Wright was transferred to a different department this week, she said, but not demoted.
"We take complaints of this nature very seriously and took prompt and effective remedial action before Ms. Brown and Ms. Wright sued in court and even before Ms. Wright complained through her lawyer," the spokeswoman said.
"There is no place for inappropriate verbal remarks like this at Fox News," the spokeswoman added. "We are disappointed that this needless litigation has been filed."
The suit came six months after Fox News, a unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc, settled a sexual harassment suit by former anchor Gretchen Carlson for $20 million. Carlson's allegations led to the resignation of network chief Roger Ailes, who abruptly ended his 20-year rein over the profitable and powerful cable news channel.
Brown and Wright said Slater made various racist statements, including mocking stereotypically black speech, claimed black men are "women beaters" and regularly expressed her fear of black people.
On one occasion, Slater asked Wright, a mother of three, if her children "were fathered by the same man," according to the lawsuit.
They also said executives at Fox News and Twenty-First Century Fox ignored repeated complaints against Slater.
In addition to creating a racially hostile work environment, the women accused the network of unequal pay and opportunities for advancement because of their race, in violation of New York state law. They are seeking unspecified damages.
(Reporting by Brendan O'Brien in Milwaukee and Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
“Darkest Hour,” the film portraying Winston Churchill as he takes the helm in a country teetering on the edge of submission to Nazi Germany, has been nominated for six Oscars, including for best leading actor and picture. The movie plays to a deep national sentiment that Britain can snatch victory from the jaws of defeat, portraying the ignominious evacuation of British forces at Dunkirk in 1940 as a triumph. In fact, the real takeaway is precisely the opposite.
Britain's checkered relationship with Europe since World War Two demonstrates a capacity to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. That trait is culminating in Brexit, a decision that continues to roil the UK as Prime Minister Theresa May's grip on power looks ever shakier. The past week has seen growing pressure on her to quit and a dispute over a leaked government document putting hard numbers on potential damage to the economy as a result of Brexit.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron's recent remark in Davos that Britain's vote to exit the European Union was a mistake rather than a disaster is a modern reinvention of the Dunkirk myth. (In his speech after Dunkirk, Churchill himself cautioned that wars were not won by evacuations and that Britons should not “assign to this deliverance the attributes of a victory.”) Before Cameron's ill-conceived and unnecessary referendum in 2016, Britain held the commanding economic and strategic heights in the European Union. The British economy was outperforming the euro area as the currency union struggled to recover from the debt crisis of 2010-12 that nearly tore it apart. Despite its reservations about the expanding reach of European integration, Britain benefited strategically from its influence as a big member state within the EU, which reinforced and enhanced its wider international standing.
The contrast with today is stark. Though Britain avoided an immediate recession following the Brexit vote, its economy now trails a resurgent euro area. British growth in 2017 was the slowest for five years despite the uplift from a more buoyant global economy. Mark Carney, governor of the Bank of England, has said that Brexit has already cost the British economy one percentage point of growth and that this loss will probably reach two percentage points by the end of 2018.
From a strategic perspective, too, Britain has lost stature as foreign governments rub their eyes at a country quixotically bent on weakening itself. Despite President Trump's attempt to smooth relations with May in Davos, Britain's relationship with America is now fractious rather than special. May herself is a diminished figure outshone within Europe by the new sun king, French President Emmanuel Macron.
A European Union flag flies between a statue of Winston Churchill and the Big Ben clock tower during an anti-Brexit rally in London, March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Paul Hackett
The British knack of turning triumph to disaster in its relations with Europe goes back to the aftermath of World War Two, and is not confined to May's Conservative Party. In the late 1940s Britain had an unrivalled opportunity to shape a more united Europe on its own terms, concentrating on economic rather than political integration. But following the landslide Labour victory over the Conservative Party in 1945 the new government failed to seize the chance, focusing instead on securing American commitment to the economic revival and security of Western Europe. For his part Churchill, cast into opposition, hankered after Britain's past glory as a great power belonging uniquely to all three of what he sonorously called in 1948 the “three great circles” of America and the English-speaking world, Europe and the Commonwealth.
Eventually France took the lead when its then-foreign minister Robert Schuman proposed a coal-and-steel community that was in effect the embryo of the EU. Crucially, Britain decided to stand aside from this plan. In a lecture before the Brexit referendum, Vernon Bogdanor, Cameron's political tutor at Oxford University, called the day of the Schuman declaration – 9 May 1950 – “the most important date in the post-war history of Western Europe.” Although Britain eventually boarded the European train in the early 1970s, it did so on terms already decisively determined by France and Germany that included the political vision of “ever closer union.” And it did so as the sick man of Europe following two dismal decades of relative economic decline when Britain grew more slowly than the continent.
Former British Prime Minister David Cameron, pictured here at the EU council headquarters in Brussels in 2016, says the Brexit vote was a mistake rather than a disaster. REUTERS/Yves Herman
Even so, inside the bloc Britain gradually started to claw its way back, recovering lost economic ground by growing faster than its European neighbors. And armed with the clout of a big member state the British were able to score some notable wins. In particular, they were a driving force behind the creation of a single market in the late 1980s and early 1990s and secured an opt-out from the over-ambitious project of creating a single currency.
Now once again Britain is plucking defeat from these victories. Remarkably, the City of London had emerged as the currency union's financial capital even though Britain did not join the euro. That position is in jeopardy owing to Brexit as euro-zone countries led by France in particular seek to relocate financial activities in the monetary union. May is intent on leaving the single market that her Conservative predecessor Margaret Thatcher helped to forge in the 1980s.
Ardent Brexiters such as trade minister Liam Fox argue that Britain is once again embracing the wider world beyond Europe at a time when most growth will come from emerging economies. Yet Britain has long had the scope to do that within the EU merely by emulating the performance of Germany in these export markets. German firms, for example, outsell British enterprises by a wide margin in India, even though the British have the advantage of cultural and linguistic affinities together with political links through the Commonwealth. Britain may be able to cut new trade deals after leaving the EU, but it will have much less to offer than as a member of the union, and other countries will be ruthless in exploiting its new-found weakness.
“Darkest Hour” tugs at Britain's national sense of pride because the British had a good war, not just on the winning but the right side. Yet victory can have a sting. Jean Monnet, the architect of the Schuman plan and patron saint of European integration, memorably mused that Britain's abstention in the founding years when it was so much in its interest to join in was the price of its wartime success – “the illusion that you could maintain what you had, without change.” What he could not have foreseen was Britain would pay that price a second time, by leaving.
Mylan NV said on Wednesday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration declined to approve its generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's (GSK.L) blockbuster Advair asthma treatment, but provided no details of the agency's concerns or how long the product might be delayed.
Mylan's shares fell 2.9 percent to $40.50, while GSK's U.S.-traded shares rose 0.7 percent.
Mylan said it received a so-called complete response letter (CRL) from the FDA, which had been expected to decide by Tuesday whether to approve the first generic copy of Advair, a two-part inhaled drug used to treat asthma and chronic lung disease.
The FDA leaves it to companies to disclose the contents of any CRL it issues. They can contain demands for additional clinical trials that can take years, or involve minor delays as the agency reviews additional data or complete inspections of manufacturing plants.
The drugmaker issued a statement saying it was reviewing the FDA's response and would provide an update on its application "as soon as practicable."
What is clear is that GSK has gained additional time to sell Advair without facing competition from a cheap generic, a welcome reprieve for its incoming Chief Executive Emma Walmsley who takes over later this week.
Mylan's Chief Financial Officer Ken Parks this month said the company was anticipating a midyear launch of the product, but that now appears to be highly unlikely.
"The receipt of a formal CRL will now introduce questions around the company's ability to get to market this year and what that means to 2017 guidance," RBC Capital Markets analyst Randall Stanicky said in a note.
Since Advair is one of the first complex inhaled combination generic products to be reviewed by the U.S. agency, some analysts had estimated a low likelihood of a swift approval.
Another generic version of Advair from Hikma Pharmaceuticals is awaiting an FDA decision by May 10.
Dealing with the threat of competition to Advair, which has generated more than $1 billion in sales each year since 2001, is the first big challenge facing Walmsley.
If generic copies do hit the market by mid-2017, GSK expects Advair's U.S. sales to fall to about 1 billion pounds ($1.24 billion) this year, from 1.83 billion pounds in 2016.
(Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru and Bill Berkrot in New York; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar and Richard Chang)
ROME (Reuters) - Alessandro Zanni will win his 100th cap for Italy on Sunday after being drafted into the team following a two-year absence for their Six Nations opener against England in Rome.
The 34-year-old, who was named at lock, last played against Wales in the Six Nations in March 2016 and has been out injured for much of the time since. He has spent most of his career as a loose forward.
He is among seven changes in the team named by coach Conor O'Shea on Friday from their 35-6 defeat to South Africa in Padua last November.
Tommaso Allan returns at flyhalf after injury kept him out of the last three internationals against Fiji, Argentina and the Springboks and there are starting berths for veterans Tommaso Benvenuti at wing and hooker Leonardo Ghiraldini.
Sunday's team includes seven players who will be making their first Six Nations appearance, including Matteo Minozzi at fullback, the centre pairing of Tommaso Boni and Tommaso Castello, youthful flankers Renato Giammarioli and Sebastian Negri, New Zealand-born lock Dean Budd and Simone Ferrari in the front row.
Six Nations titleholders England have won all 23 of their previous meetings with Italy, averaging 40 points a game.
They had something of a scare at Twickenham last year, however, when they struggled to deal with the Italians' surprise “no ruck” tactics before coming from behind at halftime to emerge 36-15 winners.
Italy have finished last and picked up the “wooden spoon” 12 times in the 18 years since the tournament was expanded to become the Six Nations.
Team: 15-Matteo Minozzi, 14-Tommaso Benvenuti, 13-Tommaso Boni, 12-Tommaso Castello, 11-Mattia Bellini, 10-Tommaso Allan, 9-Marcello Violi, 8-Sergio Parisse (captain), 7-Renato Giammarioli, 6-Sebastian Negri, 5-Dean Budd, 4-Alessandro Zanni, 3-Simone Ferrari, 2-Leonardo Ghiraldini, 1-Andrea Lovotti
Replacements: 16-Luca Bigi, 17-Nicola Quaglio, 18-Tiziano Pasquali, 19-George Biagi, 20-Maxime Mbanda, 21-Edoardo Gori, 22-Carlo Canna, 23- Jayden Hayward.
April 13 Nikkei:
* Yamato Holdings is expected to report that operating profit fell by half to just over 30 billion yen in the year ended in March - Nikkei
* Yamato Holdings Co Ltd's sales look to have risen 3 percent to about 1.46 trillion yen in the year ended in March - Nikkei Source text - (s.nikkei.com/2nJwKlM) Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
BRUNSWICK — Northbound traffic on the Frank J. Wood Bridge, which carries Route 201 into Topsham, will be detoured from Wednesday, April 19, to Monday, April 24, because of bridge repairs.
The one-lane closure will not affect southbound traffic from Topsham.
The detour will re-route drivers from Route 1 to Route 196, back to Route 201 in Topsham, according to the Maine Department of Transportation.
Unable to cover the same ground as he did five years ago, Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he has become a more intelligent footballer as he gets older.
The 35-year-old Swede has been in fine form in his first year at Old Trafford, scoring his 28th goal in all competitions this season in Sunday's 3-0 away win over Sunderland in the Premier League.
"I know what I am able to do," Ibrahimovic told Sky Sports. "I am not worried, I just play my game, I try to enjoy and it seems that the older I get, the more intelligent I get."
"You do not waste so much energy on things you do not really need."
Ibrahimovic's statistics suggest he may indeed now be using more brains than brawn on the pitch. Before turning 30 in 2011, the former Malmo, Ajax, Juventus, Inter Milan, Barcelona and AC Milan player scored 232 goals in 528 appearances, British media reported.
Since that landmark birthday, he has scored 250 goals in 308 appearances playing for Milan, PSG and United.
United lies fifth in the table, four points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, who hold the final Champions League qualification spot, but with a game in hand.
"We have to keep focussing, working and believing we will reach the top four," Ibrahimovic added. "We believe in it and we will do everything to get into the top four."
Even if they finish outside the top four, United could qualify for next season's Champions League by winning this year's Europa League. They travel to Belgian side Anderlecht for the quarter-final of Europe's second-tier club competition on Thursday.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
April 20 Fortune Financial Services (India) Ltd
* Says to consider merger of Fortune Integrated Assets Finance Limited with Fortune Financial Services
* To consider acquisition of shares of IRC Credit Management Services and Intl Risk Consultants Insurance Brokers Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rescue workers are seen in an area in central Oslo cordoned off by the police after the discovery of a 'bomb-like device', in Oslo, Norway April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ole Petter Skonnord
Rescue workers are seen in an area in central Oslo cordoned off by the police after the discovery of a 'bomb-like device', in Oslo, Norway April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ole Petter Skonnord
Members of Oslo police bomb squad work at the scene the after the discovery of a 'bomb-like device', in Oslo, Norway April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Ole Petter Skonnord
OSLO Norwegian police set off a controlled explosion of a "bomb-like device" in central Oslo early on Sunday and were holding a suspect in custody in an investigation led by security police.
A Reuters reporter described a loud bang shortly after Oslo's bomb squad arrived with a remote-controlled robot once the area was cordoned off by police late on Saturday night.
"The noise from the blast was louder than our explosives themselves would cause," a police spokesman said, adding that further investigation was needed to find out if the device had contained explosives.
The device, about 30 cm (1 ft) across, had appeared to be capable of causing only a limited amount of damage. Forensics experts will examine fragments to figure out what it was.
Police across the Nordic region have been on heightened alert after a truck ploughed into a crowd in Stockholm on Friday. Four people were killed and 15 injured in what police called an apparent terror attack.
Norwegian police detained a suspect but declined to give information about his identity. Norway's police security service, PST, said in a tweet it had taken over the investigation from local police.
"We're in a very early phase of the investigation," PST spokesman Martin Bernsen said. More details were likely later on Sunday, he added.
Police took away cordons put up overnight in the Groenland area and residents resumed normal Sunday activities, with shops and cafes open. There was no sign of police at the site.
The Groenland area, a multi-ethnic neighbourhood that is home to popular bars and restaurants, several mosques, and the city's main police station. The police station is less than a kilometre away from where the device was found.
In 2011, right-wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik set off a car bomb in Oslo that killed eight people and destroyed Norway's government headquarters, before going on a shooting rampage that killed 69 people at nearby Utoeya island.
(Additional reporting by Gwladys Fouche, writing by Terje Solsvik and Alister Doyle; Editing by Larry King)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Capitec Bank Holdings Ltd:
* ‍ADVISE THAT CAPITEC‘S CFO, ANDRÉ DU PLESSIS HAS HAD A SUCCESSFUL MEETING WITH BGFM TEAM THIS MORNING​
* ‍BGFM TEAM IS SATISFIED WITH CAPITEC‘S RESPONSE​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
(Adds CEO comments on bank sale, food inflation)
By Lawrence White and Paul Sandle
LONDON, April 6 Co-operative Group, Britain's mutually-owned supermarket to funeral services group, lost 132 million pounds in 2016 after writing off its stake in the struggling Co-operative Bank.
Co-op said on Thursday that the uncertain prospects for the bank, which its management is trying to sell following a near collapse in 2013, made it prudent to value its stake at nil.
It is the third consecutive reporting period in which the group has written down the value of its 20 percent holding in the bank, which it valued at 140 million pounds in September.
The write-off meant that while the group's operating profit rose by 32 percent to 148 million pounds ($184 million) in 2016 on growth in its supermarkets, funeral services and insurance it recorded a pretax loss for the year.
Chairman Allan Leighton said the non-cash charge should not overshadow the strength of the recovery in its three core businesses which had pulled off a "hat-trick" of increasing market share and reporting industry-leading growth for the first time in five or six years.
Co-op said like-for-like sales in its supermarkets had grown by 3.5 percent, as its convenience stores attracted customers who wanted to shop little and often.
Chief Executive Steve Murrells said the growth had come from selling more food, as prices fell about 1 percent last year.
But two years of falling prices have come to an end, according to industry data, with rising import prices after Britain voted to quit the European Union last year.
Food inflation was about 1.5 to 2 percent, but had "probably slowed a little in the last few weeks", Murrells said.
"We've got a job to get a good balance between supporting good, loyal suppliers as well as keeping the pressure on the inflation lid," he told reporters.
Co-op, which had 4 million active customer members who receive a reward for buying its own-brand products, has been sourcing more products, such as meat, from British farmers in response to customer demands for locally-produced food, he said.
This had the added benefit of shielding some of the impact of rising import prices, Murrells added.
Murrells said the group had no role in the sale of the bank, but it remained hopeful that a buyer would be found.
The Co-op Bank, which is largely owned by its bondholders following its near collapse, has drawn interest from several bidders after it put itself up for sale in February.
Sources close to the process told Reuters that most bidders were interested in specific assets only as they saw little value in buying the whole group. ($1 = 0.8027 pounds) (Editing by Greg Mahlich and Alexander Smith)
MADRID A Russian computer programmer, Pyotr Levashov, has been arrested in the Spanish city of Barcelona, a spokesman for the Russian embassy in Madrid said on Sunday.
It was unclear why Levashov was arrested. The embassy spokesman declined to give details for his arrest, and Spanish police and the interior ministry were not available for comment on Sunday.
Russian television station RT reported that Levashov was arrested under a U.S. international arrest warrant and was suspected of being involved in hacking attacks linked to alleged interference in last year's U.S. election.
Peter Carr, a spokesman for the U.S. Justice Department's criminal division, said: "The U.S. case remains under seal, so we have no information to provide at this time."
The criminal division is separate from the national security division, which is responsible for investigating state-sponsored cyber crimes.
A U.S. Department of Justice official said it was a criminal matter without an apparent national security connection.
Spanish authorities notified the Russian embassy of Levashov's arrest on Friday, the embassy spokesman said.
In January, Spanish police arrested another Russian computer programmer, whose name was given as "Lisov" and who was wanted by the United States for leading a financial fraud network.
The U.S. government has formally accused Russia of hacking Democratic Party emails to help the campaign of Republican President Donald Trump. The U.S. Congress is also examining links between Russia and Trump during the election campaign.
Russian officials, including President Vladimir Putin, have repeatedly denied that Russia tried to influence the election.
(Reporting by Angus Berwick; Additional reporting by Alexander Winning in Moscow and Sarah Lynch and Mark Hosenball in Washington; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
April 3 Kwan On Holdings Ltd:
* Fortune Decade Investments & Twilight Treasure Ltd sells 99.97 million shares & 40 million shares respectively in issued share capital of Co
* Says share sale for HK$1.13 per share to some purchasers who are independent third parties of Co and its connected persons
* Says sale shares represented about 14.58 percent of issued share capital of company
* Kwan on holdings says fortune decade ceases to hold any shares in co and ceased to be a substantial shareholder following share sale Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 MTS Systems Corp :
* MTS reports financial results for fiscal year 2016 full year and fiscal year 2017 first quarter
* Sees FY 2017 GAAP earnings per share $0.80 to $1.20
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.55 excluding items
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.09 including items
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.61 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue $199.3 million versus $140.5 million
* Sees GAAP earnings per share of $0.80 to $1.20 for fiscal year 2017
* Company is forecasting revenues in range of $760 million to $790 million for fiscal year 2017
* Forecasting adjusted EBITDA for full year to range between $115 million and $130 million
* Company's probe confirmed that some employees involved with China Test business violated company's code of conduct
* Probe confirmed some of its employees started company that competes with MTS in low end of materials test market within China
* Investigation did not find any evidence of intellectual property theft
* Investigation identified opportunities to enhance processes and controls related to adherence with co's Code of Conduct
* Steps are being taken to improve oversight activities in these areas, including creation of new 'Chief Risk and Compliance Officer' Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, March 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Nearly 27 million people in countries facing famine - Nigeria, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen - do not have access to safe water, which can be as deadly to severely malnourished children as a lack of food, the U.N. children's agency said on Wednesday.
More than 20 million people - a number greater than the population of Romania or Florida - risk dying from starvation within six months in the four countries due to conflict and climate change, the United Nations said last month.
UNICEF said water shortages, inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene posed additional risks to malnourished children in the four countries and could lead to fatal diarrhoeal diseases.
" ... unsafe water can cause malnutrition or make it worse, no matter how much food a malnourished child eats, he or she will not get better if the water they are drinking is not safe," Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF director of emergency programmes, said.
"The combination of malnutrition, dirty water and poor sanitation sets off a vicious cycle from which many children never recover," Fontaine said in a statement.
In northeast Nigeria, where millions of people have fled an insurgency by Boko Haram militants, 75 percent of water and sanitation infrastructure has been damaged on destroyed, leaving 3.8 million people without access to safe water, UNICEF said.
In Somalia, which has been hit by the worst drought in 20 years, many water sources have dried up or were contaminated, leaving about a third of the population without access to water, sanitation and hygiene, it said.
UNICEF said conflict had left 5 million people in South Sudan and at least 14.5 million people in Yemen with no access to safe water, basic sanitation and hygiene.
"We are working around the clock to save as many lives as we can as fast as we can," Fontaine said.
"But without an end to the conflicts plaguing these countries, without sustainable and unimpeded access to the children in need of support and without more resources, even our best efforts will not be enough."
Last month, United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres said more than $4 billion was needed by the end of March to respond to the emergency, which has resulted in nearly 500,000 children suffering from severe acute malnutrition. (Reporting by Magdalena Mis @magdalenamis1; Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
April 10 Shandong Tongda Island New Materials Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 20 percent to 45 percent, or to be 3.6 million yuan to 5.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (6.5 million yuan)
* Says increased price of raw material as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/kLUuwY
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Local authors will be available to sign copies of local history books
End
--The Desert Ridge Barnes & Noble will be hosting a local author book signing on Saturday, June 24at 2:00 p.m. G.G. George, author ofand, and Nicole Underwood and Greg Esser, authors ofwill be available to sign copies of their local history books. Stop by to get your copies signed!The diverse and glorious story of the Arizona State Fair is vividly portrayed here with images from the territorial days to the present. The state fairgrounds occupy 80 acres in the heart of Phoenix, and neighborhoods listed on the National Register of Historic Places surround it on all four sides. From illuminating the abundance of agricultural and mineral riches prior to statehood to administering programs during the Great Depression and from providing a facility for defense during World War II to being a magnificent resource for Hurricane Katrina evacuees, the fair, which is in its 112th year of existence, and its fairgrounds have always mattered to Arizonans.The Encanto-Palmcroft neighborhood in central Phoenix was created in the twilight of the "City Beautiful Movement," a philosophy that supported beautiful surroundings to promote moral and social order. Palmcroft was developed in 1927 by prominent Phoenix booster Dwight B. Heard and William G. Hartranft, father of the Phoenix parks system. Encanto, "The Enchanting,"was founded by Lloyd C. Lakin and George T. Peter in 1928. These custom Period Revival homes were styled as bucolic refuges from the bustle of downtown. Even into the 21st century, this neighborhood maintains its integrity and significance due to the participation of residents who realize its historic importance.The nationally recognized Roosevelt Row Artists' District in downtown Phoenix originated during the platting of the Churchill Addition in 1888, when fewer than 4,000 people called the city home. The Evans and Churchill Additions enjoyed vibrant, walkable mixed-use growth until the suburban sprawl of the 1950s pulled people and resources away from the downtown city core. Significant decline fell upon the area for decades, until artists began to imagine new possibilities in the 1990s. Few urban areas in the United States have undergone such rapid and dramatic revitalization as Roosevelt Row. In 2000, the area's affordability attracted artists who began to transform underutilized structures and vacant lots into a vibrant, diverse, welcoming community. Iconic events, live music, unique performances, and temporary public art have made it one of the largest monthly art walks in the county, and USA Today recently named Roosevelt Row "one of the ten best city arts districts" in the country.Barnes & Noble21001 N. Tatum Blvd. Suite 42Phoenix, AZ 85050Saturday, June 24th, 2017; 2:00 p.m.Available at area bookstores, independent retailers, and online retailers, or through Arcadia Publishing at (888)-313-2665 or online.The combination of Arcadia Publishing & The History Press creates the largest and most comprehensive publisher of local and regional content in the USA. By empowering local history and culture enthusiasts to write local stories for local audiences, we create exceptional books that are relevant on a local and personal level, enrich lives, and bring readers closer - to their community, their neighbors, and their past. Have we done a book on your town? Visit www.arcadiapublishing.com
I had a taster of what it might be like to be an injured runner during the recent storm Emma.
Trapped inside, I longed to escape for a run. Being told it was unsafe to venture out made me wish for my running freedom even more. Indeed, it was only a few days of cabin fever, but if I was prevented from running by injury I imagine the frustration would quickly build.
Time on our hands
While some people panicked about the lack of bread, many runners worried about missing miles during the inclement weather. Cross-training by building a snowman or clearing a path just didn't appeal as an alternative. The extra time around the house only served to offer more time to ponder the lack of running. I had emails and calls from students anxious about how they would manage to make up the lost training sessions.
Be Flexible
The advice I gave to my snowbound students is quite similar to that which I would give to an injured runner who is concerned about losing fitness, strength and motivation. Having to adapt our schedule can be hard as most of us thrive on routine with running being a key part of our identity. However, there are times we need to be flexible with our training, remain calm and make the most of the situation without feeling guilty for not running.
Alternatives to Running
There is a lot more to being a runner than just running miles. Being off the road does not mean that all training has to stop. With more time on our hands, we have an opportunity to invest time in the complementary aspects of running that often get overlooked when we are too busy running.
Stay in Control
Replace your running time slots with cross-training of the physical, mental or even gourmet kind. It can be unsettling when injured to lose the structure from our weekly routine. Maintaining a schedule for our running time will help us feel in somewhat control of our running. We can use the time to prepare our body best for its return to the road.
Move Differently
Runners are often stiff and tight and often ignore the niggles. Whether you choose yoga, pilates, mobility stretches or foam rolling, create a self-care routine for your body. Find the right exercise by experimenting with some online videos. You might even have a set of exercises prescribed by your physiotherapist that you are not as diligent at practicing as you should be. Set a timer for 10-15 minutes and move in a way that feels good for you. This is enough time to stay focused but not too long to get distracted.
Read and Write
You probably have running magazines, books and online articles you have been meaning to read. Pick one article per day and get inspired. Even Netflix has running documentaries if you are really struggling to get off the couch. Anything that helps you get motivated surely counts as training. Consider writing a running journal to track your progress when on and off the road. Looking back over the entries on these days when you are frustrated will be interesting reading in the future. Sometimes just writing down how we are feeling can lift our mood and put things in perspective.
Breathe
My current favourite complementary running practice is working on my breathing. Both calming and energising, focusing on our breath is something we can all work on, regardless of injury. A clearer head benefits more than just our running recovery. There are many mindfulness techniques and once again a range of options online or in apps to help you out. I'm experimenting with oxygen advantage technique at the moment which focuses on nasal breathing and breath holding to help mirror altitude training without having to do any high-intensity training. Find something that interests you and spend a little time practicing.
Stocktake
Am I the only one who's running gear seems to multiply in the wardrobe? This could be a nice time to declutter or organise running memorabilia and old race T-shirts. Enjoy looking over your running past and remember the days where running has brought joy to your life. Take time to look at your running shoes and sports bras too. Do any need to be replaced?
Train the head
I have spoken many times on the importance on working on our mindset and mental training. This is an ideal focus when you are limited with your running miles. Not just for elite athletes, practices such a positive self-talk and visualisation will calm the nerves, reduce anxiety and build confidence all without running a minute. Start simply by writing down a list of all the things you can do to help your running when you are out of action. Focus on the positive rather than dwelling on what you cannot do right now.
Eat
When we stop running we can feel sluggish. Many of us reverted to Christmas eating practices during Storm Emma. A few days won't do us any harm but a longer term injury could affect the waistline and mood unless mindful of what we eat. Use this time now to experiment with cooking healthy post-run dinners that you can freeze or try some homemade healthy snacks that you can reach for instead of the biscuit tin. Plan ahead now and it will be easier to resist temptation when you have the good stuff in stock.
Move on
A few weeks on from the snow and all those who were apprehensive about how much it would set them back have moved on. Storm Emma is a distant memory, but when the next storm comes your way, should it be triggered by the weather or an injury, you have a list of tasks with which to keep busy. Don't let the uncertainly cause you to be anxious, instead adapt the plan and you might even enjoy the change of focus.
Sign up for one of The Irish Times' Get Running programmes (it is free!) and Get Healthy for 2018.
First, pick the programme that suits you.
- Beginner Course: This programme is an eight-week course that will take you from inactivity to being able to run 30 minutes non-stop.
- Stay On Track: The second programme is an eight-week course for those of you who can squeeze in a 30- to 40-minute run three times a week.
- 10km Course: This is an eight-week course designed for those who can comfortably run for 30 minutes and want to move up to the 10km mark.
Best of luck!
DUBAI, April 5 A senior central banker in Oman has called on the country's banks to be extra-vigilant about their exposure to sensitive sectors such as real estate as the Gulf state copes with the impact of lower oil prices.
Oman lacks the ample oil and fiscal reserves of its wealthy neighbours and its finances have been hit hard by the plunge in fuel prices since 2014.
Qais Al Yahyaei, head of the financial stability department of the Central Bank of Oman, made his comments at a meeting this week that assessed the vulnerabilities of the country's financial system, according to a statement posted on the bank's website late on Tuesday.
Investors are concerned about the outlook for Oman's economy, as it faces a current account and a fiscal deficit.
A Bank of America Merrill Lynch report said earlier this month that Oman's twin deficits imply a need for material external financing to prevent sustained erosion in foreign assets and to defend the rial peg to the U.S. dollar.
Al Yahyaei was quoted as saying that the current prevailing macroeconomic uncertainty "warrants extra vigilance and cautionary measures from banks in their exposures towards sensitive sectors such as real estate and personal loans."
His presentation also raised concerns on the concentration of loans, deposits, and borrowers in the banking sector. The statement did not provide more details.
The statement said data as of end-December 2016 showed that there were no immediate concerns on capital adequacy, liquidity, assets quality and profitability of the banks.
Oman's government sold $5 billion of international bonds earlier this month, completing its entire foreign borrowing plan for 2017 in a single issue. (Reporting by Saeed Azhar; Editing by Stephen Powell)
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
OSLO, Feb 2 (Reuters) -
** Chilean fish farmer Salmones Camanchaca ended its IPO bookbuilding on Feb. 1
** The Shares in the Offering are priced at NOK 42 per Share, it said on Friday
** Initially the price range were from NOK 38.5-48 per share
** In total 19.8 mln common shares were placed in the IPO, corresponding to 30 pct of the total share capital
** Salmones Camanchaca has allocated in total 9.18 mln new common shares and Compañía Pesquera Camanchaca S.A. has sold in total 10.62 mln common shares
** The Selling Shareholder will retain 70 pct ownership in Salmones Camanchaca and consequently the free float will be 30 pct following the Offering and the Chilean Offering
** Following the Offering, there will be in total 66 million shares, of which the new Shares represent 13.9 pct
** The offer price implies a market capitalization of Salmones Camanchaca of about NOK 2,772 mln (about $363 mln)
** The company will have its first trading day in Oslo on Feb. 2, starting at GMT 0800
** Managers of the deal are DNB Markets, Larrain Vial, Nordea Bank and Pareto Securities AS (Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
UPDATE 1-Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) and accepted responsibility for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Follow all the latest developments below:
3.48am: Two Worsley Spur residents refused to sleep overnight, as flames crept closer to their homes. Steve Hoare, who was looking at his home through binoculars, told 1 NEWS he was there "just to see whether the house will go up or not". He said he left his sprinklers on to try to save the lives of his sheep.
3:28am: Civil Defence says there are still some "very active fronts" - but not as many as there were prior to midnight. The overnight drop in temperature and rise in humidity has been helpful. Estimates are still currently that about 400 households have been evacuated from the areas around Victoria Park/Dyers Pass Road, Worsleys Road, Westmorland and Kennedys Bush.
3:25am: Sunrise will take place in Christchurch about 6.50am this morning, and first light 30 minutes before at about 6.20am. Firefighting helicopters have been grounded overnight, as working in the dark is too dangerous, but they are set to resume at first light.
3:10am: 1 News Breakfast program, with Hilary, Jack and the crew will be live from 4am this morning as they cover the Port Hills crisis. You can watch the live stream here from 4am.
3:08am: Firefighters are currently in a holding pattern with winds having died down. But the fire service says from here conditions will begin to worsen as the day starts heating up. Firefighters are trying to just hold the blaze until first light when air support will resume.
3:01am: There's a power cut in and around Christchurch as a result of the big Port Hills fire. 122 properties are without power with 42 of those in the Cashmere Hills area out since 10.30pm last night. Here are the affected areas.
2:42am: The Fire Service says the fire is continuing to spread quickly, and crews are being rotated to keep them fresh. The effort is focusing on protecting properties until first light when helicopters can start operating again.
2:25am: A Facebook page has been created for those wishing to offer housing to fire evacuees. You can click on it here, at Evacuation housing.
2:17am: The Canterbury Police Communications centre report they've called in an extra 37 officers to work overnight. In total around 60 officers will be out about in Christchurch helping, as fire threatens homes in the Cashmere hills above Christchurch. The officers are involved with manning cordons, notifying residents of evacuations and carrying out reassurance patrols in area where people have been evacuated.
2.00am: In addition to rural Fire Service staff, a group of 86 made up of 50 Police and 36 NZDF members are working overnight on the fire response doing evacuations and reassuring people who have been impacted. Police will knock on doors and call phones of properties where people need to evacuate, but if people are feeling unsafe, the advice is to leave.
1.38am: Once again, police are advising rubberneckers to go home if they are safe, amid reports of hundreds of Christchurch locals in places they shouldn't be, watching the fire.
1.20am: The fire service has told 1 News they are working hard to contain a large fire which has already destroyed 7 properties in the Cashmere Hills above Christchurch.
The fire, which is a merging of the Marley Hill and Early Valley, fires is now burning over and area estimated to be around 1850 hectares.
Southern Fire communications centre shift Manager Riwai Grace says they currently have 39 fire appliances and tankers operating in the area.
He says they are trying to contain the fire and working with Police to ensure public safety.
A map from the MODIS satellite showing locations of significant heat activity in the Port Hills within the last 24 hours, current as of midnight Wednesday. Source: NASA/MODIS
He's also warning people who do not need to be in the area to stay away.
Mr Grace says two fire appliances have attended a suspicious fire in the Bexley area behind the Water Treatment plant.
He says they don't need any people making a nuisance of themselves and if anyone sees people acting suspiciously to contact the Police of Fire Service.
He's encouraging people to take down registration numbers or take photos of people acting suspiciously on their cell phones.
1.07am: Civil Defence has confirmed the news no one wanted to hear, that is, that the two Port Hills fires, Marley Hills and Early Valley have now merged into one, developing significantly during the afternoon and into this evening.
"The estimated area of the fire is now in excess of 1850ha and still growing. The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road below Sign of the Kiwi and is developing in Victoria Park. It has also spread to within close proximity of the dense residential housing of Westmoreland.
"At least three additional houses have been destroyed in the area of Worsleys Road.
"Evacuations are continuing, as the fire has compromised properties in the Worsleys, Hoon Hay Valley and Kennedys Bush Roads, and streets in the vicinity of Longhurst Terrace in Cashmere. The area south of Sign of the Takahe on Dyers Pass Road has also been evacuated.
"There is the potential for fires to continue to spread towards residential properties overnight, with fresh easterly winds continuing. Evacuation areas will be extended overnight if the need arises.
"Police are planning to knock on doors and phone residents in areas that must evacuate. However, if people are worried or feel uncomfortable in their home, the advice is to leave.
"Te Hapua Halswell Centre and the Nga Hau e Wha Marae are open for evacuated residents.
"Resources from out of the region are being mobilised."
12.34am: Jos Ritchie from Civil Defence's emergency operations centre says the Marley Hill fire and Early Valley fire have merged.
12.14am: Civil Defence says helicopters and fixed planes have been stood down for the night. Ground crews and fire services are working through the night.
"The fires are burning within an estimated 1,655 hectare area on both sides of the Port Hills, but not all of this area is alight as the fire has been extinguished in some locations.
"If a member of the public is concerned about a flare up overnight, which they believe may threaten lives or property, we advise them to call emergency services on 111."
12.02am: Civil Defence has issued a correction to an earlier report that 40 homes had been engulfed. They now say only two or three homes have been engulfed on Worsley Spur.
11.52pm: Startling photos of the fire zone are flooding twitter. We've posted a few below. And just a word on 1 News' TV coverage of this story, we'll be staying on air with updates from our reporters at the scene every half hour throughout the night, you can catch them on TV1.
11.36pm: Police are assisting with the latest evacuations at Long Hurst Terrace, off Dyers Pass Road and residents should leave their properties immediately.
Police remind those who have been displaced that a welfare centre has been set up at Halswell Library, Halswell Road.
Anyone who is not able to evacuate themselves should call 111.
11.23pm: Police have confirmed 40 houses have been engulfed in flames on Worsley Rd. Police and New Zealand Defence personnel are currently evacuating homes in the Kennedys Bush, Cashmere and Hoon Hay Valley roads as well as homes from the Sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park. The advice from Civil Defence is that if you have any concerns about your safety, leave your home.
Christchurch Mayor Lianne Dalziel earlier confirmed to Newstalk ZB that up to 400 people had been evacuated from the street.
10.26pm: Update from police: Residents in the area from the Sign of the Takahe, Cashmere to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately. This includes Victoria Park Road, Pentre Terrace and Dyers Pass, south of Takahe Drive. The south side of Cashmere Road between Kennedy's Bush Road and Hoon Hay Valley Road is also being evacuated.
10.15pm: Christchurch Civil Defence update - Residents from the sign of the Takahe to Victoria Park should evacuate their homes immediately.
The fire has crossed Dyers Pass Road into Victoria Park.
9.50pm: We are also evacuating the south side of Cashmere Road to Kennedy's Bush Road, and to Hoon Hay Valley Road, says Christchurch City Council.
9.40pm: Civil Defence update: Around 300-400 people have been evacuated from homes in Worsley Road, Cracroft, the bottom of Hoon Hay Valley Road and the Westmorland area. Hundreds of others across the hills have self-evacuated as the fire spreads.
9.35pm: Kordia says its transmission site located at the bottom of Sugarloaf, which provides services that include television and radio for the Christchurch area, is currently under 'significant threat by the Port Hills fire'. Kordia says it has activated its disaster recovery plans and is 'working with its customers to prepare for the worst'.
ROAD CLOSURES
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
(Reuters) - West Bromwich Albion must continue to turn up the heat on teams immediately above them, manager Alan Pardew has said, as Premier League's basement club bid to climb out of the relegation zone.
West Brom, who have 20 points from 25 games after three wins, 11 draws and 11 defeats, are three points behind fellow strugglers Swansea City and Saturday's rivals Southampton.
Huddersfield Town, Stoke City, Brighton and Hove Albion and Newcastle United are level on 24 points to occupy the spaces above the drop zone.
“The bottom teams have picked up points and we've gained on those teams in the middle area and made everybody nervous. That's important and we've got to keep doing that,” Pardew told the club's website.
“Rather than focus on how important it is for Southampton, it's more important for us to keep closing that gap to teams who probably thought they were getting comfortable - and they're certainly not comfortable now.”
West Brom, who appointed Pardew as manager in November after sacking Tony Pulis, ended a dismal league run beating Brighton 2-0 last month for their first victory in 21 games.
They held Everton to a 1-1 draw before a 3-0 defeat at league leaders Manchester City in midweek.
WASHINGTON, April 10 The U.S. Justice Department said on Monday it had launched an effort to disrupt and dismantle the Kelihos botnet - a global network of tens of thousands of infected computers under the control of a cybercriminal.
Kelihos malware targeted computers running the Microsoft Windows operating system, the department said in a statement. According to the civil complaint, Peter Yuryevich Levashov, a Russian citizen, allegedly operated the Kelihos botnet since approximately 2010, the statement said.
In order to liberate the victim computers, the United States obtained court orders to take measures to neutralize the Kelihos botnet, including establishing substitute servers and blocking commands sent from the botnet operator, the department said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh)
(Repeats story from late Wednesday with no changes)
* PBOC increasing flexibility and scope of its operations
* Greater use of market mechanisms instead of benchmark rates
* Expanded scope of its prudential tools to manage risk
* Aims to control cost of capital without shock to system
By Kevin Yao
BEIJING, April 12 China's central bank has been quietly boosting its policy independence and regulatory reach as it seeks to contain risks to the financial system, policy insiders said, to help ensure stability ahead of a five-yearly leadership team transition this year.
By greater use of market mechanisms to adjust interest rates instead of changing the official benchmark rates, which need political approval, the People's Bank of China has assumed more targeted, timely and effective control of its principal policy objective - to calibrate the cost of capital in the economy.
And by broadening the scope of the tools it uses to assess and limit the accumulation of risky assets in the banking system, it has expanded its oversight powers without getting embroiled in the kind of bureaucratic infighting that has beset plans to create a financial super-regulator.
That has given the PBOC room to manoeuvre at a time when it needs to contain speculative bubbles and risky lending while avoiding abrupt tightening measures that could hurt the economy.
"China faces big systemic risks, and 2017 is a crucial year for controlling such risks," said a policy adviser.
"The central bank has been expanding its regulatory functions and it's taking an over-riding role (on risk controls)."
The PBOC is likely to guide market interest rates higher using reverse repurchase agreements (repos), and its standing lending facility (SLF) and medium-term lending facility (MLF), while keeping benchmark interest rates steady, policy advisers said. That will allow it to fine-tune borrowing costs without using the blunt instrument of benchmark rates, which could hurt the heavily indebted corporate sector.
"China's economic fundamentals are slowly improving, but there could be problems if we tighten policy too quickly," a second policy adviser said.
The central bank raised short-term interest rates on March 16 in what economists said was a bid to stave off capital outflows and keep the yuan currency stable after the Federal Reserve had raised U.S. rates.
That followed increases in its repo rates and the SLF on Feb. 3, and a rise in rates on the MLF in late January.
Its recent changes to interest rates have been announced during market trading, including just hours after the Fed raised rates.
In contrast, previous changes in official benchmark lending and deposit rates, which needed cabinet approval, often came in the evening or at weekends.
China's central bank still has much less autonomy than Western peers, so it doesn't have the final word on adjusting official interest rates or the value of the yuan. The basic course of monetary and currency policy is set by the cabinet or by the Communist Party's ruling Politburo.
The PBOC did not return requests for comment.
TWIN PILLARS
Under long-serving Governor Zhou Xiaochuan, the PBOC has been a driver of the reform agenda, with a long-term goal to make banks' borrowing costs more market driven to improve resource allocation and wean the economy off its reliance on state-led investment.
Reuters reported in 2015 that China was considering bringing together its banking, insurance and securities regulators into a single super-commission, following a stock market crash that was blamed in part on poor inter-agency coordination.
But policymakers and the different bureaucracies have yet to reach a consensus on how to proceed with a regulatory overhaul.
"Such an overhaul is unlikely to happen soon because it concerns interests, personnel arrangements and relationships between different departments," said another policy adviser.
Chen Yulu, a central bank vice-governor, told a forum last month that the PBOC is trying to establish a "twin-pillar framework of monetary policy plus macro-prudential policy".
The central bank's macro-prudential assessment (MPA) is a formal evaluation that assigns a score to each bank based on parameters believed to include asset quality, capital adequacy, the proportion of liquid assets and stability of funding.
The MPA was launched last year and, while not publicly disclosed, the PBOC has widened the risk-assessment framework to include off-balance-sheet wealth management products (WMPs) in the first-quarter report, sources at commercial banks said, in line with the central bank's announcement in December.
"To control financial risks, we cannot have a fragmented regulatory system under which different agencies do their own things," said a source at a major commercial bank.
"Letting the central bank take the lead is most suitable, given that it's tasked to oversee money supply, liquidity, and control systemic risks."
WMPs, often linked to shadow banking, have seen explosive growth in recent years, with funds channelled into stock and bond markets.
"It's necessary for the PBOC to take on more regulatory functions under its MPA because there are many hidden risks that could pose a threat to China's financial stability," said the second policy adviser.
The official Shanghai Securities News reported last month that mortgages could also be included in the MPA this year. Home mortgages accounted for nearly 40 percent of China's record new loans of 12.65 trillion yuan ($1.8 trillion) last year.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) says China's total private and public debt has grown to more than 250 percent of GDP, up from 150 percent before the global financial crisis. ($1 = 6.8979 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Will Waterman)
(Adds quotes from head of research at Lipper) By Sam Forgione and Jennifer Ablan NEW YORK, April 13 Investors' risk aversion was on display this week as geopolitical tensions sent new money into safe-haven assets such as government-Treasury as well as gold funds, Lipper data revealed on Thursday. Taxable bond funds attracted $1 billion in new cash to mark their fourth straight week of inflows, with $396 million going into U.S.-based government-Treasury funds, Lipper data in the seven days through April 12 showed. U.S.-based corporate investment-grade bond funds attracted $96 million in the latest week, continuing their inflow streak since December, according to Lipper. For their part, non-taxable U.S. municipal bond funds attracted $1.6 billion for the reporting period, the strongest weekly flows since the week ended Dec. 30, 2013, Lipper added. "Investors are questioning whether the market has gotten a little ahead of itself against the geopolitical risks and concerns with North Korea and Syria and China's Xi Jinping visit," said Tom Roseen, head of research services at Thomson Reuters Lipper. "Treasuries and munis are just a safe-haven play, with the 10-year yield getting pushed down as these safe-haven plays rallied. Interestingly though, munis got a big boost...maybe because its tax season." U.S.-based stock mutual funds posted cash withdrawals of $1.2 billion, their third consecutive week of outflows, while U.S.-based stock ETFs saw inflows of $2.5 billion, Lipper said. Investors in exchange-traded funds are thought to represent the institutional investor, including hedge funds. Mutual funds are thought to represent retail investors. All told, Roseen said notable this week is "the big net inflows" into international equity funds totaling $4 billion -the largest inflows since Dec. 30, 2015. Roseen said the European Central Bank did not plan on hiking rates soon and "oil got a little boost from supply concerns after the Syrian air strike. I would have thought the upcoming French elections would have caused people to take a wait-and-see approach." That said, investors hedge positions with gold, given geopolitical worries. U.S.-based commodities precious metal funds, which consists of gold futures, posted inflows of $295 million, their second consecutive week for the group, Lipper data showed. The following is a broad breakdown of the flows for the week, including mutual funds and exchange-traded funds: Sector Flow Chg % Assets ($Bil) Count ($Bil) Assets All Equity Funds 1.378 0.02 5,723.560 11,618 Domestic -2.402 -0.06 4,054.624 8,309 Equities Non-Domestic 3.780 0.23 1,668.936 3,309 Equities All Taxable Bond 1.022 0.04 2,378.526 5,854 Funds All Money Market -2.578 -0.11 2,316.295 1,016 Funds All Municipal 1.628 0.44 373.776 1,396 Bond Funds (Reporting by Sam Forgione and Jennifer ABlan; Editing by Dan Grebler and Lisa Shumaker)
CALGARY, Alberta, April 28 As global oil majors pull out of Canada's oil sands, domestic companies are buying up assets and betting technology and economies of scale will enable them to turn a profit despite low crude prices.
Global energy majors have sold off more than $22.5 billion worth of Canadian oil sands assets so far this year, concerned about depressed oil prices, high production costs and carbon emissions and limited pipeline access to market.
Three of Canada's biggest oil and gas companies reported first-quarter earnings and held annual general meetings this week, in which they talked up opportunities in the region despite global firms pulling back.
"We are transforming our company at a pivotal time in the industry and at the beginning of a technological renaissance," Cenovus Energy Inc Chief Executive Officer Brian Ferguson told investors on Wednesday.
Cenovus last month announced a C$17.7 billion ($12.98 billion) deal to buy ConocoPhillips assets, doubling the size of the Canadian company. The market baulked at the ambitious acquisition and Cenovus stock lost a fifth of its value, but Ferguson insists the logic behind the deal is sound.
He predicts 2016 to 2020 will be period in which rapid technology development in areas including drilling, solvent-assisted bitumen extraction and automation will result in massive cost savings.
Suncor Energy Inc CEO Steve Williams said the sector consolidation was very positive for the industry and Canada.
"The oil sands business needs focused operators with strong balance sheets and deep expertise," Williams said on an earnings call. "We expect the transition to more concentrated oil sands leaders to enable regional synergies and technology development that will drive the sector forward and ensure its global competitiveness for decades to come."
Suncor, Canada's largest energy company, bought a majority-share in the Syncrude mining and upgrading project last year.
The facility cut production after a fire in March but Suncor's main oil sands plant nearby has helped manage Syncrude's bitumen inventories during the outage, a move that Williams said was a good example of how to leverage expanded infrastructure.
Imperial Oil Ltd, majority-owned by Exxon Mobil Corp, has so far held back from buying up any oil sands assets, but CEO Rich Kruger said Canada's vast bitumen reserves were an incredible resource with improving economic and environmental competitiveness.
"Our industry has shown we have an ability to make things better and better over time, so don't bet against the Canadian oil sands," he said.
(Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
FILE PHOTO: Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan addresses his supporters during a rally for the upcoming referendum, in Izmir, Turkey, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Umit Bektas/File Photo
(In this April 11 story, corrects second paragraph to show overseas voting has finished.)
By Tuvan Gumrukcu
ANKARA Turks living overseas are turning out in greater numbers to vote in a referendum on changing the constitution to create an executive presidency, President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Tuesday, a development that pollsters say could benefit him.
Voters in Turkey will go to the polls on April 16 to decide on the referendum that would give Erdoğan sweeping new powers. Voting for expatriate Turks began as early as late March in some countries and ended on Sunday.
The referendum campaign has brought a rapid deterioration in relations with some of Turkey's European allies over the banning of some rallies by Turkish ministers in the Netherlands and Germany on security grounds, something Erdoğan has denounced as "Nazi-like" tactics.
A high turnout abroad is likely to boost Erdoğan, pollsters say, citing past elections, but at home it could hurt him as opposition voters traditionally make up a bigger proportion of those who tend to shun the polls on an election day.
"There is an amazing explosion of votes abroad. Around 1.42 million votes have been cast," Erdoğan said at a ceremony in the southeastern city of Sanliurfa, calling on his supporters to flood the ballot box with "yes" votes in the referendum.
The figure Erdoğan cited suggests a turnout of around 50 percent, based on the 2.88 million voters registered abroad in the last general election in November 2015, according to data from the High Electoral Board (YSK).
In that election the turnout was around 40 percent among expatriates, with 56 percent of those votes being cast for the AK Party, which Erdoğan founded more than a decade ago.
Polls show a close race days before the referendum, putting the "yes" vote slightly ahead, but indicate that nearly half the country could reject the proposed constitutional changes.
Foreign vote results will be announced once the actual referendum is held on Sunday.
BITTERLY DIVIDED
One polling company, Mak Danismanlik, seen as close to Erdoğan, said initial exit polls from abroad showed the "yes" vote at 62 percent. It said the only country where the "no" vote had prevailed was the United States. It did not say how many people it had polled or where the research was conducted.
Pollsters Gezici, whose research has tended to overestimate opposition support, forecast 82-83 percent voter participation domestically and a "yes" vote as high as 56 percent if the turnout is lower in Turkey.
The referendum has polarised the nation of 79 million. Erdoğan's opponents fear increasing authoritarianism from a leader they see as bent on eroding modern Turkey's democracy and secular foundations.
Erdoğan argues that the proposed strengthening of the presidency will avert instability associated with coalition governments, at a time when Turkey faces security threats from Islamist and Kurdish militants.
It was not immediately clear what the turnout in specific countries was, but in the November 2015 election, around 40 percent of the Turks in Germany cast their votes while the figure was around 45 percent in the Netherlands.
Germany's Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper said Turks living there had cast 696,863 votes for the referendum, bringing turnout in Germany to 48.73 percent.
(Additional reporting by Ercan Gurses and Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara and Andrea Shalal in Berlin; Writing by Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by David Dolan/Mark Heinrich)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
VIENNA May 2 Austria's Financial Market Authority, which is overseeing the wind-down of "bad bank" Heta Asset Resolution, has increased its forecast of how much will be earned from the sale of Heta's assets to roughly 8.6 billion euros ($9.39 billion).
The increase, from a previous estimate of 6.0 billion euros, was largely due to the better-than-expected proceeds from the sale of Heta's assets so far, the FMA said, adding that as of last month Heta had cash reserves of 8.1 billion euros.
The overwhelming majority of Heta's creditors sold their bonds last year to Carinthia, the southern Austrian province that was home to failed lender Hypo Alpe Adria and which guaranteed its bonds to the tune of roughly 11 billion euros.
Heta was formed from the remnants of Hypo Alpe Adria and the wind-down of its assets is due to be completed by 2023.
Because of the better-than-expected proceeds of the wind-down so far, the FMA said it was reducing the size of the haircut formally placed on Heta's senior bonds, the bulk of the paper, to 35.6 percent from 53.98 percent.
The Austrian government lent Carinthia the money with which it bought back Heta's bonds. ($1 = 0.9163 euros) (Reporting by Francois Murphy; Editing by Shadia Nasralla)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 31 Energy Fuels Inc:
* Energy Fuels Inc - effective July 1, 2017, Mark S. Chalmers will become president, as well as chief operating officer, of Energy Fuels
* Energy Fuels Inc - Chalmers is currently company's COO, a position he has held since July 1, 2016
* Energy Fuels Inc - Stephen P. Antony, who is currently president and CEO of company, will continue in his role as ceo after July 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
HONG KONG, March 31 Hong Kong's private home prices climbed for an 11th straight month in February, hitting another record high, a government index released on Friday showed.
In February, Hong Kong's private home prices index rose 1.1 percent from the previous month, to 312.8 from 309.4, according to data from the Rating and Valuation Department. The February figure was 14.3 percent higher than a year earlier.
The Asian financial hub has the world's least affordable private housing and flats cost 18.1 times the gross annual median income, according to a survey by Demographia, a private firm.
Hong Kong's newly-selected leader Carrie Lam, who will take office in July, said on Tuesday she was "very determined" to tackle the high cost of housing, one of the top concerns of foreign business executives about the city.
The government has vowed to increase housing supply and has raised stamp duties to try to rein in prices, but to little effect.
Property developers from mainland China have been submitting record-breaking bids in Hong Kong land auctions, which is likely to keep driving housing prices up. (Reporting by Venus Wu; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Hong Kong's central bank raises base rate 25 basis points after Fed hike
HONG KONG, June 15 The Hong Kong Monetary Authority on Thursday raised the base rate charged through its overnight discount window by 25 basis points to 1.50 percent.
An emergency sign points to the entrance to Scripps Memorial Hospital in La Jolla, California, U.S. March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Thursday issued a final rule that will shorten the Obamacare enrollment period and give insurers more of what they say they need in the individual insurance market, likely making it harder for some consumers to purchase insurance, healthcare experts said.
It could also raise out-of-pocket medical expenses, the experts said, because it gives insurers more flexibility in determining the value of their coverage.
The rule, which takes effect later this year, comes as President Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress have renewed efforts to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, after an effort to pass a bill in the U.S. House of Representatives failed last month.
Issued by a division of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and first proposed in February, the rule aims to aid insurers, who have lost hundreds of millions of dollars in the individual insurance markets set up by Obamacare. Several major insurers, including Humana Inc and Aetna Inc, have announced plans to exit some state exchanges in 2018.
Insurers welcomed the rule but said there is still too much uncertainty in the market. On Wednesday, Trump told the Wall Street Journal that he may withhold Obamacare payments to insurers that amount to about $7 billion a year to force Democrats back to the negotiating table.
Marilyn Tavenner, president and chief executive of America's Health Insurance Plans, said in a statement that funding for the payments must continue uninterrupted. Otherwise, she said premiums will rise 20 percent across the market and more insurers would drop out of the exchanges.
The changes under Thursday's final rule include a shortened open enrollment period for Obamacare plans. They also make it harder for people to enroll outside that period, which is allowed under certain circumstances such as a pregnancy or a move.
The rule could also allow insurers to collect unpaid premium payments and make it tougher for people to move in and out of insurance plans, according to healthcare industry experts.
Insurers say "gaming the system" has created an unprofitable mix of healthy and sick customers.
The rule also gives states broader authority by removing the federal government's role in overseeing doctor and hospital networks included in insurance plans. Republicans have said any healthcare reform or overhaul must give states more flexibility.
The Affordable Care Act enabled 20 million Americans to gain insurance, mostly through the individual insurance markets set up by the law or through an expansion of Medicaid, the government health insurance program for the poor and disabled.
(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Tom Brown)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Swift library allows iOS developers to efficiently add gift or loyalty card features to their point of sale apps
Contact
Smart Transaction Systems
Sarah Miller
***@smarttransactions.com Smart Transaction SystemsSarah Miller
End
-- Smart Transaction Systems (STS), provider of innovative gift card & loyalty card solutions for merchants, has launched a new Swift library that dramatically reduces the amount of time that it takes for Apple developers to add gift and/or loyalty capabilities to their iOS apps."Many of the latest POS systems are designed to run on iPads and iPhones, giving merchants added convenience and cost savings. Our Swift library for iOS developers makes gift and loyalty card integration significantly easier, and faster, than ever before," said Sarah Miller, Director of Marketing at STS.Unlike a basic in-store gift card program, the STS gift card platform allows merchants to sell digital gift cards online and participate in LocalGiftCards.com, the top marketplace for gift cards to locally owned businesses. Partnering with STS allows developers to include the latest gift card technology with their app, both quickly and efficiently."We're excited about the opportunities this will create for iOS developers,"continued Miller. "We provide transaction processing, reporting and merchant support so that POS software companies can focus on growing their businesses."Interested developers can request test credentials and free technical support is provided throughout the development process.Developers can learn more and request test credentials by visiting http://www.smarttransactions.com/ developers About Smart Transaction SystemsFounded in 1998, Smart Transaction Systems is a leader in stored-value technology, providing innovative stored-value card technology to over 10,000 businesses of all sizes across the country. We help our clients create modern gift and loyalty card programs by incorporating e-commerce capabilities across digital and mobile platforms. Our core focus is providing businesses with a complete suite of relevant, reliable tools for increasing profitability through card-based technology.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Just Energy Group Inc., Executive Chair Rebecca MacDonald (C) and co-CEO Deborah Merril (2nd-L) ring the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Traders work inside a post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The company logo and trading information for Just Energy Group Inc. is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The company logo and trading information for BlackRock is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S. March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Wall Street gained on Thursday, led by financial shares, after data showed U.S. economic growth was stronger than previously reported last quarter, helped by robust consumer spending, and the tech-heavy Nasdaq set a record closing high.
The energy sector .SPNY rose for a third straight day, supported by stronger oil prices CLc1 and a 8.8-percent gain for ConocoPhillips (COP.N), the biggest percentage riser on the S&P 500 after it agreed to sell oil and gas assets.
The S&P 500 gained for a third straight day, rebounding after its worst week of the year last week.
U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost, the Commerce Department said. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent annualized rate instead of the previously-reported 1.9 percent pace.
A record-setting rally for stocks in the wake of President Donald Trump's November election stalled somewhat this month, with some investors pointing to risks to Trump's agenda, including tax reform, after his fellow Republicans failed to pass a healthcare bill.
The GDP report is "basically an affirmation that, hey, at the end of the day, Washington will do and say whatever they are going to do, but the economy is marching forward," said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York.
"It's not just the U.S. economy, but we do see definitely improvement throughout the world," Cavanaugh said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 69.17 points, or 0.33 percent, to 20,728.49, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 6.93 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,368.06 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 16.80 points, or 0.28 percent, to 5,914.34.
The Nasdaq closed at a record high after rising for a fifth straight session.
Financial shares .SPSY surged 1.2 percent, with Bank of America (BAC.N) and Citigroup (C.N) propping up the S&P 500.
The defensive utilities sector .SPLRCU was the worst-performing group, falling 0.7 percent.
Investors are also turning their attention to the impending first-quarter earnings season to justify lofty valuations for stocks. The S&P 500 is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
"We continue to see decent-to-improving economic data primarily in employment," said Tim Ghriskey, chief investment officer of Solaris Asset Management in New York. "We are likely to see a good quarter in terms of earnings, so I think there is some anticipation perhaps in the market here."
In corporate news, Lululemon Athletica (LULU.O) shares plunged 23.4 percent after the Canadian yoga and leisure apparel retailer said first-quarter comparable sales were expected to fall.
About 6 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.56-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.49-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 20 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 99 new highs and 19 new lows.
(Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Nick Zieminski)
A Chinese J-11 fighter jet is pictured on the airstrip at Woody Island in the South China Sea in this March 29, 2017 handout satellite photo. CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative/DigitalGlobe/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON A Chinese fighter plane has been spotted on a Chinese-held island in the South China Sea, the first such sighting in a year and the first since U.S. President Trump took office, a U.S. think tank reported on Thursday.
The Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative (AMTI), part of Washington's Center for Strategic and International Studies, said the J-11 fighter was visible in a satellite image taken on March 29 of Woody Island in the Paracel island chain.
News of the sighting came as Trump was in Florida for meetings with China's President Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday at which he is expected to air U.S. concerns about China's pursuit of territory and militarization of outposts in the South China Sea.
"This isn't a first, but it's the first time in a year," AMTI director Greg Poling said of the jet sighting.
Referring to the single fighter plane visible in the image, he said: "There are likely more in the hangars nearby."
Poling said it was unclear how long the plane had been there, but added that similar deployments on artificial islands China has built further south in the South China Sea's Spratly archipelago could be expected now that military facilities had been completed there.
The United States has said in the past that rotational
deployments of Chinese fighter jets to Woody Island were part of a disturbing trend of militarization that raised questions about Beijing's intentions in the South China Sea, which is an important trade route.
The Chinese embassy did not respond to a request for comment. China has previously rejected U.S. charges that it is militarising the South China Sea, and in March, Premier Li Keqiang said defence equipment had been placed on islands in the disputed waterway to maintain "freedom of navigation."
A U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the presence of a fighter aircraft on Woody Island was not something unexpected.
"It is already heavily militarised; no surprise we would be seeing military aircraft there,” the official said.
Earlier on Thursday, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said he had ordered troops to occupy uninhabited islands and shoals it claims in the South China Sea, something likely to anger China, which claims most of the strategic waterway.
(Reporting by David Brunnstrom; Additional reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and James Dalgleish)
New Delhi [India], February 3 (ANI): All metropolitan cities across the country have their streets thronged with commuters. While peak-hour traffic continues to eat our precious time, researchers have concluded that people are most likely to stop using public transportation when they experience inconvenience in the form of delays, long wait, incorrect information on schedules and highly crowded transport.
Here are a few apps to solve your public transit woes:
Ridlr
Ridlr acts as a single ticketing app. The platform provides information on accurate departure times with real-time transit schedules and traffic congestion status, helping travellers to estimate their travel time. It also assists one to plan their trip using single or multiple modes of transport. The information service is available across 25 cities in India.
rBus
rBus is a bus aggregator, making commutation easy for every day travellers. They have buses running on 12 different routes in Mumbai, from which commuters can pick a route and timing for their travel.
Ola
Ola is cab aggregator which enables one to book a cab and use its services without any physical exertion. It offers various services like Ola Share, Ola Micro, Ola Mini, Ola Prime, Ola Auto, Ola Rentals, Ola Outstations, Ola Lux, and Ola Pedal.
TapRoute
TapRoute allows people in Bengaluru to not only book their ride to the nearest Metro station but also provides them with last-mile connectivity.
BlaBlaCar
BlaBlaCar is a ride-sharing community which is designed for long distances and geared toward motorists looking to fill the empty seat behind them. It connects drivers and passengers willing to travel together between cities and share the cost of their journey. (ANI)
ANKARA, March 30 U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrived in Turkey on Thursday for talks with a NATO ally crucial to the fight against Islamic State but increasingly at odds with Washington and its European partners.
Tillerson will meet President Tayyip Erdoğan to discuss the U.S.-led fight against Islamic State, including the planned offensive against its Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, where Turkey has been angered by U.S. support for Kurdish militia fighters.
Erdoğan has been incensed by Washington's readiness to work with the Kurdish YPG militia in the fight against Islamic State. Ankara sees the YPG as an extension of PKK militants who have fought a three-decade insurgency inside Turkey and are seen as a terrorist group by the United States and European Union.
U.S.-Turkish relations have also been strained by the continued presence in the United States of Turkish cleric Fethullah Gulen, blamed by Erdoğan for a failed coup last July and whom Ankara wants extradited.
Tillerson's visit comes less than three weeks ahead of a referendum at which Erdoğan is seeking constitutional change to boost his powers, a move which his opponents and some European allies fear will bring increasing authoritarianism.
Senior U.S. officials have said he will not meet members of the Turkish opposition during the visit, a sign that he will seek to avoid discussion of Turkey's domestic issues while trying to keep the focus on the fight against Islamic State.
But his trip has been further clouded by the arrest in New York on Monday of an executive of Turkey's state-run Halkbank , who is accused of conspiring in a multi-year scheme to evade U.S. sanctions on Iran.
Shortly after Tillerson's arrival in Ankara, Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag told broadcaster A Haber that the arrest was a "completely political move" designed to tarnish Turkey and Erdoğan, and questioned the evidence in the case.
Tillerson is expected to say the arrest of Halkbank deputy General Manager Mehmet Hakan Atilla is a matter for the U.S. justice authorities and not political. He is hoping his visit can focus instead on the campaign to retake Raqqa.
U.S. officials say Tillerson, who has said the number one priority in Syria for President Donald Trump's administration is defeating Islamic State, will emphasize the importance of Kurdish YPG forces in the Raqqa offensive.
(Editing by Nick Tattersall and Ralph Boulton)
May 3 Innocoll Holdings Plc-
* Innocoll Holdings - on May 2, 2017, co entered confidential separation agreement,general release with jose carmona, current chief financial officer
* Innocoll Holdings Plc - separation agreement provides for voluntary termination of employment relationship between company and carmona - sec filing
* Innocoll Holdings Plc - on May 1, 2017, jose carmona notified company that he will resign from his position as chief financial officer of company
* Innocoll Holdings Plc - on May 1, 2017, company appointed pat hutchison as interim chief financial officer of company, effective immediately Source text: (bit.ly/2pvX6XW) Further company coverage:
UPDATE 9-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
The International Triathlon Union has mixed up the Brownlee brothers by sending a letter of congratulations to Jonny following Alistair's win in Leeds at the weekend.
The youngest of the Brownlee brothers shared the letter on social media, simply writing "#awkward".
The letter, signed by ITU president Marisol Casado, is clearly addressed to 'Jonathan Brownlee' and says it is to "congratulate you on your recent victory at Columbia Threadneedle World Triathlon in Leeds".
But it was elder brother Alistair who led the Dewsbury-born brothers home in a one-two finish, a repeat of the inaugural staging of the race a year earlier.
Alistair, 29, finished in a time of one hour, 46 minutes and 51 seconds, 12 seconds ahead of the 27-year-old Jonny, with the pair more than a minute clear of the rest of the field.
Alistair has a long history of getting the better of his younger brother in competition, and took gold to Jonny's silver in last year's Olympics in Rio.
* Dollar at 6-week high vs yen * Investors await U.S. Fed statement Wednesday * Silver at 3-month low, reaches technically oversold levels (Updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Peter Hobson NEW YORK/LONDON, May 2 Gold prices fell to a three-week low on Tuesday, as demand for riskier assets drove stocks higher and the dollar hit a six-week peak against the yen. "Risk appetite is back," said Société Générale analyst Robin Bhar. Rising share prices increase the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, while a stronger dollar makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies. Spot gold was down 0.1 percent at $1,255.43 an ounce by 2:28 p.m. EDT (1828 GMT), having earlier hit $1,251.37, the lowest since April 10 and around the 200-day moving average. U.S. gold futures settled up 0.1 percent. "The moving averages tell us objectively that the long-term trend is no longer bearish. However, gold is yet to break down its long-term bearish trend line, which again held in early April," said Fawad Razaqzada, technical analyst with Forex.com. "As a result, we have seen a sharp unwinding of the long positions that had been accumulated since December 2016 and again in March." Gold fell 0.9 percent on Monday after U.S. lawmakers agreed on a spending package to avert a U.S. government shutdown and the Nasdaq share index reached a record high. Meanwhile, the market's so-called fear gauge, the VIX volatility index , fell to its lowest since 2007 on Monday. On Tuesday, world stock markets inched higher as investors awaited the outcome of a two-day U.S. Federal Reserve policy meeting to be announced at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Wednesday. "If the Fed signals further rate increases and shrinking of the balance sheet tomorrow and then we get a good jobs number on Friday we should certainly end the week below $1,250, and maybe closer to $1,240," said Société Générale's Bhar. Higher interest rates would cause U.S. bond yields to rise, making non-yielding gold less attractive. In other precious metals, silver was down 0.4 percent at $16.78 an ounce, after touching $16.75, its lowest since Jan. 27. It has fallen for 11 out of the past 12 sessions, putting the spot price on track for the most technically oversold level on a 14-day relative strength index since November 2015. Platinum was 0.03 percent lower at $924.70, after falling to a four-month low at $919. Palladium was down 0.2 percent at $813.25. The metal used in the automotive industry for emission-controlling catalytic converters is near a two-year high, but car sales are too weak to sustain it, said Julius Baer analyst Carsten Menke. (Additional reporting by Swati Verma in Bengaluru; Editing by Marguerita Choy and Edmund Blair)
Water container and pans lie on the ground of a house next to frontline positions of Iraqi Federal Police fighting the Islamic State in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
A girl laughs in a street next to frontline positions of Iraqi Federal Police fighting the Islamic State in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. Picture taken April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
Abdelraziq Abdelkarim sits on a wheelchair as he enjoys the afternoon next to frontline positions of Iraqi Federal Police fighting the Islamic State in Mosul, Iraq, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Andres Martinez Casares
MOSUL, Iraq Sitting in a wheelchair and wearing sunglasses, pensioner Abdelraziq Abdelkarim enjoys the afternoon sun outside his house in Mosul after a day of rain. He does not flinch when a mortar opens fire just around the corner.
His home is on the busiest frontline in the northern Iraqi city just 200 m (yards) from Islamic State positions. Outside his house, Federal Police units are firing at the militants.
Government forces have been evacuating civilians as they fight to seize Mosul, once the hardline Sunni militant group's main urban stronghold in Iraq and now the scene of a six-month-old battle.
But some families refuse to go, shrugging off the danger of a mortar fired two blocks away or a counter-attack from the militants who move around at night. Gunfire rings out constantly between Federal Police and militants holed up in abandoned shops and apartments.
"I don't want to go. I've lived all my life in this house," said 72-year Abdelkarim, a former studio photographer, sitting next to his handicapped son and a grandchild.
They share a two-storey house in a narrow street with five people from two other families. Military Humvees and mortar launchers are just parked outside.
Almost 300,000 people have fled Mosul since the government offensive to recapture the city began in October, according to the United Nations.
But Abdelkarim and his friends dread going to one of the crowded camps where aid agencies sometimes place two families in one tent for lack of space. Others stay with relatives in cramped homes.
They had stocked up food, water and petrol for a power generator when the military campaign began. There is no food store at the frontline but soldiers sometimes share rations or a family member goes to one of the food distribution centres set up by the military, they say.
"We are maybe three or four families left. The rest are gone," said Abdullah Ahmed, a 42-year old engineer staying with Abdelkarim. "Right across outdoor 50 people stayed in one house but they've fled."
DEATH AROUND CORNER
Their short alley shows the military's challenges in dislodging Islamic State fighters hiding in the Old City -- navigating is difficult in the labyrinth of narrow, often covered alleys offering perfect hideouts for snipers or to stage ambushes.
U.S. officials estimated about 2,000 fighters were still in Mosul in February at the start of the second phase of the campaign, to dislodge them from western sector.
Iraqi forces have been edging closer to al-Nuri Mosque -- some 300 meters away -- where Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi proclaimed a caliphate nearly three years ago across territory controlled by the group in both Iraq and Syria.
But the front has hardly moved in past two weeks as Humvees or tanks are of no use in the Old City.
"See our street is about one-and-half meters wide," said Ahmed, whose TV satellite shop was closed by Islamic State as watching TV channels was banned under its austere version of Sunni Islam.
"Near the mosque the streets only half as wide as this. There are some 40 to 50 small houses clustered around it," he said, pointing in the direction of the mosque. "It's very difficult to move there."
When Federal Police opened fire with a machine gun perched on the top floor of a house through a hole broken into a wall, Islamic State fired back within two minutes with accuracy.
"There are snipers here," a federal policeman said.
There is another reason why the friends want to avoid going to camps. IS fighters seized the husband of one of their sisters two before the government forces arrived.
"I fear they killed him because he was a policeman," said his 30-year-old wife Dhikrayat Muwafiq, weeping in the kitchen where she was preparing rice and beans.
"I don't want to go until we know where he is. I need to stay," she said.
(Editing by Angus MacSwan)
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
A COMMUNITY day has been arranged to spread awareness of a disability benefit campaign.
The free event, which will be held at Set The Bar next to Wrexham Bus Station, will take place from 1pm to 11pm tomorrow in aid of the Save The Welsh Independent Living Campaign (SWILG).
There will be a number of performances throughout the day including Wrexham One World Community Choir, Luke Gallagher, Jamie Hamilton and more.
Disability campaigner Nathan Lee Davies is encouraging residents to turn out and support the event, which is expected to draw visitors from all over North Wales.
He said: “SWILG is an absolutely vital movement and a campaign that must be won.
“I implore people to come along to our completely free community day and I would encourage everyone to get involved with us on this SWILG campaign.
“We currently have a fantastic exhibition on in Theatre Clwyd, Mold, which we are proud to have put together.
“People such as the film-maker Ken Loach, to performers like Attila The Stockbroker, to some English and Welsh MPs and AMs, to Welsh Labour Grassroots/
Momentum to the local Labour parties in Clwyd South and Wrexham have given their full, official support.
“I cannot tell you how much that means to me and thousands like me.
“As I say, this is a campaign we simply cannot afford to lose.”
The Welsh Government became responsible for supporting those who had been receiving Independent Living Fund payments after the UK government closed the scheme in June 2015.
According to the charity Disability Rights UK, Welsh Independent Living Grant funding will continue during 2017-2018, but local councils will meet with the people receiving them to discuss the replacement support they need – by March 31, 2019, all recipients will receive their support from local councils.
To find out more about the campaign, search for @SaveWILG on Facebook.
For more information about the community day, search for the event 'Save the Welsh Independent Living Grant (SWILG) Community Day' on Facebook.
AMSTERDAM, March 31 The European Union judicial agency Eurojust said on Friday it had helped coordinate cross-border investigations in a major tax evasion investigation involving millions of euros and spanning several European countries and Australia.
Earlier on Friday, Dutch prosecutors said they had launched the investigation after receiving a tip about 50,000 suspect Swiss bank accounts. Credit Suisse said local authorities had been to their offices as part of an investigation.
Eurojust said the investigation began in 2016 and it had held three meeting with Dutch, British, French, German and Australian authorities.
"The independent investigations gathered evidence and analysed a huge amount of data," the agency said. "The undeclared assets hidden within offshore accounts and policies are estimated in the millions of euros." (Reporting by Toby Sterling; editing by Ralph Boulton)
FILE PHOTO: A shopkeeper counts out change above her cash box at her shop in Hillcrest, west of Durban, South Africa, January 11, 2016. REUTERS/Rogan Ward/File Photo
TOKYO Japanese retail investors have become a significant force in the trading of the South African rand, which has been roiled by a political crisis in recent weeks.
According to the Tokyo Financial Exchange (TFX), a major Japanese trading exchange provider for retail margin trading, the rand came second in both February and March when measured by numbers of traded lots. The Turkish lira was third in February, though slipped back to fifth in March.
The rand has edged out more liquid and more stable currencies like the Australian dollar and the pound. As recently as July 2016, the rand was only the fifth-most traded on TFX.
Market strategists say the higher yields and greater volatility of the two currencies had attracted the interest of a small army of Japanese individual traders who can at times be an influential factor in parts of the foreign exchange market. They are particularly important during early Asian hours when there is little liquidity in the market in such currencies.
TFX roughly holds about a fifth of the 1.7 trillion yen (12.32 billion pounds) of "margin deposits" in the Japanese retail currency market, which are sums of money individual investors put down with their brokers in order to trade.
On March 30, South Africa's President Jacob Zuma fired finance minister Pravin Gordhan after days of speculation that had rocked the country's currency and other financial markets.
It is unclear whether most of the Japanese retail traders lost money or whether by taking short positions a significant proportion may have come out ahead as the rand plunged.
According to data from the Financial Futures Association of Japan, at the end of February long positions in the rand-yen trade held by retail currency traders were more than four times the short positions at 138 billion yen against 29 billion yen. The figures for March, though, won't be available until the middle of April.
"MRS WATANABES"
Gordhan's dismissal has unsettled financial markets, as he had a reputation among investors as a source of policymaking stability. His firing also prompted Standard & Poor's to cut South Africa's credit rating to junk on Monday.
The South African currency has dropped 3.5 percent against the yen so far in April, at one stage reaching a low of 7.9 yen per rand.
Monthly rand/yen chart: reut.rs/2nVxYZz
"Any bargain hunting by Japanese retail buyers are likely to be overwhelmed in the global markets, where sentiment is firmly negative towards the rand given its rating issues and political strife," said Masashi Murata, a senior currency strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo. The attraction has partly been South Africa's benchmark repo rate of 7 percent and Turkey's benchmark, the one-week repo rate, of 8 percent. The Bank of Japan's uncollateralised overnight call rate has been stuck near zero percent for much of the past decade.
The retail investors in foreign exchange usually trade on margin and are often dubbed "Mrs Watanabes" – a name like "Smith" in Japan and a term that became popular more than 10 years ago, relying on the image of a typical Japanese housewife trading currencies at home. Some online foreign exchange brokers, though, suggest it might sometimes be more accurate to use the term "Mr Watanabe" as many of their clients are male.
The Turkish lira plumbed a record low of around 29 yen per lira in January and its recent bounce from the trough has lost steam, with longer-term charts showing the currency still firmly in the grip of a downtrend. That is because of political uncertainty as President Tayyip Erdoğan consolidates his power and the risks stemming from the war in neighbouring Syria, as well as Turkey's large current account deficit.
Monthly lira/yen chart: reut.rs/2nVvkDe
"Demand for the rand and lira stems mainly from individual investors who want to earn 'swap points,' more than from day traders. The yields these currencies offer are very high compared to domestic stock dividends and bank savings rates, and that is a huge draw for users of our exchange," said Hironori Ofusa, director of the margin contracts marketing department at TFX.
(Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Martin Howell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI May 2 Saudi Arabia's powerful deputy crown prince has ruled out any dialogue with Iran, a country he said was busy plotting to control the Muslim world.
Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the Saudi defence minister, said in a TV interview to be broadcast later on Tuesday his country could crush Iran-aligned fighters in Yemen where Saudi forces head a coalition of Gulf Arab states intervening in a civil war.
Sunni Muslim Saudi Arabia and Shi'ite Iran compete for influence in the Middle East, supporting rival groups in Syria's civil war. In Yemen, Iran denies providing financial or military support to the Houthis who are fighting government forces allied with Saudi Arabia.
Asked if Saudi Arabia was ready to open a direct dialogue with Tehran, Mohammed said it was impossible to talk with a power that was planning for the return of the Imam Mahdi - whom Shi'ites believe was a descendent of the Prophet who went into hiding 1,000 years ago and will return to establish global Islamic rule before the end of the world.
"How do you have a dialogue with this (Iran)?" Mohammed said in clips of the interview posted on social media.
"Its (Iran's) logic is that the Imam Mahdi will come and they must prepare the fertile environment for the arrival of the awaited Mahdi and they must control the Muslim world."
Under Iran's constitution since the 1979 revolution, the country's supreme leader is the earthly representative of the Imam until his return.
Asked to respond to reports that after two years of war and Saudi's military intervention the Houthis, aligned to ex-Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh, still control large swathes of Yemen and large quantities of weapons, Prince Mohammed said:
"We can uproot the Houthis and Saleh in a matter of days."
In the clips available in advance of the broadcast he did not elaborate on the Saudi strategy for Yemen.
(Reporting by Sami Aboudi; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
(Adds details on record drop)
BRASILIA, March 29 Services activity in Brazil fell in January at the fastest pace on record, government data showed on Wednesday, dampening expectations of an imminent end to the country's deep recession.
Services activity shrank 2.2 percent from December after seasonal adjustments, down from an increase of 0.7 percent in the previous month. Forecasts were for a 0.5 percent drop in a Reuters poll of economists.
Services activity, which accounts for about 60 percent of Brazil's economy, declined 7.3 percent in January from the same month last year, statistics agency IBGE said.
The sharp drop in services such as hotels, transportation and media contrasted with promising signs from manufacturers and farmers, which had fueled hopes of an economic recovery soon. Industrial output grew in January on an annual basis for the first time in nearly 3 years.
Economists and the government expect Brazil's economy to grow about 0.5 percent this year after two years of sharp contraction. The recession has sent unemployment to record highs and cost Brazil its investment-grade debt rating. (Reporting by Silvio Cascione and Bruno Federowski; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
(Recasts with Barça report)
VILA-REAL, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Luis Suarez and Lionel Messi fired Barcelona to a 2-0 victory over 10-man Villarreal as the leaders won for the first time in three La Liga games to stay five points clear on Sunday while Atletico Madrid edged Real Betis 1-0.
Barça looked set for a third consecutive league draw as they created scant opportunities but were presented with the advantage of an extra man when Villarreal midfielder Daniel Raba was given a straight red card for a wild, studs-up challenge on Sergio Busquets on the hour mark.
Barça did not take long to cash in and Suarez broke the deadlock in the 72nd minute, rounding goalkeeper Sergio Asenjo to complete a move of quick passes by Lionel Messi, Jordi Alba and substitute Paco Alcacer.
The visitors then stretched their lead nine minutes later with the help of a haphazard backpass from Victor Ruiz to Busquets, who played in Messi for his 14th league goal this campaign and round off the victory.
Barça leads the standings on 39 points, five clear of second-placed Valencia and six ahead of Atletico in third, while champions Real Madrid are fourth on 31.
Earlier on Sunday a scrappy goal by Saul Niguez racked up a third straight victory in La Liga for Atletico, who scrapped their way to an unconvincing win at Betis.
The Spanish midfielder slid in at the back post to meet a low cross from Sime Vrsaljko to score the only goal of the game in the 30th minute, netting for the second game in a row.
Atletico were without talismanic forward Antoine Griezmann and only had two shots on target and 26 percent possession.
Diego Simeone's side survived a huge penalty appeal for a shove by Angel Correa on forward Cristian Tello shortly before Saul's goal while Atletico goalkeeper Jan Oblak pulled off an impressive save from former Barça forward Tello in the home side's best attempt of the second half. (Reporting by Richard Martin, editing by Neil Robinson)
CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuelan intelligence agents detained before dawn on Friday an 85-year-old activist who is the sole survivor of a clandestine group that fought against a 1950s military dictatorship, according to his family and Twitter feed.
Lawyer Enrique Aristeguieta is an outspoken opposition campaigner who regularly compares the 1952-1958 dictatorship of Marcos Perez to the current “narco-tyranny” of socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
His family and political party Justice First said he was taken from his home in Caracas in the early hours.
“(Intelligence agents) are in my house looking for me,” Aristeguieta tweeted just before 4 a.m., without giving further details.
Maria Alejandra Aristeguieta, his daughter, said in a statement they had no idea of his whereabouts.
“We demand the immediate liberation of Enrique Aristeguieta,” she wrote.
Venezuelan authorities did not respond to a request for comment.
Local rights group Penal Forum said Aristeguieta was one of 14 activists rounded up over the past week, among about 200 in total who are being detained by the Maduro government.
Critics say the ruling Socialist Party persecutes dissenters, while officials insist they are acting legitimately against people plotting against the government with U.S. support.
End
-- OneTraction, a Silicon Valley-based Accelerator announced the selection of finalists for their Mobile-Tech Global Hackathon, hosted virtually and Onsite at Google Developers Launchpad San Francisco which was attended by nearly 1000 global participants, prominent investors, press and guest observer including panelist from GE, IBM and Stanford Graduate School of Business. The top winners are:1) –Arturo San Vicente, is working on HyperSight to launch virtual Auto Dealer Showroom leveraging (SaaS / Augmented Reality / Artificial Intelligence)technology. Creating an immersive new car buyer experiences by enabling 360 degree visualization, demo interaction and ability to configure the car of their dreams, while the dealer capture insightful data about customer's preferences and emotions using IBM Watson's engine. The team are based in Los Angeles area led by Arturo who is a recent graduate from University of California with an MBA, worked previously in various industries and earned several past awards, including "Best Intellectual Property solution at ANTrepeneur Awards". Read more about the founder at Linkedin.com /in/asanvicente.2) –Jonathan Kim is building a solution to help boot camp grads manage their heap of applications in the job search and allow boot camp the ability to manage the massive pains of collecting and analyzing their boot camp grads' outcome data and metrics. The team are based in SF Bay Area led by Jonathan who is a recent graduate from Reed College with wcj a BA in Psychology, worked previously in various role within the education space and earned several past awards, including "Most Likely to Go Viral" at Amazon's Lightsail Hackathon. Read more about the founder at Linkedin.com /in/jykim16.3) –: Alex Guevarais building a mobile app for homecare businesses that allows the families of clients to see live status updates from caregivers. The team are based in greater New York City Area led by Alex who is a recent graduate from Oberlin College, worked previously in various role within the tech space and earned several past awards, including "2017 Capgemini Millennial Disrupt Hackathon" 2nd Place (Work/Life Balance). Read more about the founder at Linkedin.com in/alex-guevara-2624499b.OneTraction's On-Demand Innovation disruptive approach focus on guided execution where founders contribute incrementally on a weekly basis in building their business "not just funding" by taking startups through the stages of building a product with validated market fit, gaining traction, and obtaining angel round financing. They offer their program both virtually and through partner's office space in Silicon Valley, located few minutes from Stanford University campus and Sand Hill Road Top Venture Capitalists. Their unique approach extends to startups not just on-site but globally. Active startups are located across the United States, Canada, Europe, Latin America, Africa, Asia and MENA.: OneTraction' in-house team is comprised of startup experts with multiple successful exits. They hail from top schools including Harvard, Stanford and MIT, along their mentor network of nearly 300 experts from across the United States, Canada, EU and Asia which is the largest Ivy school educated mentors network offered by any accelerator in Silicon Valley and raised or invested over a combined $1 Billion dollars. OneTraction was the first in Silicon Valley to disrupt the accelerator model by adapting dual program delivery as Onsite and Virtual (recently followed by leading accelerators including Y. Combinator), along access to the largest global batch of startups with disruptive technology highly sought by Global Fortune 500 investors.please use the contact us link from our home page: https://www.onetraction.vc
(Adds financial and production details, CEO comments, company background)
By Fabian Cambero
SANTIAGO, March 31 Chile's state copper company Codelco posted a drop in annual copper production on Friday as ore grades declined at its key deposits, but cost cuts helped it swing to a profit for 2016.
Codelco, one of the world's largest copper miners, said it produced 1.83 million tonnes of copper in 2016, of which 1.71 million tonnes came from its wholly owned mines. The company expects a similar level of output this year, Chief Executive Nelson Pizarro said at a news conference following the results.
That 1.71 million-tonne figure is down around 1.4 percent from 2015, as the miner digs deeper and scrabbles through poorer quality ore to keep output flowing.
But costs were lower, with reported production costs per pound of copper at $1.26 in 2016 from $1.39 in 2015.
That, and a bumper fourth quarter, helped Codelco report a pretax profit for the year of $435 million, a significant rise from the previous year's historic loss of $2.19 billion.
That was good news for the Chilean government, said Pizarro. Codelco was nationalized in the 1970s and returns all its profits to the state, providing an important source of income to Chile.
"We have done what was required of us, and have not got in further debt ... despite the fall in ore grades and negative price factors until October," said Pizarro.
But while positive, the results "did not change the challenging structural scenario" ahead, he said.
Falling prices for copper in recent years have eaten into Codelco's earnings and forced it to delay some much-needed investment in ambitious projects.
For 2017, Pizarro said Codelco expected to invest some $2.8 billion, adding the company plans to go ahead with a massive desalination plant in the northern desert mining region of Antofagasta.
The project has received interest from a variety of major international actors, he said.
(Writing by Gram Slattery and Rosalba O'Brien; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Matthew Lewis)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands are turning to Kodi for their streaming purposes - be it live sport, TV or movies.
The streaming craze shows no sign of slowing down - and, if you're looking to get the best possible experience, we're here to help.
Kodi was was originally created for the Microsoft Xbox and Xbox Media Center (XBMC).
But the software has continued to evolve, spawning a community of its own.
Unlike services like Chromecast or Plex, Kodi is managed by the non-profit XBMC Foundation.
And it's constantly being modified and upgraded by hundreds of coders around the world.
How to install Kodi on an Android tablet or smartphone
Kodi essentially turns any computer, smartphone or tablet into a digital set-top box or streamer, giving users the ability to stream files from the internet.
And, you'll be pleased to know, installing it couldn't be simpler.
Kodi is available on the Google Play Store, after all.
This means all you need to do is load up your device - or computer - and head to the Google Play Store.
It's worth remembering you can use either the Google Play Store app on your Android device, or alternatively, via your desktop.
To use the latter, click here.
Simply click "install" and sit back, relax and wait for the finish.
Once the download has completed, use Kodi as you would normally do.
How to get Kodi on an Amazon Fire Stick
Uploading Kodi to your Fire TV Stick will give you a lot of extra content, as well as the ability to run interesting addons – and it only takes a few minutes to set up. To start the process, users must first navigate to Settings > System > Developer Options. To use Kodi, you'll need to make sure "Apps from Unknown Sources" is turned ON. This will let you run apps from outside Amazon's app ecosystem, including Kodi. Next, you'll need a file-management program, or a way of manipulating files on your Fire TV Stick. ES File Explorer is among the most popular. As well as being a great way to manage local files, ES File Explorer also makes it possible to easily download third-party content. Navigate to the left of the program to “Add” and you'll be presented with a box to fill in. In the textbox marked "Path", you need to enter the following download address for Kodi: http://kodi.tv/download . Then add the link to your favourites. You need to click on the ARM link once – it's a bit fiddly to find, but play around with the cursor and you'll get there with a bit of patience. Once you've clicked on the ARM link nothing will happen – but don't panic, this is totally normal. You just need to navigate your way to the three dots in the bottom-right-hand corner, click on them and select "Open in new Browser". This may take some time to do. Once Kodi has downloaded, selected Open File > Install. A dialogue box will appear, asking for permission to install. Go ahead and agree to them, and then select Install again. You can now stream films, movies and TV shows on your Amazon Fire TV Stick.
How to install Kodi on an Xbox One
Once you have Kodi installed, simply connect your Fire Stick to the HDMI input of your Xbox One.
The TV option on the Xbox One should now bring up the Fire Stick interface and you can navigate to the Kodi application to use it.
Do this by clicking Settings > Applications > Manage Installed Applications > Kodi.
Once you're on the Kodi homescreen, use it as you normally would.
The best legal add-ons
Kodi isn't held back by licensing or a curated app store, so it lets you download a range of community-made apps, and watch whatever you like.
Most of the add-ons listed below are available directly from the Kodi Add-on Repository.
And, once there, you'll also find guides on how to install them.
Plex
Plex lets you play your library of content from your PC at home.
Put simply, Plex acts as a media server compiling your video, music and photos into a user-friendly interface.
It also provides extra information, like cast and crew details, release date, blurb and reviews.
Plex basically turns your PC files into an attractive easy-to-use service like Netflix.
SoundCloud
If you fancy streaming music, then be sure to opt for Soundcloud,
The popular service boasts an array of musicians - from chart-toppers to ground-breaking pioneers, as well as emerging artists from across the world.
The app is free, or you can pay £9.99 a month to listen without ads.
As well as music you can listen to podcasts on SoundCloud, too.
iPlayer
Kodi can give you many recognisable add-ons - and these come no more popular than iPlayer.
BBC iPlayer gives you access to TV and radio broadcasts from the BBC, usually just a few hours after they are broadcast.
The app is free to download, but you do need a TV license.
You can use the service to catch up on everything from Match of the Day to Sherlock.
Filmon TV
Filmon TV gives you access to a wide range of different UK-based channels.
The add-on also boasts an array of on-demand movies, shows and sporting events.
In the premium version, you get even more options.
But the standard add-on is incredibly popular, too, with plenty to watch - including live broadcasts.
YouTube
(Photo: Daniel Law/PA Wire)
The other obvious big app that should be on everybody's list is YouTube.
Surf the most popular video-sharing website on Earth with consummate ease.
Catch up on anything you want - from the official Premier League and WWE channels, to your favourite BBC, ITV or Channel 4 clips.
Add-ons to avoid
The doubts about Kodi's legality basically comes down to piracy.
So, if an add-on is letting you access movies which aren't even out on DVD yet, you may want to avoid it.
Likewise, if they are showing films which are currently out at the cinema - like La La Land right now - you could potentially be accessing pirated content.
The same applies to TV, of course.
If you see an add-on that lets you watch shows from HBO, Sky or Netflix Originals without subscribing to those service then it is most likely to be illegal.
Best pre-installed boxes
Sometimes referred to as simply "Kodi boxes," these devices range in terms of quality.
But one thing they have in common is that they're extremely affordable - and require little setup.
Q-Box Amlogic S905 Smart TV Box
The Preyda Q-Box uses Android 5.1 OS to give you access to a world of apps.
It even comes with Kodi pre-installed - though you'll probably need to do some tweaking to get everything up to date with the latest versions.
YouTube, iPlayer, 4OD, Skype, Google and an almost endless list can be easily accessed on your TV.
With 2GB RAM and 16GB Internal storage, the Preyda Q-Box is the first to change the game for high performance Android devices on your HD television.
MX3 Advance Android TV Box
The MX3 Advance also comes with Kodi installed and preloaded with a bunch of popular add-ons.
There's 16GB of internal storage along with an SD card slot so you can load up your personal media, and there's also two USB ports on the back.
DROIBOX Nano 4K
Costing just £35, this is a powerful quad core Android TV Box 6.0 Mashmellow With Kodi already built-in.
You can get access to millions of apps and channels.
Users can take advantage of the new Amlogic S905X chipset, 2.0Ghz x4 64-bit processor along with 1GB DDR3 memory and 8GB SSD storage.
The device supports 4K Ultra HD, 3D film, DLNA/UPNP play, or you can play media from storage device like memory card, USB drive.
Built-in KODI (XBMC), support full HD hardware acceleration, fully loaded supports free streaming from internet.
Full one year UK warranty and free online Kodi addons.
How to add subtitles
From the Kodi homescreen, select the following in the order below:
System Settings Video Subtitles (left panel) Scroll Down (right panel) Default TV show service Get more OpenSubtitles.org
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
April 3 Michigan's finances could be pressured from additional costs related to the years-long lead-tainted water crisis in Flint even after a recent court-approved settlement, S&P Global Ratings said on Monday.
A U.S. Court judge approved a deal on March 28 requiring the state to pay $87 million to identify and replace service lines in Flint containing lead or galvanized steel by 2020. An additional $10 million will be held in reserve.
Flint was under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager when it switched its water source to the Flint River from Lake Huron in April 2014. The more corrosive river water caused lead to leach from pipes. Lead poisoning stunts children's cognitive development, and no level of exposure is considered safe.
The water crisis prompted dozens of lawsuits and criminal charges against former government officials. The episode also raised questions of social justice in Flint, whose population is predominantly African-American.
S&P, which rates Michigan AA-minus with a stable outlook, said while the settlement costs are minimal compared with the state's $56.3 billion budget, "additional unintended costs" lurk in the future.
"While related costs seem manageable for now, the agreement signifies that the state may be required to continue to support costs, the magnitude of which remains uncertain in the long term," the credit rating agency said in a report, adding that "the economic and social costs, on top of the financial responsibility, will unfold over a long time."
Additional costs related to the crisis could impede Michigan's ability to boost its budget reserves, which stood at an "adequate" level of about $1.2 billion at the end of fiscal 2016, S&P said.
"Should the economy begin to contract as financial challenges related to the Flint water crisis and other assistance to local governments grow, we could see the reserves remaining stagnant or depleting over the long term, creating credit pressures for the state," the report added.
Anna Heaton, a spokeswoman for Governor Rick Snyder, said all the money to cover the settlement has been identified from state and federal sources and there will be no future costs associated with the deal.
Flint switched back to the previous water system in October 2015. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency last June declared filtered water safe to drink in Flint.
The settlement resulted from a lawsuit filed last year by the Natural Resources Defense Council and other groups against state and city officials.
(Reporting by Karen Pierog in Chicago; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
There is still no justice for murdered Sussex teenager Billie-Jo Jenkins and her family after her death 20 years ago today (Wednesday, February 15).
The 13-year-old girl was battered to death by an iron tent peg on February 15, 1997, as she painted a patio door in the garden of her Hastings home.
Billie-Jo Jenkins' memorial bench in Alexandra Park. SUS-160216-100303001
Two decades later her killer remains unknown – Billie-Jo's foster father Sion was cleared of murdering the Helenswood schoolgirl after spending six years in jail.
A post on the website, Justice for Sion Jenkins, called for police to reopen the case and ‘show the moral courage to own its past'.
“The story of Billie-Jo Jenkins cannot have a happy ending, but it should have a truthful one,” the post says.
“There are individuals with vested interests who may hope that after twenty years no-one will still be asking, ‘who killed Billie-Jo?'
“There are still many people in all parts of the country whose concern has never wavered.
“For that reason the insistent voice of reason still asks that question. Someone knows the answer and it's time to tell the truth.”
Mr Jenkins was arrested nine days after the schoolgirl's death and was found guilty at Lewes Crown Court on July 2, 1998. He was freed on appeal pending a retrial in 2004.
The jury in two subsequent retrials failed to reach a verdict and Mr Jenkins was formally acquitted in 2006.
In August, 2010, Mr Jenkins lost his bid for compensation over the six years he spent in prison.
The Observer contacted Sussex Police to ask if a renewed appeal for information would be issued to mark the anniversary of Billie-Jo's killing.
A police spokesman replied: “Yes as previously stated, this case is unresolved, and any new information that might lead to new lines of enquiry would be assessed, and investigated wherever necessary.
“However there has been no new information since the end of the second trial ten years ago and there is no current work on the case.
“There has been no further review of the case since the second trial and we have no plans for any activity to mark the 20th anniversary.”
In January, 2008, a memorial bench for the teenager was unveiled in Alexandra Park.
Billie-Jo's friends raised money for the bench which was designed by local artist Joc O'Hare.
The ‘child-friendly' bench was made from locally felled English oak and engraved with a message to Billie-Jo from her friends.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
* S&P, Dow on pace for best 1st qtr since 2013
* Utilities lead S&P sectors; energy lags
* Dow down 0.13 pct, S&P up 0.03 pct, Nasdaq up 0.17 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 31 Gains in Amazon kept the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq in the positive territory on Friday, while a drop in Exxon weighed on the Dow as investors assessed their positions at the end of a strong quarter.
U.S. stocks have hit a series of record highs following the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would introduce tax cuts and boost infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from a raft of robust economic data.
The S&P is on track to gain 5.7 percent and the Dow 4.7 percent for the quarter ending Friday, their biggest first-quarter gains in four years.
Investors are looking to the upcoming earnings season to justify lofty valuations on Wall Street.
First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months against its long-term average of 15.
"If earnings reports come in as expected, then they will catch up with the valuations, if they don't then I think the market will start to pull back," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives at Charles Schwab & Co Inc.
At 12:29 p.m. ET (1629 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 25.97 points, or 0.13 percent, at 20,702.52; the S&P 500 was up 0.73 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,368.79 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.22 points, or 0.17 percent, at 5,924.57.
Five of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher, led by the defensive utilities. Energy lagged with a 0.42 percent decline, while the rest were little changed.
A 2 percent drop in Exxon Mobil's shares caused the Dow to dip slightly.
FMC Corp were the biggest gainers on the S&P, up 13.5 percent after the company agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont's shares were down about 1 percent
Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, with a 1.4 percent gain.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,804 to 1,010. On the Nasdaq, 1,638 issues rose and 1,100 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 15 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 72 highs and 14 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
March 29 Xinming China Holdings Ltd
* Expected to record a decrease in profits attributable to owners of company of over 90% for year ended 31 december 2016
* Improvement was mainly due to substantial increase in fair value gain of investment properties of group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
(Reuters Health) - - Parents who smoke may contribute to genetic changes in their kids that are associated with the most common type of childhood cancer, a recent study suggests.
Some previous research has linked parental smoking to an increased risk of childhood leukemia, but with less consistent results for mothers than for fathers. The current study is the first to link smoking by both parents to specific genetic changes in tumor cells of children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), said lead study author Adam de Smith, a researcher at the University of California San Francisco's Helen Diller Family Comprehensive Cancer Center.
“Another way of looking at this is that we are seeing evidence of the toxic effects of tobacco smoke in the genes of the leukemia cell, a molecular type of forensic pathology,” de Smith said by email.
“These deletions are not inherited from parents but are acquired in the child's immune cells, so we think the more important windows of tobacco exposure are during pregnancy and after birth,” he added.
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia is a cancer that starts from the early version of white blood cells called lymphocytes in the bone marrow, the soft inner part of the bones where new blood cells are made. With this type of cancer, the bone marrow makes irregular lymphocytes with errors known as deletions in their DNA, causing unchecked growth that crowds out healthy cells.
Each year about 5,970 new cases of ALL are diagnosed in the U.S. and about 1,440 people die from the disease, according to the American Cancer Society. The risk of developing ALL is highest in children under age 5, though the majority of the deaths occur with adult cases.
For the current study, researchers examined data on pre-treatment tumor samples from 559 ALL patients in a study of childhood leukemia cases in California. They wanted to see if any of the eight genes that are often deleted in ALL patients were missing in the tumor samples, and whether any of these deletions were associated with parental smoking habits.
Roughly two thirds of the tumor samples contained at least one of these deletions, the study in Cancer Research found.
Deletions were considerably more common in children whose mothers had smoked during pregnancy and after birth. For each five cigarettes smoked daily during pregnancy, there was a 22 percent increase in the number of deletions; and for each five cigarettes smoked daily during breastfeeding, there was a 74 percent increase in the number of deletions.
Smoking of five cigarettes daily by the mother or father before conception also was associated with a 7 percent to 8 percent increase in the number of deletions.
Boys were found to be more sensitive to the effects of maternal smoking, including smoking that occurred pre-conception. This could be explained by the fact that male fetuses grow more rapidly, leading to increased vulnerability of developing lymphocytes to toxins that cause genetic damage, the authors note.
One limitation of the study is that researchers don't know when genetic deletions occurred relative to the development of leukemia. Researchers also relied on parents to accurately recall and report their smoking habits in questionnaires, making it possible the timing or amount of tobacco exposure might be incorrect in some cases.
Still, the findings should reinforce how important it is for parents to quit or cut back tobacco use, said Dr. Marte Reigstad, a researcher at Oslo University Hospital in Norway who wasn't involved in the study.
“The best thing to do to reduce risk to a minimum is to cut out smoking altogether,” Reigstad, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
For people who grew up with parents that smoked, it's important to understand that tobacco isn't the only thing that causes cancer, Reigstad added.
“Living healthy lives can also reduce cancer risk, especially concerning exercise and keeping a healthy body weight,” Reigstad said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2ngHrw9 Cancer Research, online March 22, 2017.
(Corrects to show that net income and net interest income was for American Savings Bank)
April 28 Hawaiian Electric Industries Inc :
* American Savings Bank reports first quarter 2017 earnings
* American Savings Bank net income of $15.8 million for Q1 of 2017 compared to $12.7 million in Q1 of 2016
* American Savings Bank net interest income (pretax) was $54.8 million in Q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
(Repeats corrected item published on March 31)
MILAN, March 30 Nutella-maker Ferrero said on Thursday it would appoint its first chief executive from outside its founding family, as it strives to become more competitive and grow faster abroad.
From September, the company's head of central and eastern Europe, Lapo Civiletti, will replace Giovanni Ferrero as CEO.
The decision marks another shift in strategy for the Italian confectioner, which started making small acquisitions in recent years after Giovanni Ferrero became the company's sole CEO in 2011 following the death of his brother. Before then, the group had mostly relied on internal growth.
The only surviving scion of the Ferrero family will become executive chairman and be responsible for the group's long-term strategy.
Italian family-owned businesses are often criticised for their reluctance to cede control to external managers or bring in other investors.
Ferrero reported earlier this week an 8.5 percent rise in sales to 10.3 billion euros ($11 billion) for the 12 months through August.
The confectioner was founded in 1946 in northwest Italy by Pietro Ferrero and grew under his son Michele, who died two years ago. It now sells products including Ferrero Rocher pralines in 170 countries around the world.
Last year, it bought Belgium-based biscuits maker Delacre and earlier this month took control of U.S.-based chocolatier Fannie May.
($1 = 0.9327 euros) (Reporting by Francesca Landini; Editing by Mark Potter)
Illinois, 30 May 2018(News)- The testing, inspection, certification (TIC) is providing services to the companies operating across various industrial verticals for the purpose of improving the productivity, efficiency, manufacturing process for manufacturers to meet with the globally recognized standards, regulations and policies set by government to improve the quality of the product. The testing, inspection and certification services can be applied to any product, service, or company. With the growth in research and development and constant innovation in medical science, the rise of medical equipment is high resulting the some of the healthcare key players like Philips and Nokia healthcare develop equipment that meet the quality and safety standards to ensure that the product is safe for usage by both the doctor and the patient. Many different TIC key players like Intertek, UL and many more come up with certain testing solutions for medical equipment.
However, the lack of global certification standards and lack of skilled personnel. With the increase in the import and export and globalization, the product testing and quality standards are increasing but some of the factors such as difference in the quality and testing and lack of global certification standards restrain the growth of Testing, Inspection And Certification Market on a global scale. Many countries like India, and in the Middle East are experiencing the lack of skilled personnel. Out of the large labor force in India, only 5% are the skilled workforce and many of them are without any professional skills.
Get Free Sample Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/sample-report/global-testing-inspection-and-certification-tic-market
Key Findings:
By sourcing type: In-House sourcing type is dominating the market and has reached USD 25.53 billion inn year 2017. However, outsourcing type market is expected to grow fastest with 6.72% CAGR.
By service type: Testing service is dominating the market of TIC by service type and has reached USD 21.63 billion in the year 2017. However, certification service is the fastest growing at a 6.78 % CAGR.
By end user: automotive is dominating the market of TIC by end user and has reached USD 8.59 billion in the year 2017. However, food and beverage is the fastest growing at a 7.36 % CAGR during the forecasted period.
By application: industrial is dominating the market of TIC by application and has reached USD 27.25 billion in the year 2017. However, commercial is expected to show the fastest growth at a 5.91 % CAGR.
Get Free Customized Report Sample: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/inquiry-report/global-testing-inspection-and-certification-tic-market
Regional Analysis:
North America had dominated the market of Testing, inspection and certification market in 2016 and would go further in the forecast period. The major drivers for the growth of North America include increased global trade, large presence of electronics, software, defense and aviation industry and advancement in medical equipment automation. However, lack of certification standards is one of the restraining factor.
Europe holds the second position in global testing, inspection and certification market and will be the fastest growing region. The major driving factor is the advancement in automotive industry, and growing demand for organic and processed food. However, different government regulations for trade within and outside European Union is one of the main restraining factor.
Key Players:
The key players in the testing, inspection and certification market include SGS group (Switzerland), Bureau Veritas SA (France), Dekra Certification GmbH (Germany), Intertek Group Plc (U.K), ALS Limited (Australia), ASTM international (U.S.), BSI Group (U.K), SAI Global Limited (Australia), Mistras Group (U.S.) and UL LLC (U.S.) among others. However, SGS Group and Bureau Veritas hold the largest market with 14% and 11% respectively.
Buy Report: https://www.prominentmarketresearch.com/checkout/478
About Prominent Market Research:
At Prominent Market Research, we are committed to provide the best possible service and recommendations to all our customers. You will be able to speak to seasoned analyst who will understand your research needs accurately. We make it our business to look after yours, with an efficient and friendly team always available to help you.
Contact Us:
Robin Hood,
Sale Manager,
sales@prominentmarketresearch.com
(Adds company news items, futures)
April 5 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 5 points higher on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures up 0.3 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* JOHN WOOD-AMEC: Oil services company John Wood Group Plc said it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler Plc for 2.2 billion pounds ($2.7 billion) than it first estimated when announcing the deal in March.
* GALLIFORD TRY-Bovis: British housebuilder Galliford Try said on Wednesday it would not make a formal bid for fellow builder Bovis, the second of two suitors to pull out of a potential buyout of the ailing firm.
* GSK: GSK Plc is voluntarily recalling more than 593,000 Ventolin asthma inhalers from U.S. hospitals, pharmacies, retailers and wholesalers due to a defect that may cause them to deliver fewer doses of the medicine than indicated, the British drugmaker said on Tuesday.
* TOTAL: French oil major Total has extended an option with British shale gas developer Egdon Resources to buy a stake in one of Egdon's shale gas licences, the companies said on Tuesday.
* BHP: BHP Billiton on Wednesday declared force majeure for all coal deliveries from its mines in Queensland's Bowen Basin, after Cyclone Debbie damaged railway lines, disrupting delivery to ports.
* BRITIAN IMMIGRATION: Britain's decision to quit the European Union and reassert control over its borders does not mean the country will tighten immigration for the world's best brains, junior business minister David Prior said on Tuesday.
* The UK blue chip index ended up 0.5 percent on Tuesday, outperforming the more hesitant Europe-wide STOXX 600 index, helped by the energy and industrials sectors, while supermarket firms Sainsbury and Morrison fell on poor sales data.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
April 6 Yowie Group Ltd:
* Yowie appoints interim chair
* Appointment of Trevor Allen as interim chair of Yowie Group Ltd
* Trevor replaces Wayne Loxton who resigned from all executive roles within Yowie Group and retires as chair and as a non- executive director Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Sharp Corp :
* Says withdrawal of lawsuit filed by Lone Star Technological Innovations LLC against the co's US-based unit Sharp Electronics Corp, regarding two patents infringement
* The unit will pay $435,000 as patent royalty
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/uyXUDd
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: The Barclays headquarters building is seen in the Canary Wharf business district of London, Britain February 6, 2013. REUTERS/Neil Hall/File Photo
LONDON Britain's financial watchdog this week spoke to senior executives at the country's top banks to stress the importance of protecting whistleblowers after the head of Barclays sought to unmask one, sources familiar with the matter have told Reuters.
The executives were asked to ensure staff are aware of the regulations and they have the necessary procedures in place to protect any whistleblowers, according to the sources, who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
The Financial Conduct Authority declined to comment as did Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L), Barclays (BARC.L), Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L), and HSBC (HSBA.L).
The calls to the banks are a sign of how seriously the regulator is taking this issue and show concerns that other banks may not have enforced the policy, one of the sources said.
"They didn't want to be caught with their trousers down and to find out that no one is really enforcing the rules," said a senior executive at one of Britain's largest banks.
Earlier this week, Barclays said it had reprimanded Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley and would cut his bonus after he twice attempted to identify the author of a letter that revealed "concerns of a personal nature" about an unnamed senior employee.
The Financial Conduct Authority and the Bank of England's Prudential Regulation Authority, which vetted Staley's appointment as CEO, are investigating the bank and Staley to see what other penalties might be warranted.
The case has raised concerns about how much the culture at large banks has really changed since the 2007-2009 global financial crisis, when misconduct by bankers led to a slew of lawsuits and regulatory probes.
Since then banks have been at pains to demonstrate they have mended their ways.
Measures at Barclays, for example, have included a series of training programs reinforcing conduct policies, changing employee performance measurements to better emphasise conduct and having CEO Staley write several internal memos about the importance of the bank's reputation.
Lawmakers have likewise tightened their scrutiny, demanding banks make clearer who is accountable for executives' behaviour and strengthen protections for those who call attention to misbehaviour.
Former JPMorgan banker Staley's attempts to hunt an internal whistleblower down will become a test case for whether these claims of reform are more than lip service, lawmakers and lawyers said this week.
U.S. President Donald Trump presents the U.S. Air Force Academy football team with the Commander-in-Chief trophy in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Scott Pruitt, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), speaks to employees of the Agency in Washington, U.S., February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
BRUSSELS/WASHINGTON EU officials are scrambling to persuade U.S. President Donald Trump not pull out of the Paris climate accord after his advisers warned of legal problems if Washington stayed in but lowered its commitments.
European Union sources said European ministers and EU officials have been lobbying senior White House staff after hearing Trump was leaning heavily towards exiting the global pact because of the legal problems that could arise if Washington revised its climate commitments downward.
Trump is expected to announce a decision as early as next week along with other energy policy changes, including ordering opening up LNG exports and Arctic drilling.
"If the biggest economy in the world dumps the whole thing ... we all have to worry," one EU source told Reuters. "We are reaching out at all possible levels ... to try to explain why they do not need to leave the Paris agreement."
Four U.S. sources briefed on White House meetings, who asked not to be named, told Reuters on Tuesday that opponents of the 2015 accord to cap greenhouse gas emissions had won the upper hand in recent days about whether to pull out or remain in the accord with a reduced commitment.
Senior administration officials - including chief of staff Reince Priebus, chief strategist Steve Bannon, White House Counsel Donald McGahn and Environmental Protection Agency head Scott Pruitt - argued Washington risked legal challenges if it lowered its climate goals while remaining a party to the deal.
The sources said White House lawyers had argued in a memo recently that changing the U.S. target, known as the Nationally Determined Contribution, could trigger these complications.
A White House spokeswoman said a decision had not yet been made, and gave no further details. Trump said at a rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on Saturday that he would announce a "big decision" on the Paris agreement within two weeks.
EU Climate Commissioner Miguel Arias Canete, who has telephoned White House officials to press them on the climate issue, said "there is room for the new U.S. administration to chart its own path."
"We all continue to hope the U.S. will find a way to remain within the Paris Agreement," he told reporters after a meeting with Iran's environment minister in Tehran on Sunday.
'ALARM'
Trump vowed during his campaign to "cancel the Paris Climate Agreement" within 100 days of becoming president, part of a broader plan to sweep away Obama-era environmental protections he said were hobbling the economy.
But since being elected, he has been mostly quiet on the issue. Scores of large U.S. companies and several Republican lawmakers have urged him to keep America in the deal as a way to protect American industry interests overseas.
The accord, agreed by nearly 200 countries in Paris in 2015, seeks to limit planetary warming by cutting emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases from burning fossil fuels.
The United States committed to reducing its emissions by between 26 percent and 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 - a level that the Trump administration is unlikely to support.
As recently as last week, advocates for remaining in the agreement - including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner - seemed to have Trump's ear.
EU lawyers studying the Paris accord, another EU source said, say nothing in the Paris deal prohibits a participant from seeking to reduce its commitments.
That view was upheld by Sue Biniaz, a former State Department legal adviser who left earlier this year and was a key architect behind the Paris agreement.
"Countries might criticise the decision but it wouldn't be a violation of the agreement as a legal matter," she said.
An overwhelming majority of scientists say the burning of fossil fuels like petroleum and coal is a main driver of global climate change, triggering sea level rise, droughts and more frequent violent storms.
(Story corrects to clarify sourcing and wording in first five paragraphs.)
(Additional reporting by Richard Valdmanis; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Officially, the free upgrade to Windows 10 for Windows 7/8 users expired at the close of last July, but it seems that, a year later, there are still two routes by which you can make the leap to Microsoft's newest operating system.
Free Windows 10 - Article on the West Prime IT Blog
Contact
David Whyte
01656 808002
***@westprime.co.uk David Whyte01656 808002
End
--The company uses the terms assistive and accessibility rather interchangeably, and accessibility features include elements like Windows 10's Speech Recognition, or even Cortana or keyboard shortcuts.The first method is to get an upgrade because you use assistive technologies with the desktop OS. Note that Microsoft doesn't ask for any verification that you will use assistive tech, which is why in the past we've labelled this a morally dubious method for getting a free upgrade, although Techspot does point out that there's a potentially wide umbrella of qualifiers for those who use accessibility features.Clearly, this is still something of a grey area though, although not one Microsoft has ever policed, presumably because it's simply happy to have folks upgrading to Windows 10 – which would seem to be the main reason these methods have continued to remain available.The other loophole which is still active is to simply use your Windows 7 or Windows 8 product key to fire up a Windows 10 upgrade – it will still work just fine. We're quite surprised that this particular avenue hasn't been shut off yet, but as mentioned, it would appear that Microsoft just wants to beef up Windows 10 user numbers and stats.How long this will remain the case is anyone's guess, but if you do wish to upgrade it's probably best to do so sooner rather than later. It won't be forever, that's for sure, as Microsoft has previously said it will announce when the assistive technologies upgrade scheme is coming to a close.The company hasn't said anything official about the other product key route, simply because this (theoretically)shouldn't exist at all. It's an elephant in the corner of the desktop, for want of a better phrase.Talking more broadly about accessibility matters for Windows 10, Microsoft is promising some big steps forward on this front with the incoming Fall Creators Update, including a really nifty-looking eye-tracking feature.contact West Prime IT Support via their website http://westprime.co.uk/ free-windows- 10-upgrade/
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
TOKYO, April 20 Mitsui Life Insurance Co plans to shift some funds to euro-denominated bonds from dollar bonds in the financial year to March, as currency hedging costs for the dollar are expected to rise, a senior company official said on Thursday.
The company plans to reduce the overall holding of currency-hedged foreign bonds by around 50 billion yen ($460 million)after having boosted it sharply last year, Yoichiro Matsuta, head of the investment planning department, also told a news conference.
($1 = 108.84 yen) (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Clorox Co:
* CLOROX REPORTS Q2 FISCAL YEAR 2018 RESULTS; RAISES EPS OUTLOOK FOR TAX REFORM
* SEES FY 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE $6.17 TO $6.37 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.77 FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
* EPS RESULTS REFLECT A BENEFIT OF 61 CENTS IN Q2 AS A RESULT OF U.S. CORPORATE TAX REFORM
* ON TRACK TO ACHIEVE SALES OUTLOOK FOR YEAR
* QTRLY NET SALES $1,416 MILLION VERSUS $1,406 MILLION LAST YEAR
* CONTINUES TO ANTICIPATE 2018 SALES GROWTH IN THE RANGE OF 1 PERCENT TO 3 PERCENT
* IN Q2, COMPANY RECORDED A PROVISIONAL ESTIMATE OF $81 MILLION IN TAX BENEFITS
* GROSS MARGIN IS NOW EXPECTED TO DECREASE MODESTLY FOR YEAR
* Q2 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $1.23, REVENUE VIEW $1.43 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* FY2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE VIEW $5.68 -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S
* 2018 EPS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS GUIDANCE INCLUDES BENEFIT ESTIMATED TO BE 70 CENTS TO 75 CENTS FROM TAX REFORM
* CONTINUES TO ANTICIPATE SALES GROWTH IN RANGE OF 1 PERCENT TO 3 PERCENT FOR YEAR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
(Repeats April 5 column. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 5 On March 29, El Salvador made a little bit of history.
The tiny Central American country passed a law banning all exploration, mining and processing of metals. Without exception. It is the first nation to do so.
The decision, which enjoys broad popular support, is all the more remarkable given the parlous state of the country's economy.
But in a public debate that pitted water supplies against economics, water won.
The decision will not affect any metals supply chain. There are no major mines in the country, although one was planned.
El Salvador has specific issues with water. Its Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources estimates that 90 percent of surface water is contaminated.
However, it is symptomatic of the environmental pressures that are building across the developing world and increasingly impacting industrial metals.
This is the flip side of the green revolution, which holds so much demand promise for industrial stalwarts such as copper and which has propelled new materials such as lithium and cobalt into the public spotlight.
WATER VS MINING
The vote in El Salvador follows a protracted battle with a Canadian junior, Pacific Rim Mining, over its proposed El Dorado gold and silver mine. The project was bitterly resisted by locals and environmental activists because of its impact on water supplies.
Pacific Rim had sued the government for failing to issue a mining licence after the company had submitted its environmental impact study.
The case ended up with the World Bank's International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes, which found in favour of the government last October.
That paved the way for the new anti-mining law, which was passed with cross-party support and codifies a previous de facto moratorium on mining permits.
El Salvador may be an extreme case but it is not unique in looking again at the trade-off between the economic benefit and environmental impact of mining.
Pacific Rim was bought in 2013 by OceanaGold, which operates mines in New Zealand, the United States and the Philippines.
The company's Didipio gold and copper mine in the Philippines was served on Feb. 14 with a suspension order by the country's Department of Energy and Natural Resources due to allegations including "the potential adverse impact to the agricultural areas of the province".
OceanaGold, which is appealing against that order, had ironically just won for the second year running the country's Presidential Mineral Industry Environmental Award.
But that has been swept aside by the government's anti-mining campaign, which at the last count had led to the closure of 23 mines out of a national total of 41 and the suspension of 75 development licences.
Eco-warrior turned government minister Regina Lopez appears to have taken a leaf out of El Salvador's book, linking her environmental audit of the mining sector to water supplies.
And she has the support of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who has upped the rhetoric in an already heated national debate by suggesting he might favour a total ban on mining similar to that in El Salvador.
The threat may turn out to be overstated but Lopez' actions have already roiled the nickel market because of the impact on the flow of ore to China's nickel pig iron sector.
Similar arguments have been playing out in Malaysia over that country's bauxite mining, which also stands accused of environmental depredation.
Malaysia placed a moratorium on bauxite mining at the start of 2016. It has been extended several times, most recently until June this year.
The issue in the Philippines and Malaysia has been one of unregulated operators maximising profit over environmental impact.
But as OceanaGold will attest, the danger is that all operators pay the price for the bad behaviour of the few.
CLEAN AIR VS METALS
Such pressures on mining impact only the very start of the supply chain for many metals.
China's alumina refineries have already adapted to the Malaysian bauxite ban by searching for raw material further afield in countries such as Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
But it is China that has opened a whole new chapter in the environmental metals story.
Here the issue is first and foremost air, not water, as Beijing seeks a solution to the smog that plagues many parts of the country, not least the capital.
The old environmental inspection regime has been dismantled and replaced with a new centrally controlled system with inspection teams fanning across the country with increasing regularity.
In China too, mining is being targeted by policymakers but such is the low level of visibility on large parts of the sector that the impact of the clampdown is hard to gauge.
Not so when it comes to the country's giant metals-processing industries.
Steel capacity is being aggressively closed and a new plan for alleviating smog over the winter months in Beijing and the surrounding area will force large swathes of industrial capacity off-line, including the entire aluminium supply chain from carbon anode plants to refineries to smelters.
Environmental clampdown has become a defining part of the price narrative in steel and aluminium as a result. The latter, it's worth noting, is the best performer among the major industrial metals so far this year, as the market tries to work out the implications of the planned Chinese shutdowns.
DOUBLE-EDGED SWORD
All of which is ironic for a metal that is expected only to benefit from the green technology revolution due to its lightweighting potential in vehicle construction.
It's not the only one.
Copper has a similar green story thanks to the increased call on the metal from everything from electric vehicles to wind stations.
And then there are the next-generation metals such as lithium and cobalt, which have seen extreme bull rallies on expectations for usage growth in the electric transport and grid storage sectors.
But even while the green revolution is generating a demand boost of varying intensity across the industrial metals spectrum, it is also pinching with increasing frequency the supply of those metals, particularly at the mining stage.
This is a story that has been playing out in miniature in small communities across the developing world.
El Salvador's decision to reject any sort of mining elevates it to a national level.
It may yet turn out to be a historical outlier in the mining industry's evolution but the battle for hearts and minds in the metals vs environment war is only going to become hotter.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
BERN Switzerland's Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) on Tuesday defended its efforts to combat theft of business secrets after a Swiss man was arrested in Germany on suspicion of working for the spy agency.
The 54-year-old man, identified only as Daniel M., was arrested on Friday. His lawyer told a Swiss newspaper he was suspected of trying to find out how German states have obtained CDs containing details of secret Swiss bank accounts set up by Germans to evade tax.
The man was detained in Frankfurt, and officers from Germany's federal criminal police carried out searches at several addresses in the region.
While Swiss authorities declined to comment directly on the case, they defended domestic efforts to uphold Swiss laws.
"When someone in Switzerland uses illegal methods in Switzerland to steal state or business secrets, that is espionage, and we have the task to fight that," FIS director Markus Seiler told reporters at a briefing in Bern.
"The FIS is active at home and abroad," he said. Asked if this included Germany, he said: "I say simply nothing."
In Berlin, German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel asked the Swiss ambassador to explain the latest developments "in the interest of German-Swiss friendship", a German government source said.
The source said Deputy Foreign Minister Walter Lindner received Ambassador Christine Schraner Burgener for a conversation on Tuesday afternoon and sought information on the spy case. No details were given.
The case is potentially embarrassing for Switzerland, which has worked hard to increase the transparency of its financial system in order to prevent international tax dodgers from abusing its bank secrecy rules.
TAX CDs
The man arrested in Germany is suspected of operating since the start of 2012, though no further details were given by German authorities. Swiss media reported at the weekend that he was a former policeman who now worked for the FIS.
Authorities in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW) have since 2010 purchased 11 CDs containing data about Germans with bank accounts in Switzerland, and paid a total of 17.9 million euros (15.12 million pounds) to informants.
In return, NRW has secured nearly 7 billion euros in revenue which would have otherwise been lost, officials there said.
"The NRW financial administration acquires tax CDs, because they otherwise could not detect tax evasion," said Norbert Walter-Borjans, an official in the NRW finance department.
"Anyone who now hunts the investigators protects the perpetrators," Walter-Borjans said.
Speaking at Tuesday's news conference in Bern where the spy agency released its 2017 situation report, Swiss Defence Minister Guy Parmelin said the intelligence agency "must protect its methods and sources".
"Switzerland, and not only the banks, but also small and medium-sized companies, research institutes, and international organisations which have their headquarters here, are regularly suffering cyberattacks, spy attempts and efforts to recruit their staff," said Parmelin, who oversees the FIS.
The situation report outlined by Parmelin and Seiler said Switzerland was facing a "heightened" risk of Islamist militant attacks, with 90 individuals currently described as "risky" being monitored by the authorities.
"With all the attacks we have seen, like in Sweden and France, we see from time to time there are links to Switzerland," Seiler said.
"Switzerland is not an island. Without being too alarmist, we cannot rule out that our country, being part of the West which jihadists consider as hostile to Islam, may one day be the target of a terror attack."
(Reporting by John Revill and Marina Depetris in Bern, Michael Nienaber and Matthias Sobolewski in Berlin; editing by John Miller and Mark Heinrich)
May 3 Silver Standard Resources Inc
* Silver Standard reports first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 earnings per share $0.13
* Q1 revenue $117.9 million versus i/b/e/s view $112.8 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Silver Standard Resources Inc - a total of 52,528 ounces of gold were sold at an average price of $1,214 per ounce during Q1 of 2017
* Says produced 97,851 gold equivalent ounces at cash costs of $646 in Q1 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MANCHESTER, England (Reuters) - Jose Mourinho said he “doesn't know” if Manchester United can pull back Manchester City's 11-point lead at the top of the Premier League after his side's 2-1 derby defeat on Sunday.
Soccer Football - Champions League - Manchester United vs CSKA Moscow - Old Trafford, Manchester, Britain - December 5, 2017 Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho after the match Action Images via Reuters/Jason Cairnduff
United's manager also took aim at the referee Michael Oliver over what he felt was a clear penalty for his team and, after pre-match comments about City players falling over easily, he noted their ability to use up time at the end of the game.
United need to produce an exceptional second half of the season and hope that City stumble but Mourinho hardly sounded bullish about denying Guardiola his first league title in England.
“It is a significant distance,” Mourinho said of City's lead, before being asked if his team could make it up.
“I don't know. I know we can win next Wednesday (against Bournemouth). Win or lose or draw, I know that we can win next Wednesday,” he said.
“We can work and fight for it. That is the only thing I say. Match after match and every match we are going to give everything, with our qualities, with our problems, that is what we do all the time,” he said.
But, not for the first time in his career, Mourinho focussed his attention on a refereeing decision rather than his team's performance.
The Portuguese coach believed Oliver should have awarded a penalty in the 79th minute when Ander Herrera went down in the box under pressure from City defender Nicolas Otamendi.
The referee instead booked Herrera for diving, leaving Mourinho fuming and claiming it was a repeat of last year when he felt United should have had a penalty in the derby.
“Exactly the same, you can speak about anything you want, you can bring any football theory, you can bring the stats, the ball possession, you can bring everything you want – but like last season it is a huge penalty in a crucial moment of the game,” he said.
“But I have also to say that I feel sorry for Michael Oliver because I think he had a good game, I would say very good game, assistants the same. I think they came with the intention to make the perfect work which they almost did,” he said.
Mourinho said he had not expected to lose to City without United's rivals scoring quality goals.
“I think when you see Manchester City play, you expect Manchester City to score great goals not to score two disgraceful goals,” he said. Both came from set pieces and were helped by defensive misfortune.
“They are the last goals you expect to concede against a quality team like Manchester City, two very bad goals.... with rebound(s). (They were) incredible lucky or unlucky, depending on (your) perspective,” he said, before noting City's keeper Ederson had to make a double save in the late stages to secure the win.
“Yes, they had much more of the ball. Yes, they had that apparent control of the game but the biggest save is the double save of their goalkeeper and the biggest decision of the game is the unlucky decision of Michael (Oliver).”
April 6 Puerto Rico's debt-laden power utility, PREPA, and its bondholders have reached a new deal to restructure $8.9 billion in debt, according to a source familiar with the talks.
The deal could save an extra $1.5 billion over five years in debt servicing costs, as compared to a prior pending deal between the parties, said the person, who declined to be named because the deal is not yet public. (Reporting by Nick Brown; Editing by Alden Bentley)
May 3 Itron Inc:
* Itron announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share $0.57
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.40
* Q1 revenue $478 million versus I/B/E/S view $469.3 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.48 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Itron Inc says bookings in quarter totaled $424 million, an increase of 8 percent compared with bookings in q1 of 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
April 12 SPot Coffee (Canada) Ltd
* SPot Coffee provides an update on its franchise activities
* SPot Coffee (Canada) Ltd - Company's financial plan anticipates payment of all its outstanding debentures by summer of 2017
* SPot Coffee (Canada) - Financial plan anticipates attaining positive EBITDA corporate level-wise albeit already attaining positive EBITDA at café level Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The level of support for the first bond measure in 50 years for the Grass Valley Elementary School District exceeds the approval threshold needed, according a survey. 55% approval is needed and the survey shows 59% support. But Assistant District Superintendent, Brian Martinez, indicates that may be cutting it too close…
click to listen to Brian Martinez
The bond, as currently proposed, is worth $24 million and asks property owners to pay, annually, $30 per $100,000 of assessed value The District Board of Trustees will discuss possibly lowering those amounts, at their meeting tonight (Tues.). The bond would fund repairs, modernization, and expansion of facilities. Meanwhile, as if to illustrate their ailing infrastructure, Martinez says the district is preparing to spend about $300,000 for roof repairs at all 4 schools…
click to listen to Brian Martinez
Martinez says even if another bond survey is conducted, the goal is still to place it on the June 2018 ballot.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
FILE PHOTO - The ticker and trading information for Blackstone Group is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Private equity firm Blackstone Group LP (BX.N) is in advanced talks to acquire Ascend Learning LLC, a privately held U.S. maker of educational software, for more than $2 billion, including debt, according to people familiar with the matter.
The deal would underscore the appetite of buyout firms for companies in the educational software sector, at a time when corporate America and schools are using more digital tools to enhance learning and reduce some of their operational costs.
Blackstone has prevailed in an auction for Ascend Learning, and is now negotiating terms with its majority owner, private equity firm Providence Equity Partners LLC, the sources said on Thursday.
A deal could be announced as early as this month, the sources added, cautioning that it was still possible that negotiations would end without a deal.
The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Blackstone and Providence Equity declined to comment. Ascend Learning did not respond to a request for comment.
The transaction would be the latest private equity deal in the educational software sector. In 2015, private equity firms TPG Capital LP and Leonard Green & Partners LP acquired Ellucian Company LP, a U.S. provider of software to universities and colleges, for $3.5 billion, including debt.
Based in Burlington, Massachusetts, Ascend Learning offers software programs for testing and certifications in various industries, from nursing to sports medicine. The majority of its revenue comes from the healthcare and public safety sectors.
Ascend was formed in 2010 by Providence Equity after it combined companies it had previously acquired, including nursing school testing company Assessment Technology Institute LLC.
Providence Equity also owns Blackboard Inc, a U.S. software company that provides learning tools for high school and university classrooms.
It explored a sale of the company in 2015, but then ultimately decided to put it on hold. The private equity firm also has previously invested in education companies ITT Educational Services Inc ESI.N, Archipelago Learning and Education Management Corp.
Based in New York, Blackstone is the world's largest alternative asset manager, with more than $360 billion in assets under management.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Question: On December 6, 2017, US President Donald Trump made a statement recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital and declaring that his administration will immediately begin the process of building an embassy in Jerusalem. What does Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital mean? Respondents: Elliott Abrams, Daniel Pipes, Max Singer, Eytan Gilboa, Jonathan Rynhold, Hillel Frisch. Click here for the other responses. Slight changes made to the BESA Center original.
The move of the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem brings on a flood of thoughts. Briefly:
This completes the UN creation of Israel on Nov. 29, 1947.
Coincidentally, it came 70 years and 7 days after the UN vote. Also of note, it came 3 days shy of the centenary of British conquest of Jerusalem from the Ottomans.
It effectively recognizes pre-1967 west Jerusalem, not the whole of Jerusalem, as Israel's capital. It also leaves the ugly old consular and passport practices in place.
As a specialist on the Middle East, I hate to admit it, but this step results from fresh faces breaking with a stale past.
Three fresh American faces meet with Binyamin Netanyahu (L).
The move sends exactly the right to the Palestinians: your continued attempt to eliminate the Jewish state of Israel will cost you.
The Palestinian, Arab, and Muslim obsession with Jerusalem stems not from a religious interest in the city but a desire to control it. Put differently, where Zionists tread, Palestinians follow.
Trump's December 2017 moving the embassy neatly checks and refutes Obama's December 2016 abstaining from U.N. Security Council resolution 2334.
Denunciations of the move came in fast and hard from the pope, the UN Secretary-General, European leaders, Ankara and Tehran, Islamists, the Left, and Palestinians. Strikingly, however, Arab states were largely mum, for they have much higher priorities to contend with.
Good for Trump ignoring threats of the Arab street rising up; the riot veto must not be allowed to determine policy.
Police are searching for a man who allegedly tried to lure a 9-year-old girl near the Tumwater-Thurston County border on Sunday. Maps4News Courtesy
A cave explorer assisting Thai authorities trying to rescue 12 trapped schoolboys believes "we'll know in the next 24 hours" if they will live or die.
British cave expert Vern Unsworth, who lives in Thailand, said the conditions were getting worse and there was now a narrow window in which the group could escape.
"I think we'll know in the next 24 hours...We'll keep our fingers crossed - everybody needs to pray and hope for a good outcome," Mr Unsworth told the BBC.
The boys aged between 11 and 16, along with their football coach, have been trapped in the flooded Tham Luang cave system for 12 days.
Advertisement
But heavy monsoon rain is coming, and Mr Unsworth said rain that had already fallen had caused a dramatic rise in water levels in the cave.
"The main thing is to try to get the children to safety. We have to keep hoping. The water levels are rising, we had a lot of rain overnight."
He said the temperature of the water was cold, although the air temperature wasn't an issue.
Time is of the essence for rescuers.
The challenge ahead of the group is enormous - none of them are divers and some can't even swim. They have also been weak after spending days without food, but are gaining in strength after being given high-protein drinks.
Authorities insist they won't begin the rescue mission that has gripped the whole world until it was safe to do so. It will be dawn there at about 8.30am AEST.
"We have to be 100 per cent confident that there is no risk to the boys before we evacuate," Narongsak Osottanakorn, Chiang Rai provincial governor, told reporters.
"We will take care of them like they are our own children," he said. The group is being taught how to use diving masks and breathing apparatus, he added, but from the safety of the muddy bank which for now remains their sanctuary.
Getting out of the cave won't be easy. It will require diving of about a kilometre which could not be completed all at once. In total, it was expected to take three hours.
Another British expert, Gary Mitchell, described the challenging conditions. "There's air pockets along the way," he told the Associated Press.
"It's confined spaces. It's almost zero visibility. There are currents to battle against in places as well. So it's a really quite a strenuous environment to be in."
Doctors and nurses were seen moving up to the entrance of the flooded cave last night, fuelling speculation that an attempt was imminent.
Medical staff were filmed leaving the staging area further down the slope and were on the move to the mouth of the cave as reports emerged the rescue mission could begin as soon as this morning.
The football team.
The cave system is nearly 2km long.
The Interior Minister Anupong Paojinda said evacuating the boys "must speed up" as soon as possible before more rain falls and exacerbates the flooding.
The grim forecast could force authorities to have the children — who cannot swim — out through a narrow, underwater passage in the cave.
"If something happens midway, it could be life-threatening." Mr Paojinda said.
"Diving is not easy. For people who have never done it, it will be difficult, unlike diving in a swimming pool, because the cave's features have small channels."
There are a couple of other options on the table if that doesn't work and the heavy rains subside.
Authorities are considering digging them out of the cave, but if this goes wrong it could cause the cavern where the team has taken refuge to cave in.
Rescuers could potentially drain the caves enough to allow the boys to wade or float out with life vests.
The final option is to leave them in there for three or four months until the rains subside is also being considered.
The group of 13, who disappeared when flooding trapped them in the cave they were exploring on June 23 after a soccer game, were found by rescue divers late Monday night in the cavern in northern Chiang Rai province during a desperate search.
The effort drew international help and has riveted Thailand.
Detective Superintendent Thomas Hester said the team of six divers from the Australian Federal Police faced "incredibly challenging" conditions.
Rescuers have asked for 15 small and extra small full face masks, leading to speculation that divers were preparing a rescue mission through the 750-metre flooded stretch of the Tham Luang Nang Non cave.
Media have been told it was too dangerous to use conventional breathing apparatus as it could easily be knocked out during the dive.
The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach were described as healthy and being looked after by seven members of the Thai navy SEALs, including medics, who were staying with them inside the cave. They were mostly in stable condition and have received high-protein drinks.
It has been revealed that the boys visited the cave to attempt a local initiation rite in which they had to scrawl their names on a wall at the end of the tunnel.
While efforts to pump out floodwaters are continuing, it's clear that some areas of the sprawling cavern cannot be drained, said Mr Paojinda, a member of Thailand's ruling military junta.
In order to get them out ahead of the bad weather forecast for later in the week, they might need to use diving gear while being guided by professional divers, he said.
Mr Anupong said the boys would be brought out via the same complicated route through which their rescuers entered, and he conceded that if something went awry, it could be disastrous.
Yesterday, a video released by the Thai navy showed the boys in their soccer uniforms sitting in a dry area inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave above the water as a light held by a rescuer was shone on their faces.
Cave rescue experts have said it could be safer to simply supply them where they are for now, rather than trying to have the boys dive out. That could take months, however, given that Thailand's rainy season typically lasts through October.
SEAL commander Rear Adm. Arpakorn Yookongkaew said there was no rush to bring them out, since they're safe where they are.
A doctor and a nurse were with them in the cave.
"We have given the boys food, starting from easily digested and high-powered food with enough minerals," Arpakorn told a news conference.
Having them dive out of the cave was one of several options being considered, "but if we are using this plan, we have to be certain that it will work and have to have a drill to make sure that it's 100 per cent safe," he said.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
UPDATE 2-U.S. shipping terminal reopens after 'dirty bomb' threat
June 15 A terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and the safety zone has been lifted, the U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday, after investigating a threat of a "dirty bomb" on a container ship.
Brother ‘begged Kim Jong-un to spare his life'
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Kate Beckinsale has thanked fans for helping to keep the memory of her father Richard Beckinsale alive, 39 years after his death.
The Porridge and Rising Damp actor died of a heart attack on March 19 1979, when he was 31 and Underworld actress Kate was just five.
To mark the anniversary, Kate posted a picture on Instagram of Richard, her mother and herself as a baby.
In the sweet snap, Kate is yawning as she is held by her parents.
The actress, 44, wrote: “We miss him every single day.
“Thank you to everyone who keeps him alive, with love. It's really helped xxx #march19th.”
Richard Beckinsale played prison inmate Lennie Godber in classic 1970s sitcom Porridge. He was also known for playing medical student Alan Moore in the sitcom Rising Damp.
© Press Association 2018
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud attends the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea, Jordan March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammad Hamed
AMMAN Saudi Arabia's King Salman said on Wednesday his country supported a political settlement to the bloody six year conflict in Syria based on U.N. Security Council resolutions.
In a short speech at the opening of the Arab Summit, the Saudi monarch, whose country has backed rebels fighting to topple Syrian President Bashaw al Assad, said the Syrian people were subjected to "killing and displacement" but did not refer to Assad.
The monarch endorsed a political solution in the war-torn country based on U.N. Security Council resolution 2254 and the Geneva-based political process.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Editing by Alison Williams)
May 3 Panalpina Welttransport Holding AG:
* Panalpina has acquired Carelog, a Danish freight forwarding and logistics company
* Panalpina World Transport (Holding) Ltd. has acquired a majority stake in Carelog Freight Service A/S and its subsidiaries
* Transaction was completed yesterday in Copenhagen, Denmark Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama putts on 18th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Hideki Matsuyama charged into position to become the first Japanese man to win a major after joining Kevin Kisner in the second-round lead on eight-under-par at the PGA Championship on Friday.
Matsuyama took advantage of greens softened by an afternoon storm, reeling off five birdies in a six-hole stretch with a series of pinpoint approach shots to card a seven-under-par 64, a course record in light of the redesign of Quail Hollow before the championship.
He and American Kisner, who earlier fired a near-flawless 67, are two strokes ahead of Australian Jason Day (66), back in form after a recent flat patch.
"I was grateful for the rain delay because I was getting tired. I was able to lay down in the locker room and get some rest," world number three Matsuyama said.
"I think what was making me tired was I wasn't hitting my driver like I wanted to. I was hitting fairways but I wasn't getting the crisp contact that I was hoping for with my driver."
Matsuyama, the pressure of an entire country on his shoulders, said he did not know whether he would be nervous over the weekend.
"This is my first experience leading a major, or tied for the lead after 36 holes. And so being a new experience, maybe I'll be a little nervous, but on the other hand, I'm looking forward to the weekend and seeing how I do."
Kisner, meanwhile, used his 'Texas wedge' from off the green to sink a 47-foot putt at the par-five seventh -- his 16th hole -- and vault clear of the field, at least for a while.
The 33-year-old from South Carolina has won twice on the PGA Tour, and has also lost four times in playoffs.
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Hideki Matsuyama plays from a bunker on the 16th hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
Recent hard work tweaking his swing is paying off.
"I've always fought a push to the right and got sick and tired of it,” he said. “Hitting fairways are key.
“I'm hitting the ball really nice and things are going my way. The bad shots are working out and the good shots are working out and I'm making a lot of putts.”
Slideshow (4 Images)
DAY DOES HIS BEST BOLT IMPERSONATION
Day, the 2015 champion, ran down the final fairway to finish before darkness completely enveloped the course, the result of the earlier near two-hour stoppage that prevented 26 players from completing their round.
"It was nice to be able to drive the way I did today and set myself up with the opportunities and being able to capitalise on those opportunities felt even better," he said.
"Because they were the two things that were missing pretty much the whole year is my driving and my putting, and being able to combine that today, just felt like the old days, which is only last year."
Further back, the hopes of championship favourite Rory McIlroy and grand slam seeker Jordan Spieth are hanging by a thread, 10 and 11 strokes behind respectively.
The second round will resume on Saturday at 7.30 a.m. local time (1130 GMT). American Chris Stroud is best placed among those yet to complete the round, five-under with five holes left.
April 3 Provecta It SA:
* Said on Friday that Piotr Bolesta steps down as the company's CEO
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
VATICAN CITY Pope Francis on Wednesday said it was "imperative and urgent" to protect civilians in Iraq, speaking as U.S. investigators looked into who caused an explosion in Mosul that killed scores of non-combatants.
Addressing tens of thousands of people at his weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square, Francis said he was "concerned about civilian populations trapped in the neighbourhoods of western Mosul".
He appealed for all sides "to commit themselves to the protection of civilians, which is an imperative and urgent obligation".
Iraqi forces backed by U.S.-led coalition air strikes are fighting to clear Islamic State militants from Iraq's second city.
Francis' words came a day after a senior U.S. commander acknowledged that the U.S.-led coalition probably had a role in an explosion in a residential neighbourhood of west Mosul on March 17. The incident may have killed more than 200 people.
But U.S. Lieutenant General Stephen Townsend also said Islamic State could also be to blame.
Rights group Amnesty International has said the high civilian toll in Mosul suggested U.S.-led coalition forces had failed to take adequate precautions to prevent civilian deaths.
The United Nations has said 307 civilians had been killed and 273 wounded in western Mosul since Feb. 17, saying Islamic State was herding residents into booby-trapped buildings as human shields and firing on those who tried to flee.
(Reporting By Philip Pullella; Editing by Vin Shahrestani)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Day Without Immigrants action in St. Louis, Kansas City
ST. LOUIS (AP) — The national "Day Without Immigrants" includes actions in both of Missouri's metropolitan areas.
The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that Cherokee Street, the hub of traditional Mexican cuisine in St. Louis, was mostly quiet at lunch hour Thursday after several restaurants closed in solidarity.
Meanwhile, the Kansas City Star reports that 400 to 500 protesters gathered near City Hall, many holding banners and signs such as "Somos America," which translates to "We're America."
The protests are in response to President Donald Trump's pledge to increase deportation of immigrants living in the country illegally, build a wall along the Mexican border, and ban people from certain majority-Muslim countries from coming into the U.S.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DHAKA May 2 Bangladesh's foreign exchange reserves rose to $32.52 billion at the end of April, the central bank said on Tuesday, up nearly $300 million from the previous month.
The reserves are sufficient to cover imports for about nine months and are $4.25 billion higher than a year ago.
Garment exports and remittances from Bangladeshis working overseas, the key drivers of the country's more than $200 billion economy, have helped build reserves in recent years.
(Reporting by Ruma Paul; Editing by Robert Birsel)
April 28 Materion Corp
* Materion corporation reports first quarter 2017 financial results and confirms outlook for 2017
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.29
* Q1 earnings per share $0.15
* Q1 sales $240.7 million versus $235.5 million
* Reaffirms fy 2017 earnings per share view $1.45 to $1.60
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.27, revenue view $231.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $1.51 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Materion corp - Heraeus acquisition contributed favorably to growth in adjusted operating profit during q1 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Dietmar Exler, President and CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA, speaks at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
NEW YORK Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz USA chief said the German automaker has not decided whether to resume selling diesel vehicles in the United States.
The German automaker has not received approval from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to sell 2017 model diesel vehicles.
The EPA said in September 2015 that it would review all U.S. diesel vehicles following an admission from Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) that it had installed software in cars allowing them to emit up to 40 times legally permissible level of pollution.
In April 2016, the U.S. Department of Justice asked Daimler to investigate the emissions certification process for its Mercedes vehicles.
Dietmar Exler, president and CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA, told reporters at the New York auto show said the company's engineers are in talks with EPA over the diesel vehicles. He said he was not aware of the status of those talks.
Before the EPA declined to approve 2017 model diesel sales, Mercedes-Benz diesels accounted for just 2-3 percent of U.S. sales, Exler said. "No decision made one way or the other," on the future of diesel sales, he added.
Exler said the automaker plans a big boost in electric vehicles, adding 10 new EVs by 2025 worldwide, including 7 or 8 coming to the United States. "That's going to be the big focus going forward," he said.
He declined to comment on the status of the EPA review, saying if a "regulatory investigation is ongoing and you are not involved, it does not make sense to comment."
In March, German prosecutors said they had opened an investigation into whether Daimler employees may have committed fraud in a probe tied to diesel vehicle emissions.
Jaguar Land Rover, which is owned by Tata Motors, said on Wednesday it was adding a seventh diesel model for sale in the United States. The company estimates about 10-15 percent of its U.S. sales will be dieseled this year.
Fiat Chrysler is also still trying to win U.S. approval to sell 2017 diesel models as the U.S. government decides whether to take legal action.
The EPA accused the Italian-American automaker of illegally using undeclared software to allow excess diesel emissions from 104,000 U.S. trucks and SUVs. The EPA has refused to grant Fiat Chrysler approval to sell 2017 diesel models.
VW Group of America chief Hinrich Woebcken reiterated on Wednesday the company has no plans to resume sales on new U.S. diesels.
In March, VW won approval from the EPA to sell up to 67,000 diesel vehicles from the 2015 model year, including about 12,000 in dealer inventory with approved emissions fixes. Woebcken said dealers have not yet resumed sales.
(Reporting by David Shepardson)
MILAN May 2 Shares in Banca Carige rose 2 percent on Tuesday, leading gains among Italian banks after the lender said it would sell around 950 million euros in bad loans by the end of June at a price no lower than forecast in its business plan.
Carige, which has been told by European Central Bank supervisors to cut its bad debts, also said late on Friday its chief executive was finalising talks with five banks to carry out a planned 450 million euro ($491 million) share issue.
By 0729 GMT shares in Carige rose 2 percent at 0.26 euros each against a 1 percent rise in Italy's banking stock index . ($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Reporting by Valentina Za; editing by Francesca Landini)
MONTREAL May 2 General Motors Co on Tuesday reported a 16 percent rise in April auto sales for Canada, as demand for crossovers fueled the company's best April results since 2008.
The automaker reported the sale of 30,948 total vehicles in April, an increase of 16 per cent over the same month a year earlier.
Fiat Chrysler however reported April sales in Canada of 27,373 vehicles, down 9 per cent, compared with the same month a year earlier.
Canadian auto sales hit record highs in 2016 because of consumer demand for pickups and SUVs, despite ending the year on a weaker note that could continue in 2017.
(Reporting By Allison Lampert; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani speaks during a joint news conference following a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
ANKARA A bloc of conservative Iranian political parties has nominated a powerful cleric as their candidate to run in next month's presidential election to try to unseat the moderate Hassan Rouhani, Iran's state news agency IRNA said.
Seeking to regain the presidency by stopping Rouhani winning a second four-year term, Iran's powerful hardliners have been gearing up for a showdown in the May 19 vote.
Until next week's registration period for nominees is closed, it will not be confirmed that Ebrahim Raisi is the main conservative challenger.
But Raisi is an ally of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and analysts believe his nomination has been approved by Khamenei. If an anti-Western hardliner wins, analysts expect more restrictions on social and political freedoms in Iran.
Some prominent conservative leaders, including parliament speaker Ali Larijani, have thrown their support behind Rouhani, who is expected to seek re-election two years after he sealed a deal with world powers over curbing Iran's nuclear programme in return for some international sanctions being lifted in 2016.
"If Rouhani's rival camp reaches a consensus over Raisi's nomination, he will be a strong rival for Rouhani," said analyst Hamid Farahvashian.
Raisi was appointed by Khamenei in 2016 as the custodian of Astan Qods Razavi, an organisation in charge of Iran's holiest shrine in the city of Mashhad.
“Ebrahim Raisi has accepted the calls to run for the election ... he will announce his plans soon,” IRNA quoted Solat Mortazavi, the mayor of Mashhad, as saying.
Rouhani won the presidency in 2013, with the backing of mainly of young people and women. He promised to bring Iran out of its international isolation and create a freer society.
But many ordinary Iranians have lost faith in him because he has not been able to improve the economy despite the lifting of sanctions in January last year under the nuclear deal.
Rights campaigners say there have been few, if any, moves to bring about greater political and cultural freedoms.
The five-day registration of hopefuls for the vote will start on Tuesday. A hardline watchdog body, the Guardian Council, vets candidates for elections.
(Writing by Parisa Hafezi; Editing by Alison Williams)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
Unlimited data plans, like the one announced this week by Verizon, are mostly irrelevant to large businesses that negotiate lower prices with carriers for large pools of data, voice and text for hundreds of workers.
But smaller businesses -- say, those with fewer than 50 workers -- could benefit from an unlimited plan, especially if they don't have an assigned telecom manager who manages wireless contracts.
"Smaller organizations that don't have the staff or capacity to manage their mobility budgets could benefit" from an unlimited plan, said Michael Nziolek, vice president of strategic consulting at Tangoe, a telecom expense management consultancy.
But there's a caveat: Unlimited plans can lead a company to overspend, he said. Buying an unlimited plan for a higher price might be unnecessary compared to a lower price, for example, 4GB of data per month per employee -- especially when 4GB is all a particular employee really needs.
"Unlimited is over-buying in most cases," Nziolek said, based on Tangoe's consulting work with many companies, including large firms and many mid-sized companies with fewer than 500 employees. "With unlimited, you're often paying paying more than you should."
Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics, agreed.
"Americans really like unlimited plans and are typically overbuying when going for it," Entner said. "Overbuying means that based on their usage pattern, they could have purchased a metered plan for less money that comfortably fits their needs. But they would rather have unlimited to be safe. Just like everything else in life, a large majority of Americans think they are above average."
In the case of the new Verizon Unlimited plan, a single customer pays $80 a month for unlimited data, talk and text, HD video streaming and mobile hotspot. That price goes down in steps to $45 per month for four lines.
A Verizon spokeswoman said via email that the new plan is available to small businesses with up to 50 workers.
Verizon said its heaviest users of the unlimited plan -- those who exceed 22GB of data in a month -- will be forced to wait behind other customers in the event of network congestion.
Nziolek said at $45 a month per line, Verizon's unlimited plan sounds attractive -- until a customer includes the cost of buying a new phone that is required in the plan. For an iPhone 7 in the plan, that device cost is $650, or $27 a month.
The Verizon Unlimited service cost of $45 plus the device cost of $27 equals a total monthly total of $72.
"That's not terribly compelling," Nziolke said. By comparison, large companies can negotiate pricing that is less than 40% or better of that Verizon Unlimited monthly cost, made possible because of the large contracts those customers sign, he said.
"If my company were small and didn't have the staff to manage wireless accounts, a $45 monthly unlimited plan that included a device subsidy would be eye-opening, but at $72 for a device and monthly access, that's not really a compelling price for a company," Nziolke said.
Large enterprise customers typically work with either AT&T or Verizon in the U.S. for wireless service contracts that cover hundreds or even thousands of employees. AT&T said its unlimited plan is currently unavailable to business customers and is now for consumers on wireless plans who also have a DirecTV or U-verse subscription.
Sprint provides unlimited data plans for small businesses, while T-Mobile said all business customers will have access to unlimited data and other new features as of this Friday. However, both carriers are far smaller than AT&T and Verizon in the wireless market for business.
T-Mobile has spurred interest in unlimited data plans and forced other carriers to follow suit, but it has not won as many business customers as it could have, he added. That's because businesses that Nziolek have consulted with have voiced concerns about T-Mobile's network coverage outside of the big cities where the carrier's networks are strongest.
"T-Mobile has been very aggressive on prices and strong in metro centers, but has fragmented coverage outside the metros," he said. "If you have a sales force that has to travel point to point, we've had customers who have seen their traveling sales teams struggle."
Nziolek said he's confident that Verizon can handle the burden of unlimited customers sapping network capacity with HD video viewing and other heavy data uses. "Verizon's network won't bog down," he said. "If Verizon experiences any congestion problems, they will adjust the device threshold of that 22GB throttle."
Eventually, Nziolek said he believes smartphones will become far more expensive and users will upgrade them more frequently than now. That trend, in turn, will cause Verizon and other carriers to drop completely out of offering device subsidies for enterprises -- leaving business customers to help employees buy their phones on their own entirely or join with customer smartphone buying consortiums for better deals.
"When the day comes that a company can't get a device subsidy, then the $45 monthly unlimited plan could be more compelling," he said.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28 Centro HL Distribuzione SpA:
* Said on Thursday board approved not to continue with the activities in the parapharmaceutical sector via its stake in its affiliated company FarmaCHL Srl
* The transaction will result in the write-down of the value of the stake in FarmaCHL but will have a beneficial cash flow effect
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Repeats with correct slug for media clients, no changes in content)
By Tony Munroe and Jane Chung
BEIJING/SEOUL, April 13 Isolated North Korea doesn't consume much oil, but curbing or cutting off its supplies in retaliation for further nuclear or long-range missile tests would be painful and potentially destabilising to the regime of Kim Jong-un.
U.S. officials have told Reuters that an oil embargo is among tougher sanctions Washington could pursue to counter North Korea's nuclear and missile programs
Separately, the Global Times, an influential Chinese tabloid whose stance does not necessarily reflect official policy, said in an editorial on Wednesday that "Chinese society" would approve of "severe restrictive measures that have never been seen before, such as restricting oil imports to the North," if Pyongyang engages in further provocative activity.
China, which supplies most of North Korea's crude, no longer reports its oil shipments to the country, but according to South Korean data supplies it with roughly 500,000 tonnes of crude oil annually. It also exports over 200,000 tonnes of oil products, according to U.N. data.
Analysts said the impact of a full oil embargo on Pyongyang would be so damaging that China, which opposes any measures that could fuel instability in North Korea, would be unlikely to take that step or agree to such a measure in the United Nations Security Council, where it has a veto as a permanent member.
"If China cuts off oil supply, North Korea would not survive on its own for three months and everything in North Korea would be paralysed," said Cho Bong-hyun, who heads research on North Korea's economy at IBK Bank in Seoul.
"This could increase the possibility of North Korea's collapse and have an adverse impact on China as well. China would rather consider reducing crude oil supply," he said.
North Korea has virtually no domestic oil production, and has traditionally imported the little demand it has for fuel at its refineries from China and, to a lesser extent, Russia.
North Korea has two refineries: the Ponghwa Chemical Factory sits on the river border with Dandong in China, while the Sungri refinery is located on the Tumen River bordering Russia.
Much of North Korea's energy is supplied by abundant domestic coal, but oil is used by the military as well as in transport and agriculture.
"Cutting off all oil for an extended period of time, perhaps indefinitely, is probably the toughest economic punishment that China could impose on North Korea. It is highly unlikely that China would take such a step," said Bonnie Glaser of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
"It is possible that it might reduce the flow, stop oil deliveries for a week or two, but not cut it off entirely."
In 2003, China's oil pipeline to North Korea shut down for three days after a missile launch, adding to pressure on Pyongyang to draw back from nuclear brinkmanship. Chinese officials said then it was a mechanical breakdown, but some experts said it was deliberate.
CREDIBLE SIGNAL
Data from Seoul's Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) shows North Korea imported 525,000 tonnes of crude oil from China in 2015, up 5 percent from a year earlier.
United Nations data shows China also exported 218,087 tonnes of refined oil products to North Korea in 2015, about six times what Russia sent.
"The objective of a statement like this is not to follow through; the objective is to send a credible signal that would make the North Korean leadership think twice," Stephan Haggard, an expert on the North Korean economy at the University of California, San Diego, said of the Global Times editorial.
"It is all about shifting North Korea into a mode where negotiations would resume," he said. (Additional reporting by Ju-Min Park in SEOUL and John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Rory McIlroy said he was considering a break from golf to deal with a back muscle injury that left his left arm numb after his final round at the PGA Championship on Sunday.
"Right now I can feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. It's sort of the way it has been the last few weeks," world number four McIlroy said after shooting a three-under-par 68 at Quail Hollow to finish one over for the year's last major.
"It's a tough one because I go out there and play and shoot decent scores but when I come off the course I feel my left rhomboid going into spasm. Inside of my left arm goes numb."
The Northern Irishman injured the muscle in his upper back early this year in South Africa and had treatment on it, but was bothered again by the injury at The Players Championship in May.
"So I don't know what to do. I have got this next week off to assess what I need to go forward," he said, adding that he would consult with his trainer, Steve McGregor, who is a doctor, and consider his options.
"I'm flying home to Northern Ireland tonight. I'll catch up with Steve McGregor this week," McIlroy said.
"Just sort of have a chat with him about it and see what we need to do going forward. But the more I play, it's just not allowing that time to heal 100 percent.
"An injury like this, it's eight full weeks of rest before you start to rehab it and then you go again."
Last year McIlroy finished the season in high style, winning the Tour Championship finale and claimed the $10-million bonus prize for winning the FedExCup playoffs.
McIlroy said he might decide to skip the FedExCup events, which begin later this month.
"I feel like I'm capable and playing well enough to give myself a chance in it. At the same time, April is a long way away. That's the next big thing on my radar," he said, alluding to the Masters, the major he needs to complete a career grand slam.
McIlroy said he took the time he needed at the start of the year to heal and felt okay through the Masters in April but, after taking time off for his wedding and honeymoon, plunged back into training and did not build up the volume gradually.
"I went from zero to hitting balls for three or four hours a day. That aggravated it a little bit," he said.
"It's there. I can feel it. I can play 18 holes. I warm it up, it's okay. But once I get done, having to go through the whole routine of getting it ready to go again the next day, you shouldn't have to do that.
"If I want to challenge on a more consistent basis, I need to get 100 percent healthy." (Editing by Clare Fallon)
May 3 Macrogenics Inc
* Macrogenics provides update on corporate progress and 1st quarter 2017 financial results
* Macrogenics Inc- Total revenue was $2.1 million for quarter ended March 31, 2017, compared to $2.8 million for quarter ended March 31, 2016
* Macrogenics Inc - Qtrly basic and diluted net loss per common share $1.08
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.97, revenue view $5.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 11 Washington Federal Inc:
* Washington Federal, Inc. to acquire Anchor Bancorp for $63.9 million in stock
* Washington Federal - transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Washington Federal's tangible book value per share by $0.19 per share
* Transaction estimated to be accretive to earnings per share by $0.05 per year once fully integrated
* Washington Federal Inc - under terms, each outstanding share of Anchor common stock will be exchanged for shares of Washington Federal common stock Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BERLIN Chancellor Angela Merkel said refugees in Germany must respect tolerance, openness and freedom of religion, while senior members of her party called for a ban on foreign funding of mosques.
Merkel, who will seek a fourth term as chancellor in what is expected to be a tight election in September, has come under fire for allowing more than one million refugees to enter Germany over the past two years.
Interviewed by a Syrian journalist who came to Germany in 2015 and asked about what Germany was expecting from refugees, Merkel said in her weekly podcast:
"We expect the people who come to us to stick to our laws."
Merkel said it was paramount that new arrivals respected and understood the liberal values of modern Germany such as tolerance, openness, freedom of religion and freedom of opinion.
The centre-right leader urged Germans to show openness in return. "We know very few things about Syria, we know very few things about Iraq or African countries. And we must see this as an opportunity to learn more and experience more," she said.
Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party has lost support since her decision in 2015 to leave Germany's borders open for hundreds of thousands refugees fleeing the civil war in Syria and Iraq.
Immigration and security are set to be major issues in the election, in which the far-right, anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party is expected to enter parliament.
In an apparent attempt to address unease among traditional CDU voters over Merkel's migration policy, CDU deputy party leader Julia Kloeckner called for stricter rules for Islamic preachers and a ban on foreign funding of mosques, echoing comments by other senior CDU members in recent days.
Most of the four million Muslims living in Germany have a Turkish background and some mosques in Germany are financed by the Turkish government.
"An 'Islam law' can place the rights and duties of Muslims living in Germany on a new legal basis," Kloeckner told Bild am Sonntag.
Kloeckner also called for a public register that would list all mosques in Germany and provide background information on sponsors and financiers.
Such rules should also include a right to a Muslim religious counsellor in prisons, hospitals and nursing homes, she added.
The CDU's coalition partner and rival party the SPD, whose new leader Martin Schulz will stand against Merkel in September's election, flatly rejected the idea.
"In my opinion, the proposals are hardly compatible with the German constitution," SPD deputy leader Olaf Scholz told the Funke media group, adding that a law could not only be made for a single religious community.
The chairman of the Islamic Council in Germany, Burhan Kesici, said the proposals were populist and put Muslims under blanket suspicion.
(Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
* Bank drops soft guidance to end weak-crown around mid-year
* Market anticipating exit is near, bet on firmer crown
* Governor says move can happen any time after April 1
* Crown weakens to 1-1/2 year low as some close positions
* Graphic of crown/euro bit.ly/2ofoklU
* TAKE A LOOK: GRAPHIC: tmsnrt.rs/2jipWYu (Adds details, analyst, background, links)
By Robert Muller and Jan Lopatka
PRAGUE, March 30 The Czech central bank dropped its guidance of a likely mid-year exit from its exchange rate cap on Thursday, sending a loud signal to markets that the end of the ultra-loose policy may be near.
Governor Jiri Rusnok said after a board meeting that the bank could end its cap on the crown anytime from April 1 but would not indicate more clearly when that might happen.
Markets have increasingly bet the bank would soon unshackle the crown. It has been prevented from firming past 27 to the euro since 2013 to revive inflation by raising import prices.
Tens of billion of euros -- Patria Finance estimates 50-60 billion -- have flowed into the market in anticipation the currency will firm, putting increasing pressure on the cap.
But after the meeting, the crown fell to its weakest against the euro since September 2015, dropping more than half a percent to touch 27.24 to the euro, as investors, betting the cap would be gone already by Thursday, closed their positions.
The bank had signalled a mid-2017 exit for the past year before Thursday's change. It also has a hard commitment to not end the policy before the end of the first quarter, which ends after Friday.
"We will not further indicate any ... scenarios when it can or cannot happen," Rusnok told reporters. "Simply said, it can happen any time after the end of this hard commitment."
The bank has said that it wants to see "sustainable fulfilment" of its 2 percent inflation target before freeing the crown. It wants to avoid the risk of having to return to using the exchange rate or other unconventional policy tool in case of a downward shock to inflation.
Rusnok said a pick-up in inflation -- which reached 2.5 percent in February -- came sooner than expected. He said that while there were upward risks to that outlook in the short-term, the picture was more mixed looking longer ahead.
"We are certainly closer to the fulfilment of the sustainable inflation criterion than we had been before," he said top explain why the bank dropped the mid-year guidance.
VOLATILITY
The central bank had to buy more than 30 billion euros, according to estimates, from the market since January to defend the cap, about as much as in the previous three years combined, and Thursday' language convinced some market players exit could happen in the first days of April.
Michal Brozka, a Raiffeisenbank strategist, said the bank may still opt to wait for further data, such as March inflation due on April 10 or even updated staff forecasts due at its next policy meeting on May 4.
"But it is also possible the opinion that there is nothing more to wait for will prevail in the board and the exit will come within a few days," he said.
Central bankers have said investors face the risk of lacking counterparties to cash out of positions. This could lead to volatility on the market and even chances the crown will weaken initially after the exit.
"It is going to be a volatile time (around the exit)," a trader said on Thursday.
Fair value calculations suggest the crown's rise could be limited to around 5 percent over time.
(Writing by Jason Hovet Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Expanding to veterans of all eras a Department of Veterans Affairs program that pays family caregivers to provide home-based help is key to making sure all vets receive appropriate care, advocates told senators Wednesday.
"The caregivers from pre-9/11 have been providing services for years, and they've had no acknowledgment. They're not acknowledged for what they're doing and they're receiving very, very little in the way of services," former Sen. Elizabeth Dole, whose foundation advocates for military caregivers, testified before the Senate subcommittee on aging Wednesday.
"The illnesses and the wounds and injuries of these veterans from earlier eras are compounded as they age," she said. "They deserve [care], and it's really unfair that they don't have it now."
The VA's Program of Comprehensive Assistance for Family Caregivers gives eligible participants a monthly stipend -- some participants receive $2,500 -- depending on the veteran's needs and location. However, the program, put in place by Congress, is available only to veterans who served after Sept. 11, 2001. The operation and approval process for the caregiver program is under review by the VA.
Expanding the benefit could cost between $3 billion and $4 billion over the first five years, according to some estimates. The VA calculates as many as 80,000 pre-9/11 veterans would qualify for the expanded program.
The current program has a budget of $735 million this year and covers about 36,000 users.
A pair of bills to expand the program introduced this year in the House and Senate face an uncertain future. Although they have bipartisan support on Capitol Hill as well as support from the VA, similar legislation has in the past stalled due to forecasted costs, which many lawmakers consider too high.
There are 5.5 million military caregivers in the U.S., according to official estimates, but only about 20 percent of those care for post-9/11 veterans. About 60 percent of caregivers are women.
"We must strengthen the supports that are currently available and help more caregivers have access to these supports," Sen. Bob Casey, a Pennsylvania Democrat who co-chairs the subcommittee, said during the hearing. "Whether their veterans served in Vietnam or Afghanistan, they should have access to the same services from the VA."
-- Amy Bushatz can be reached at amy.bushatz@military.com.
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (L) is greeted prior to testifying at a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on 'Oversight of U.S. Airline Customer Service,' in the aftermath of the forced removal on April 9 of a passenger from a UAL Chicago flight, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz prepares to testify at a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on 'Oversight of U.S. Airline Customer Service,' in the aftermath of the forced removal on April 9 of a passenger from a UAL Chicago flight, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz (L) and UAL President Scott Kirby prepare to testify at a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on 'Oversight of U.S. Airline Customer Service,' in the aftermath of the forced removal on April 9 of a passenger from a UAL Chicago flight, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz prepares to testify at a House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hearing on 'Oversight of U.S. Airline Customer Service,' in the aftermath of the forced removal on April 9 of a passenger from a UAL Chicago flight, on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON U.S. lawmakers threatened United Airlines and other carriers on Tuesday with legislation aimed at improving customer service after a passenger was hauled down the aisle of a flight last month.
Top airline executives testified to the House of Representatives transportation committee and promised to address customer service failures at the hearing held to consider ways to address passenger frustrations with problems such as overbooking.
The industry breathed a sigh of relief after the four-hour hearing, in which lawmakers did not outline any immediate plans for increased oversight on the largely deregulated sector.
In April, video went viral on social media of 69-year-old passenger David Dao being dragged from a United flight at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after he refused to give up his seat to make room for crew members.
United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz repeatedly apologised at the hearing for the removal of Dao, with whom the airline reached a settlement last week for an undisclosed sum.
"In that moment for our customers and our company we failed, and so as CEO, at the end of the day, that is on me," Munoz said. He called the removal the result of a series of system failures and "a mistake of epic proportions. "Munoz was joined at the hearing by United President Scott Kirby and executives from American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and Alaska Airlines.
American Airlines experienced its own public relations fiasco last month when a passenger video went viral, showing a woman on a plane in tears holding a child in her arms and another at her side after an encounter with a flight attendant over a baby stroller.
"Clearly what happened was wrong," said Kerry Philipovitch, the airline's senior vice president of customer experience, at the hearing.
Airline stocks rose after the hearing and Delta Air Lines Inc reported a gain in April traffic.
On Tuesday, United's stock closed up 5.2 percent, Delta gained 5.4 percent, American added 4.3 percent, and Southwest was up 3.6 percent.
Analyst Jim Corridore of CFRA Research said investors were focussing on news of Delta's improved unit revenue and were also relieved that lawmakers did not outline plans for immediate moves to tighten regulations.
Many lawmakers fly weekly to and from Washington and during the hearing took the opportunity to recount the frustrations customers routinely face, including complicated booking systems, confusing fees, long waits and unexplained flight delays.
"We all know it's a terrible experience," said Representative Michael Capuano, a Democrat from Massachusetts, throwing his arms in the air in frustration. "Some charge fees for baggage, some charge fees for oxygen, who knows?"
Bill Shuster, chairman of the House of Representatives' transportation committee, said: "If airlines don't get their act together, we are going to act; it is going to be one size fits all. Seize this opportunity because if you don't, we're going to come, and you're not going to like it."
After the hearing, Munoz said the message that change was needed was loud and clear.
"I think the sense in the room was one of an admonition to get your collective stuff together," Munoz told reporters at the Capitol. The alternative is to face additional legislation, "which I think is fair," he added.
In response to the dragging incident, United has changed its policies by reducing overbooked flights and offering passengers who give up their seats up to $10,000.
Airlines have said they routinely overbook flights because a small percentage of passengers do not show up.
Delta Air Lines declined to testify. In a statement, the airline said it was working with individual members of Congress on customer service issues.
(Additional reporting by Steve Holland and Amanda Becker in Washington; Writing by Roberta Rampton and Amanda Becker; Editing by Richard Chang and Lisa Shumaker)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LONDON, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Australia's Sally Pearson completed one of the great sporting comebacks when she overcame two years of injury agony to win the world 100 metres hurdles title at the age of 30 on Saturday.
Pearson, world champion in 2011 and Olympic gold medallist in 2012, missed the last two seasons through hamstring and achilles injuries and a badly broken wrist but blasted back to win in 12.59 seconds, screaming "oh my God" repeatedly after crossing the line.
"I've worked so hard, I don't know what has just happened out there. I'm so tired but I'm sure it will sink in soon," Pearson said.
Dawn Harper Nelson, who won gold at the 2008 Olympics and was one of four Americans in the final, took silver in 12.63 ahead of Germany's Pamela Dutkiewicz (12.72).
Favourite Kendra Harrison, who set the world record in the London Stadium last year having missed out on Olympic selection, again clattered too many barriers as she did in the semis and finished fourth in 12.74.
Defending champion Danielle Williams of Jamaica failed to make the final while last year's Olympic champion Brianna Rollins is banned for a doping violation.
UPDATE 1-Western Digital seeks court injunction to block sale of Toshiba chip unit
* Argues sale cannot be made without its consent (Adds comment from Western Digital CEO)
A muslim looks on outside a closed restaurant in Gurugram, Haryana, India March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
NEW DELHI Abattoirs in India called off a four-day strike after the most populous state of Uttar Pradesh, ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party, gave assurances that mainly Muslim-run, unlicensed slaughter houses would not be shut down or attacked.
Separately, in Modi's western home state of Gujarat, lawmakers of his ruling party stiffened the punishment for cow slaughter to life imprisonment, the toughest such measure aimed at protecting cows, widely considered holy by Hindus.
Earlier, the maximum punishment had been a seven-year jail term.
State elections are due by year-end in Gujarat, where 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed in 2002 after a wave of Hindu-Muslim riots when Modi was chief minister. A Supreme Court investigation found no case against Modi, who denied wrongdoing.
Shrill demands by right-wing Hindu groups to stop the slaughter of cows threaten to stoke a fresh wave of communal tension, as Muslims, who make up 14 percent of India's 1.3 billion people, dominate the meat trade.
After the appointment of Hindu hardliner Yogi Adityanath as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh following a landslide election victory for Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party, slaughterhouses and meat shops suffered attacks by Hindu vigilante groups.
"We have decided to call off the strike after a meeting with the chief minister, who assured us that the state government will renew the licences of slaughter houses," Chaudhary Aley Ummar Qureshi, a general secretary of the Muslim All India Jamiatul Quresh, told Reuters from Lucknow, the state capital.
Traders will resume selling meat after the end on Wednesday of the nine-day Hindu festival of Navratra, during which participants fast and abstain from meat, Qureshi said.
"The government also assured us of protection from any arbitrary or unlawful crackdown," Qureshi said.
The state government would not discriminate on religious grounds, said health minister Siddharth Nath Singh, who attended the traders' meeting with Adityanath.
"Anyone creating trouble in the name of religion, from now on, will not be tolerated," he told a TV network soon after.
Most of India's beef comes from buffalo rather than cattle, and Uttar Pradesh is the country's biggest producer of buffalo meat. Its recent crackdown spread to other states ruled by the BJP.
Despite the end to the strike, slaughterhouse owners remain insecure and nervous.
Muslim owners of meat shops still fear they could be targeted, said Iqbal Qureshi, president of the Meat Murga Vyapar Kalyan Samiti, a meat sellers' group in Uttar Pradesh.
He urged the government to make its rules and regulations clear in order to eliminate harassment by authorities and vigilante groups.
Frequent attacks on trucks carrying cattle have severely crippled both local trade and exports, said a meat exporter based in India's financial capital of Mumbai.
During its election campaign the BJP had promised to maintain communal harmony in Uttar Pradesh, said Randeep Surjewala, spokesman of the opposition Congress party.
"Everybody will have to wait and watch to see whether they fulfil these promises or pursue a divisive agenda," he added.
(Reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj; Additional reporting by Rupam Jain, Krishna Das and; Rajendra Jadhav in MUMBAI; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
May 3 PAREXEL International Corp:
* PAREXEL International reports third quarter fiscal year 2017 results
* Q3 GAAP earnings per share $0.35
* Q3 earnings per share view $0.74 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q3 adjusted earnings per share $0.74
* Company adopts new policy for reporting new business and backlog to align with emerging industry norm
* Restructuring program expanded
* Backlog at end of Q3 was $4.06 billion
* Expects approximately $1.56 billion of backlog to convert into revenue in next twelve months
* Expect total annual savings of $75-85 million from restructuring activities in fiscal year 2018
* Remain committed to longer-term goal of 14-16% adjusted operating margin
* Sees FY 2017 GAAP EPS $2.04 - $2.18
* Remains "committed" to longer-term goal of 14-16% adjusted operating margin
* Sees FY 2017 Non-GAAP EPS $3.17 - $3.31
* Sees FY 2017 revenue $2.09 billion - $2.11 billion
* FY2017 earnings per share view $3.23, revenue view $2.12 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q3 total revenue $605.2 million versus $611.4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF- Kenedix Residential Investment to acquire trust beneficial rights of property for 7.5 bln yen
* Says it plans to acquire trust beneficial rights of a Tokyo-based property, for 7.5 billion yen, on Aug. 22
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond and Secretary of State for exiting the EU David Davis stand in front of a campaign poster in London, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond stands in front of a campaign poster in London, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond and Secretary of State for exiting the EU David Davis stand in front of a campaign poster in London, May 3, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
LONDON Britain's governing Conservatives sought to move the election campaign on to the economy on Wednesday, taking aim at opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn with a poster warning of a tax "bombshell" if his Labour Party wins next month's vote.
Parliament will be formally dissolved on Wednesday, kicking off the campaign period ahead of a June 8 election which Prime Minister Theresa May has said she called to help strengthen her hand in upcoming Brexit negotiations.
The poster, featuring an image of Corbyn in front of a bomb emblazoned with the words "more debt, higher taxes", warned voters that under the anti-nuclear Labour leader they would face "No bombs for our army. One big bombshell for your family."
It echoed a poster used by the Conservatives in the 1992 election campaign which also featured an image of a large bomb under the words "Labour's tax bombshell".
Wednesday's poster was published alongside a document in which the Conservatives said Labour had made spending and tax commitments which would cost the public finances at least 45 billion pounds ($58 billion) by 2019/2020.
"His economic policies are a recipe for chaos, instability, uncertainty and insecurity. Britain simply cannot take the risk of Jeremy Corbyn ... unleashing economic chaos on the country," finance minister Philip Hammond said at a campaign event.
Labour disputed the figure, saying their plans were fully costed and would be set out in their election manifesto.
"In common parlance, people would call what the Tories (Conservatives) have published today lies, absolute lies," Labour's economic spokesman John McDonnell told BBC Radio.
"It is shoddy that the Tories have produced it."
Opinion polls give May's Conservatives a double-digit lead over Labour, with a Panelbase survey on Wednesday putting them on 47 percent, down two percentage points from a week earlier but still 17 points ahead of Labour.
Despite seeking to focus on Labour's economic credentials, questions from journalists to Hammond and Brexit minister David Davis at the campaign event focused largely on reports of EU negotiators hiking the bill that Britain could face when it leaves the European Union.
Both said they did not recognise the figures published in the media.
(Editing by Stephen Addison)
March 31 Ciwen Media Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 21.9 pct to 51.2 pct, or to be 25 million yuan to 31 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (20.5 million yuan)
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HBeUXA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
WASHINGTON, April 28 A U.S. appeals court on Friday granted a Trump administration request to put on hold a legal challenge by industry and a group of states to former President Barack Obama's regulations aimed at curbing greenhouse emissions mainly from coal-fired power plants, rules that the Republican president is moving to undo.
A 10-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit granted the request to put the litigation involving the regulations known as the Clean Power Plan in abeyance for at least 60 days while the administration plans its next steps.
(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Scottish Premiership matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 Hamilton Academical 3 Dundee 0 Kilmarnock 0 Hearts 1 Rangers 2 Hibernian 3 Ross County 1 Aberdeen 2 St. Johnstone 4 Motherwell 1 Friday, August 11 Partick Thistle 0 Celtic 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 St. Johnstone 2 2 0 0 6 2 6 2 Celtic 2 2 0 0 5 1 6 3 Hibernian 2 2 0 0 6 3 6 4 Aberdeen 2 2 0 0 4 1 6 5 Hamilton Academical 2 1 0 1 3 2 3 6 Rangers 2 1 0 1 4 4 3 ------------------------- 7 Ross County 2 1 0 1 3 3 3 8 Hearts 2 1 0 1 2 4 3 9 Kilmarnock 2 0 0 2 1 3 0 10 Partick Thistle 2 0 0 2 1 4 0 11 Motherwell 2 0 0 2 2 6 0 12 Dundee 2 0 0 2 1 5 0 1-6: Championship play-off 7-12: Relegation play-off
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON, March 29 Boston Federal Reserve President Eric Rosengren said on Wednesday that he thinks the U.S. central bank should raise interest rates three more times this year due to the strength of the economy.
"The base case (for 2017) would be four tightenings, reflecting the strength of the economy that I believe justifies more regular normalization of interest rates," Rosengren said in prepared remarks to the Boston Economic Club.
At the March meeting, the Fed lifted the benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points to a target range of between 0.75 and 1 percent. The median forecast of the Fed's 17 policymakers then was for two further rate increases this year.
With the unemployment rate at 4.7 percent and inflation rising toward the Fed's 2 percent target rate, Rosengren noted that the risks are rising if the Fed waits too long to embark on a more regular pace barring a deterioration in economic indicators.
"If the economy runs too hot, it could ultimately require a less gradual monetary policy adjustment – which could potentially place at risk the significant progress the economy and labor market have made since the Great Recession," he said.
The Boston Fed chief added that it seems likely the Fed will reach its goals on full employment and inflation by the end of 2017.
Rosengren had previously said in mid-February that he saw "at least" three rate hikes as being needed this year to keep the economy on an even keel. (Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
April 28Fisco Ltd
* Says it will sell 152,000 shares of unit NCXX Group Inc to a Tokyo-based company for 60.2 million yen (396 yen per share) in total, to ensure the business fund, on April 28
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/sWEIj9
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIRUT Eight Syria Civil Defence workers died on Saturday when an air strike hit their office in northern Hama province, the rescue service said on its Twitter page.
Also known as the White Helmets, the civil defence rescue service operates in opposition-held parts of Syria.
The civil defence centre was in Kafr Zeita, a town in rebel-held northern Hama province, which came under intense aerial bombardment on Saturday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor said.
Backed by Russian air strikes and Iranian-backed militias, the Syrian army is waging an offensive against rebel areas north of government-held Hama city, reversing insurgent gains made last month.
(Reporting by Lisa Barrington; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
March 31 Ialbatros Group SA:
* Acquires 2.5 million of own shares on March 28
* After the transaction, it increases the percantage of own shares owned to 33 percent from 11.89 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 Asiamedic Limited
* Proposed Acquisition Of Luyeellium Healthcare Co Ltd
* Entered into a conditional sale and purchase agreement with vendors in relation to proposed acquisition
* Aggregate consideration payable by company to vendors for proposed acquisition is S$42.2 million
* Consideration will be satisfied in full by allotment and issuance of 527.1 million new shares at S$0.080 per consideration share to vendors
* Vendors being Luye Medicals Group Pte Ltd, Park Heeseok, Hong Yong Su And Choi Jinseok Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BERLIN Former Bundesliga champions Werder Bremen, who have spent much of the season in the relegation zone, could complete a sensational comeback with victory at Ingolstadt on Saturday.
A win could move Werder into seventh place, which leads to the Europa League qualifiers, or even sixth spot and an automatic place in the European competition next season.
Unbeaten in their last nine league matches and having won seven of those, Werder have climbed out of 16th place and have the second best points haul with 23 since the winter break, behind only Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich who picked up 27.
Under Alexander Nouri, who took over as interim manager in September before signing a permanent deal, Werder's attacking game has seen them score 15 goals in their last five league games and notch up wins over second-placed RB Leipzig and potential relegation candidates Schalke 04 and Hamburg SV.
"Fans can chant about Europe and we can sort of take a look up the table to see what's happening there but we remain cautious," Werder's Fin Bartels said following last week's 2-1 victory over northern rivals Hamburg.
"Our focus is on the next game and the 40-point mark."
That milestone has traditionally marked safety from relegation, and while few fans now fear Werder will go down, the players are in no mood to spend any time talking about European football next season before they have secured a top flight spot.
"We will go to Ingolstadt brimming with confidence," said former Germany international Max Kruse, who has been successful in reviving his career after a disappointing spell at VfL Wolfsburg following his move from Borussia Moenchengladbach.
"It has worked well in the past weeks to plan from game to game. Only once we have 40 points can we talk about something else," Kruse added.
Ingolstadt is in 17th place but with three wins in their last four matches, they have fought their way up to 28 points, four behind Augsburg, 16th and on the relegation playoff spot with five games left in the season.
Leaders Bayern Munich, on 69 points, eight clear of Leipzig, host Mainz 05 following their bitter Champions League exit at Real Madrid on Tuesday. Leipzig travels to Schalke on Sunday.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Alexander Smith)
Canadian newspaper publisher Torstar Corp (TSb.TO) on Wednesday reported a bigger-than-expected loss, sending its shares to a record low, as growth in some of its digital ventures failed to offset a decline in print advertising.
Shares of the company fell as much as 22.3 percent to C$1.29 in morning trading, after the publisher of the Toronto Star and a string of other titles also said it would cut 110 jobs to curb spending.
Torstar, like many other publishers, has struggled to offset the steady defection of advertisers from newspapers to social media and search websites such as Google.
Torstar said print advertising revenue fell 19 percent in the first quarter ended March 31.
Revenue from digital ventures dipped 4 percent, but Torstar said digital revenue growth was "strong" in its majority-owned VerticalScope unit, and also benefited from advertising on community websites at its Metroland business.
Torstar said expenses related to salaries fell 15 percent, while other operating costs declined nearly 9 percent, indicating that its cost-cutting efforts were paying off.
Cost reduction would remain an "important area of focus" for the rest of the year, the company said.
Torstar said net loss attributable to shareholders narrowed to C$24.4 million ($17.7 million), or 30 Canadian cents per share, from C$53.5 million, or 66 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
Restructuring and other charges were C$4.9 million in the quarter, compared with C$31.8 million a year earlier.
Excluding items, the company lost 22 Canadian cents per share, missing analysts' average estimate of 13 Canadian cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue fell 11.5 percent to C$138.6 million.
(Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
LONDON, April 29 North Korea's decision to test-fire a ballistic missile represents a grave threat to Japan, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in London on Saturday.
North Korea test-fired a missile shortly after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that failure to curb Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programmes could lead to "catastrophic consequences".
"Despite strong warnings by the international community, North Korea today went through its ballistic missile launch. It is a grave threat to our country. This is absolutely not acceptable. We strongly condemn such acts," Abe told reporters in London. (Reporting by William James and Alistair Smout, editing by Guy Faulconbridge)
CAIRO, April 2 Average yields on Egypt's three-month rose while the yield on nine-month treasury bills were stable at an auction on Sunday, data from the central bank showed.
Yields on the three-month bills rose to an average of 19.418 percent from 19.375 percent at the most recent similar auction.
Yields on the nine-month bills were stable at19.178 percent. (Reporting by Asma Alsharif Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
(Adds comments on healthcare overhaul)
WASHINGTON, April 20 The Trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon and expects it will be approved by Congress this year whether a healthcare overhaul happens or not, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday.
"It will be soon, very soon," Mnuchin told a conference on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
Mnuchin said the Treasury was working on tax reform options "day and night" but he gave few specifics. "It will be sweeping, it will be significant and it will create a lot of economic growth," he said.
President Donald Trump campaigned on promises to lower taxes and boost economic growth. Trump, who took office in January, suffered a setback last month when the Republican-controlled Congress pulled a proposal to overhaul health care rules that would have generated savings for public coffers.
Trump has since said the administration will continue trying to replace health care legislation enacted by his predecessor, Barack Obama, though Mnuchin said tax reform will move forward even if health laws stay the same.
"Whether health care gets done or health care doesn't get done, we're going to get tax reform done," he said,
Trump's tax plan would lower rates but most of the revenue lost under that plank of the reform would be gained back by boosting economic growth, Mnuchin said. "The plan will pay for itself with growth." (Reporting by Jason Lange and Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
April 28 Facts and figures ahead of Sunday's Premier League match between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal at White Hart Lane. Head-to-head (Last 10 matches) Arsenal 1-1 Tottenham (Premier League, November 2016) Tottenham 2-2 Arsenal (Premier League, March 2016) Arsenal 1-1 Tottenham (Premier League, November 2015) Tottenham 1-2 Arsenal (League Cup, September 2015) Tottenham 2-1 Arsenal (Premier League, February 2015) Arsenal 1-1 Tottenham (Premier League, September 2014) Tottenham 0-1 Arsenal (Premier League, March 2014) Arsenal 2-0 Tottenham (FA Cup, January 2014) Arsenal 1-0 Tottenham (Premier League, September 2013) Tottenham 2-1 Arsenal (Premier League, March 2013) Premier League form guide (Last five matches) Tottenham - W W W W W Arsenal - D W L W W Betting odds (supplied by William Hill): 17/20 Tottenham to win 16/5 Arsenal to win 14/5 Match to end in a draw Correct score: Tottenham: 10/1 1-0; 11/1 2-0; 15/2 2-1; 16/1 3-0; 12/1 3-1; 18/1 3-2 Arsenal: 14/1 1-0; 25/1 2-0; 11/1 2-1; 50/1 3-0; 3-1 25/1; 28/1 3-2 Draw: 16/1 0-0; 15/2 1-1; 12/1 2-2; 40/1 3-3 First scorer: 7/2 Harry Kane; 5/1 Dele Alli; 11/2 Alexis Sanchez; 11/2 Son Heung-min; 13/2 Olivier Giroud; 6/1 Vincent Janssen; 7/1 Danny Welbeck; 9/1 Christian Eriksen; 10/1 BAR Also: 5/2 Dele Alli to score and Tottenham to win 8/1 Mesut Ozil to score and Arsenal to win (Compiled by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 13 Warrior Met Coal Inc:
* Warrior Met Coal Inc shares open at $17.50 in debut, below IPO price of $19.00 per share Further company coverage:
April 6 Factbox on Pakistan test captain Misbah-ul-Haq, who will quit international cricket after three-test series in West Indies beginning later this month.
* Born: May 28, 1974, Mianwali, Pakistan.
* Made his test debut against New Zealand in 2001, scoring 28 and 10 in Auckland.
* He went on to play 72 tests for Pakistan and scored 4951 runs with a 45-plus average, hitting 10 centuries and 36 fifties.
* He was appointed as test captain ahead of two-test series against South Africa at Abu Dhabi in 2010 after predecessor Salman Butt was suspended and later jailed on spot-fixing charges.
* He is also Pakistan's most successful test captain, having led the side to 24 wins in 53 matches. Pakistan, for the first time, also occupied top test rankings last year under his captaincy.
* The top order batsman also played 162 One-day internationals and 39 Twenty20 internationals before retiring from the limited-over formats after the 2015 ODI World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.
* Scored an unbeaten 161 against India in 2007 at Kolkata to save the follow-on and draw the test match.
* He was named one of Wisden's five Cricketers of the Year on Wednesday along with compatriot Younis Khan and English trio Ben Duckett, Chris Woakes and Toby Roland-Jones.
* He recorded a 56-ball hundred against Australia in 2014 -- then the joint fastest a hundred in Tests, sharing the record with Viv Richards.
* He registered 10 test series wins as a captain, which is the most by an Asian skipper. The next best among Pakistan captains is eight by Javed Miandad. (Compiled by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
LONDON, April 20 British hedge fund firm Man Group said on Thursday that net inflows, positive market moves and flows related to a recent acquisition helped funds under management rise 10 percent in the first quarter.
Total assets under management at the end of March were $88.7 billion, up from $80.9 billion at the end of December, the world's largest listed hedge fund said in a statement.
"We came into the year with a good pipeline of interest from clients, and that has resulted in net inflows of $3 billion in the first three months," said Luke Ellis, Man Group Chief Executive. (Reporting by Maiya Keidan; editing by Simon Jessop)
May 3 Marine Harvest Asa:
* Says it is exercising a right to redeem a EUR 375 million, five year convertible bond issued in 2014 and maturing on 6 May 2019 (ISIN NO 001 0710395) at par value plus accrued interest
* Says has notified the trustee for the convertible bond, Nordic Trustee ASA, that clause 10.2 in the loan agreement has been fulfilled as the Marine Harvest share price for at least twenty days out of a period of thirty consecutive trading days has exceeded 130 per cent of the current conversion price of the bonds
* Says the loan agreement provides the bondholders the period up to and including 11 May 2017 to convert their bonds into shares
* The remaining outstanding loan amount is EUR 353.9 million and the current conversion price is EUR 9.3458 per share.
* Says if bondholders decide to convert all remaining bonds into shares, Marine Harvest will issue about 37.9 million new shares. Bonds that are not converted into shares will be redeemed at par value plus accrued interest on 6 June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Joachim Dagenborg)
April 28 Jiangsu Yanghe Brewery Joint-Stock Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 10 percent to 15 percent, or to be 3.77 billion yuan to 3.94 billion yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (3.42 billion yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of liquor business is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/1iocXv
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
* Q1 adj EBIT around 1.2 bln euros vs poll avg 1.14 bln
* Q1 sales up 11.7 pct at 11 bln eur vs poll avg 10.6 bln
* Sticks with aim for 2017 adj EBIT margin above 10.5 pct (Recasts, adds Q1 sales and margin figures)
FRANKFURT, April 28 German automotive supplier Continental said it expected to comfortably reach its financial targets for 2017 after its underlying earnings rose faster than expected in the first quarter.
"Continental made a very good start to the new fiscal year in a volatile environment," Chief Executive Elmar Degenhart said in the statement on Friday, as the group published key quarterly figures ahead of its annual general meeting in Hanover, Germany.
Its adjusted operating profit (EBIT) rose around 10 percent to about 1.2 billion euros ($1.3 billion) in the three months through March, beating the consensus forecast of 1.14 billion in a Reuters poll of analysts.
Revenues were up almost 12 percent at 11 billion euros, also beating consensus, and the margin stood at 10.7 percent.
Continental, which makes driver-assistance technology, fuel-injection systems and vehicle tyres, has said it aims to raise annual sales by more than 6 percent to over 43 billion euros this year, despite rising raw material price, with a margin on adjusted operating profit of more than 10.5 percent.
The group is bolstering its electronics expertise as carmakers including Volkswagen and Ford raise spending on battery-powered and driverless cars in response to tougher anti-pollution rules and the emergence of new rivals such as Google.
On Tuesday, Continental said it plans to invest an extra 300 million euros in electric drives by 2021 in a move that may generate an additional 2 billion euros in sales by 2025.
Continental is due to publish full first-quarter earnings on May 9.
($1 = 0.9200 euros) (Reporting by Andreas Cremer and Maria Sheahan; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jordan Spieth tees off on the third hole during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Reuters) - Jordan Spieth acknowledged after the second round of the PGA Championship that it will take some "crazy stuff" for him to complete the career grand slam on Sunday.
After speaking so positively ahead of the final major of the year, Spieth's challenge never left the launch pad over the first 36 holes at Quail Hollow.
Eleven strokes behind at three-over 145, he will almost certainly have to wait another year to have an opportunity to complete the grand slam of all four modern majors.
His putting let him down in the first round, while on Friday he played too conservatively down the stretch in relatively easy late-afternoon conditions, after rain had taken the sting out of the greens.
"I kind of accept the fact that I'm essentially out of this tournament pending some form of crazy stuff the next couple of days," he said after a one-birdie 73.
"I'm sure going to give it a try."
Aug 11, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Jordan Spieth looks at the green on the second green during the second round of the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club. Mandatory Credit: Michael Madrid-USA TODAY Sports
He was frustrated with himself for playing away from danger over the final stretch of holes where water comes into play.
"I'm a little upset at the bailing out I did on a couple of shots. Just no reason to bail out on those at this point in the position I was in."
Asked if he had a score in mind over the weekend, he said "54 would be nice" before adding more seriously that he would just go as low as he could.
Pre-tournament favourite Rory McIlroy is also all but out of contention, 10 strokes behind after being on the harder side of the draw, late on Thursday and early Friday, before the rain.
"I feel like I'm still right there in the tournament," he said, speaking before Hideki Matsuyama had carded 64 to join Kevin Kisner in the lead at eight-under.
McIlroy is a two-time winner at Quail Hollow.
* APRA limits new interest-only lending to 30 pct vs 40 earlier
* Banks to limit investor lending to "comfortably below" 10 pct
* More steps needed to combat housing mania - analysts
* Quality of bank lending "high" - ABA (Adds details, background)
By Wayne Cole and Swati Pandey
SYDNEY, March 31 Australia's banking watchdog on Friday launched a new salvo in its battle against speculative home lending and explosive house prices, though analysts were far from convinced the war was yet won.
The Australian Prudential Regulatory Authority (APRA) asked banks to limit new interest-only lending to 30 percent of total new residential mortgage lending, from 40 percent now. It also demanded that banks limit investor credit to "comfortably remain below" a previously-set cap of 10 percent annual growth.
The measures come as regulators grow increasingly worried about a run-up in borrowing at a time when household debt is already at record highs and could weigh on consumer spending power - risking a damaging pullback in home prices.
But industry players say more stringent measures are needed to cool the red-hot market.
"This is not a hard change to the target as had been mooted recently in the press (with) some suggesting the 10 percent limit could be as much as halved," said Bill Evans, chief economist at Westpac Banking Corp.
Westpac is Australia's No.2 mortgage lender after Commonwealth Bank.
"Looking ahead, the Reserve Bank of Australia's (RBA) Stability Review on April 13 may provide more clarity on the macro prudential policy outlook and potential triggers for further action," Evans noted.
Behind-the-scenes pressure from the regulators has already prompted the major banks to lift borrowing costs on a range of home loans for investors, and even owner-occupiers.
"Another potential area would be to lower that investor lending growth rate. Ten percent is still a fairly high clip," said Phil Miall, head of credit research and strategy at Brisbane-based QIC, which has A$74 billion of assets under management.
"If they want to get more aggressive they could look at risk weights...and that would force banks to hold more capital against those particular loan types."
Home prices have surged in Sydney and Melbourne in recent months, with annual growth reaching almost 20 percent in Sydney according to property consultant CoreLogic.
Mortgage lending is a staple for Australia's "Big Four" banks which depend on home loans for 40-60 percent of their revenue.
The Australian Bankers' Association said the quality of bank lending was high. Borrowing with loan-to-value ratio (LVR) of 90 percent or more was at record low levels while the proportion of new interest-only home loans had "declined significantly" over the past two years, it said.
Interest-only loans were singled out for special attention because they are favoured by speculators for their tax advantages.
"APRA views a higher proportion of interest-only lending in the current environment to be indicative of a higher risk profile," APRA Chair Wayne Byres said in Friday's statement.
The watchdog said it might impose added restrictions on banks should the proportion of new interest-only mortgages exceed 30 percent of total new home-loan lending.
Analysts noted APRA's latest steps were not as bold as in New Zealand where regulators slapped strict LVR limits on banks in an attempt to cool prices in the largest city of Auckland.
"Overall, we see the measures as erring to the softer end of expectations," said Michael Turner, a fixed income strategist at RBC Capital Markets.
"Relative to the earlier measures, we doubt that the impact will be as large, although it is still reasonable to expect some slowing in investor activity through 2017 given declining rental yields, increasing mortgaging rates, and oncoming supply." (Additional reporting by Jamie Freed and Cecile Lefort; Editing by Eric Meijer)
March 28 PPL Corp
* Is expected to reaffirm its previously announced 2017 earnings forecast of $2.05 to $2.25 per share
* Expected to reaffirm its previously announced 2017 compound annual earnings per share growth rate of 5% to 6% from 2017 to 2020
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.16 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on himself
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting himself as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
April 3 Air Transport Services Group Inc :
* ATSG's bank credit facility expands to support fleet growth
* It has obtained lender commitments for a one-year extension through May 2022 of its secured credit facility
* Air transport services group - amendment to co's agreements with consortium of banks increases revolving credit portion of facility by $120 million
* Amendment preserves ATSG's access to a $100 million accordion feature, subject to lender consent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
BALTIMORE (WCMH) — A “strange odor” at a Baltimore high school that prompted an evacuation turned out to be the scent of pumpkin spice.
The school evacuated around 2:30pm Thursday after students reported smelling a strange odor, sources report. Fire officials say the irritant was, in fact, a pumpkin spice air freshener.
The school's president told sources the odor may have been a burned-out light bulb.
Officials said two students and three adults were taken to hospitals with unknown injuries, and dozens of students were triaged at the scene.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
By Theopolis Waters CHICAGO, April 5 Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures gained modestly on Wednesday, aided by their discounts to this week's cash price expectations, said traders. They said sufficient supplies and seasonally tepid wholesale beef demand capped market advances. April live cattle closed up 0.050 cent per pound to 118.275 cents, and June up 0.125 cent to 109.425 cents. Investors are unsure what to do, given possibly lower cash prices while futures remain at a discount to those potential cash returns, said JRS Consulting owner Jack Salzsieder. The lack of animal sales at Wednesday morning's Fed Cattle Exchange reflected lack of packer interest in purchasing cattle at higher prices. Nebraska packers responded by lowering bids for market-ready, or cash, cattle from $124 to $122 per cwt with no response from sellers. Kansas bids held at $125 against $130 asking prices there and in Texas. Last week most of the cash cattle in the U.S. Plains brought $128 to $130 per cwt. There are more cattle for sale than last week and packers have at their disposal a huge number of animals contracted against the futures market. Two packing plants are scheduled to be offline later this week for maintenance. Negative packer profits will also discourage them from bidding up for supplies. Wednesday afternoon's average wholesale beef price slumped $1.98 per cwt to $209.71 from Tuesday. Select cuts were up 12 cents to $200.51, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said. CME feeder cattle were pressured by lower cash feeder cattle prices, but supported by slight live cattle market gains. April feeder cattle closed 0.500 cent per pound lower at 130.525 cents, and May up 0.125 cent to 130.425 cents. UNEVEN HOG MARKET SETTLEMENT Bearish market fundamentals pressured CME April lean hogs and prompted investors to sell that contract and simultaneously buy deferred months, said traders. April hogs ended down 0.050 cent per pound to 63.625 cents, and May closed up 0.175 cent to 68.350 cents. A seasonal supply bump has pressured cash prices and could drag down wholesale pork values in the coming weeks, said traders and analysts. Wednesday afternoon's average cash hog price in Iowa/Minnesota at $60.94 per cwt declined 23 cents from Tuesday, the USDA said. U.S. government data on Wednesday afternoon showed the average wholesale pork price at $74.87 per cwt, down 63 cents from Tuesday. USDA estimated Monday through Wednesday's total hog slaughter at 1.333 million head, 34,000 more than a year ago. (Reporting by Theopolis Waters; Editing by James Dalgleish)
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
* Shares set for biggest weekly drop since late 2016
* BAML indicator triggers sell signal for risk assets
* Euro near multi-year peaks on yen, dollar
* Bond yields spike as inflation expectations flare
* BOJ offers to buy unlimited bonds to stop yields rising
* Bitcoin tumbles further from December's record high
By Ritvik Carvalho
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - World stocks were set to post their biggest weekly drop since late 2016 on Friday, as talk of central bank policy tightening and expectations of higher inflation boosted borrowing costs globally, a move that sparked a sell-off in shares.
The MSCI world equity index, which tracks shares in 47 countries, was down 0.4 percent. The index was set to snap its longest winning streak since 1999 - 10 weeks of gains - and record its biggest weekly loss since November 2016.
The yield on the 10-year U.S. Treasury jumped to more than 2.8 percent, its highest level since early 2014. That markedly steepened the yield curve and squeezed out investors who had feverishly bet on a tighter spread between longer-dated and short-dated yields.
Global central banks have recently struck a more hawkish tone, with impressive economic data and buoyant oil prices driving up long-term inflation expectations.
The European Central Bank, for one, is widely expected to end its asset-purchase programme as early as September. That has pushed five-year German Bund yields above zero for the first time since 2015. UK gilt prices also cheapened significantly.
The Bank of Japan did its best to stem the rise in borrowing costs, stepping into the market on Friday with a promise to buy as many bonds as it would take to keep yields low.
Some investors have also grown wary of the global equity bull run. Bank of America Merrill-Lynch's indicator of market sentiment hit a “sell” signal pointing to a downturn for risk assets, the bank's strategists said on Friday.
“If you look at a variety of indicators, it looks like we have swung to levels of extreme bullishness. We have seen substantial inflows,” said Paul ‘O Connor, head of UK-based Janus Henderson's multi-asset team.
“We have seen consensus crowding into the long equity trade so actually we have begun to fade the move and take some equity risk off in the last few weeks.”
In currencies, after initially failing to get a boost from the pickup in U.S. Treasury yields, the dollar index had inched up 0.2 percent by noon in Europe. Still, the index, which measures the greenback against a basket of peers, was not far above its lowest levels in three years.
“Bond investors are selling out of U.S. treasuries and at the same time liquidating out of their long U.S. dollar positions,” Nordea Markets Chief Analyst Niels Christensen said, explaining why the dollar had failed to gain on the spike in U.S. treasury yields.
He described the turnaround on Friday for the dollar as led by “some profit taking ahead of the US jobs numbers” and a small move.
The United States is witnessing deep partisan political divisions and intra-party squabbles with lawmakers unable to find common ground on most issues. The federal government shut down last month for three days when Republicans and Democrats failed to strike a deal to fund public operations.
Investors now await January's U.S. nonfarm payrolls report for clues on the strength of the labour market.
Nonfarm payrolls probably rose by 180,000 jobs last month after increasing 148,000 in December, according to a Reuters survey of economists. The unemployment rate is forecast to be unchanged at a 17-year low of 4.1 percent.
Bitcoin, the world's biggest cryptocurrency, continued to tumble after hitting a record high $19,666 in December on the Bitstamp exchange. It was last down 13 percent at a more than two-month trough of $7,830.
UNEASE IN EQUITIES
European shares were set for their biggest weekly loss in six months as a slump in Deutsche Bank on a disappointing update dragged the heavyweight banking sector lower after a strong start to the year.
A more than 5 percent drop in shares of the German lender and losses in most sectors dragged the pan-European STOXX 600 .STOXX index down 1 percent, set for its fifth straight session of declines. Germany's DAX fell 1.2 percent and the UK's FTSE dropped 0.4 percent.
The STOXX is down 2.6 percent so far this week, its biggest weekly loss since August.
Asian shares stumbled, with Korean and Japanese benchmark indices falling 1.7 percent and 0.9 percent respectively. .
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipped 0.3 percent and away from a record high.
Wall Street futures indicated a open in the red.
In commodities, gold hovered near a six-month peak at $1,344.51 an ounce.
Oil rose after a survey showed strong compliance with output cuts by OPEC and others including Russia, offsetting concerns about surging U.S. production.
U.S. crude fell 0.1 percent to $65.73 per barrel and Brent fell 0.3 percent to $69.42.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Haima Automobile Group Co Ltd:
* SAYS IT SOLD 10,573 VEHICLES IN JAN, DOWN 51.06 PERCENT Y/Y Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2nAmE3H Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Cow farm houses at a Huishan Dairy farm no longer in operation are seen in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jake Spring
Cow farm houses of Huishan Dairy are seen in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jake Spring
Gate of a Huishan Dairy farm is seen in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jake Spring
Cows are seen at farm houses at an independent dairy farm in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Jake Spring
ZHANGWU, China The crisis at Huishan Dairy, one of China's biggest dairy companies, is a stark reminder of what can lurk in the dark corners of corporate China, where rapid growth can go hand in hand with tangled finances and heavy debt.
China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd (6863.HK) embraced what its executives called "innovative financing", from the sale and leaseback of its cows, to selling wealth management products for rich investors - financial antics that seem incongruous with the dusty fields, tin-roofed sheds and plastic greenhouses of Zhangwu county in northeast China.
Now it is battling swollen liabilities, a short-term debt squeeze and considerable unwanted attention. After a late 2016 short-selling attack, it saw an 85 percent drop in its shares in a single day last month, wiping $4 billion off its value and triggering a stock suspension.
It has reported a key finance executive missing.
Its misfortunes are a reminder that even as banks' bad debt numbers stabilise, there remain many question marks over the quality of their balance sheets. Those exposed to Huishan include Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (601398.SS), Agricultural Bank of China (601288.SS), regional lenders, leasing companies and online loans firms.
"When you move down to the local lenders in less developed provinces and counties, there could be hundreds and thousands of similar cases to Huishan, albeit at a smaller scale," said Shawlin Chaw, Control Risks analyst focused on Greater China.
MISSED PAYMENTS
In 2013, retail investors flocked to Huishan's $1.3 billion (£1.04 billion) Hong Kong listing, which was priced at the top of its forecast range.
The provincial government was vocal in its support.
"Next year, we can all go to work at Huishan Dairy!" Liaoning government slogans proclaimed, in reference to the promised creation of tens of thousands of local jobs.
Now that Huishan has missed debt payments, that same government has brokered meetings between the dairy and its 23 creditor banks, including big names such as Bank of China Ltd (601988.SS), AgBank and Ping An Bank Co Ltd (000001.SZ).
Local officials declined to comment for this story.
Falling milk prices and rising feed costs had caused problems for the region, local farmers said.
"This year is the worst I've seen for the dairy cattle industry," said Shan Jiawu, a dairy farmer in Zhangwu, who has been in the business for over a decade.
Around the county where Huishan has dozens of farms, guards at two of three operations visited by Reuters said the farms were functioning normally, though reporters were not allowed in. A third was shut.
"All the company's operational activities are being carried out in an orderly manner. I believe we will quickly solve the problems we are currently facing," said an official in Huishan's publicity department.
Huishan's latest official statement, issued late on Friday, said it would need more time to verify its financial position.
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING
Huishan has been open about its creative finances.
In November it pledged 40,000 dairy cows to a financial leasing firm for a 750 million yuan (£87.26 million) loan, the second such deal it attempted. It said it would repay in 10 instalments from May.
Its accounts indicate it sold wealth management products.
China's banking regulator, CBRC, did not comment.
Its top shareholder Champ Harvest, controlled by Huishan chairman Yang Kai, pledged nearly all the shares it owns to secure loans and margin financing.
Huishan's accounts paint a picture of accumulating short-term loans and a deteriorating current ratio that indicates its liabilities are larger than its assets.
Last year, finance executive Ge Kun, in charge of treasury functions and cash, said the company, fresh from the cow leasing deal, would consider adopting "innovative tools in the future".
She is now missing.
Ge, who managed relationships with Huishan's banks, was named a "model worker" by the provincial capital in 2012 and a year later was a representative for the district People's Congress, according to Huishan's IPO prospectus.
But Huishan said she was suffering from work stress, would take a leave of absence and did not wish to be contacted. It has now filed a missing person report in Hong Kong.
Reuters' attempts to contact Ge, including a visit to a listed address for her in Shenyang, were unsuccessful.
"If similar stories are anything to go by, it is likely that the stock will remain suspended, and the issue is unlikely to be resolved for a long time," said Robert Medd, forensic accountant at Bucephalus Research.
For some in Zhangwu, such problems seem outlandishly remote.
"As long as they have good products and we can sell like normal, that's OK," said Bi Junkui, 45, a wholesaler of Huishan products in Zhangwu's main town.
"If the bosses lose so much money, it's not my business."
(Reporting by Jake Spring; Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI, Umesh Desai and Elzio Barreto in HONG KONG, and by SHANGHAI and BEIJING newsrooms; Writing by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Will Waterman)
May 3 Black Knight Financial Services Inc :
* Black Knight Financial Services reports first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.30
* Q1 earnings per share $0.18
* Q1 revenue $258.1 million versus I/B/E/S view $256.4 million
* Sees FY 2017 adjusted earnings per share $1.34 to $1.38
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.30 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Black Knight Financial Services Inc sees 2017 revenues and adjusted revenues growth are expected to be in range of 3% to 5%
* Black Knight Financial Services Inc - adjusted net earnings per share is expected to be in range of $1.34 to $1.38 for 2017
* Black Knight Financial Services Inc - adjusted EBITDA growth is expected to be in range of 10% to 12% for 2017
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $1.34, revenue view $1.08 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the third practice session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas of Finland drives during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain drives in the pit lane during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Yuri Kochetkov/Pool
SOCHI, Russia Formula One champions Mercedes were facing the prospect of a third defeat in four races after Ferrari ended two of the team's longest sequences of success at the Russian Grand Prix on Saturday.
For the first time in 31 races, since Singapore in September 2015, grand prix fans will see a starting grid without a Mercedes on the front row.
Germany's four-times world champion Sebastian Vettel, on pole, and Finnish teammate Kimi Raikkonen gave Ferrari their first front-row lockout since 2008 and ended Mercedes's run of 18 successive pole positions.
On Sunday, the Mercedes boast that they have led every lap of every race in Sochi since the first in 2014 also looks destined to disappear.
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff, whose team have won both championships for the past three years, said it had been bound to happen eventually.
"We had so many pole positions, so many front-row lockouts, 52 race victories (in 62 grands prix) in three years and we knew at a certain stage it's going to change," the Austrian told reporters.
"Now this is exactly the challenge that we embrace. Every series ends. You cannot win forever, as much as we would love that."
Valtteri Bottas, the Finn who joined Mercedes in January as replacement for the now-retired 2016 world champion Nico Rosberg, qualified third with triple world champion Lewis Hamilton fourth.
Hamilton, who started the first two races of the season on pole and is seven points behind Vettel, looked strangely error-prone as he struggled with an unusually skittish car.
With Mercedes enjoying one-lap supremacy in qualifying up to now, but Ferrari impressive over the race distance, the champions are up against it.
"We have seen that they have been very strong on race pace in these last races," said Wolff.
"We will do whatever is in our hands to win the race but it's going to be very difficult... Ferrari have done a very good job over the winter and it's just the two teams that are miles ahead of everybody else," he added.
"Now we just need to be rigorous in the analysis of what's missing, put the dots together and out-develop Ferrari throughout the season. And this is not easy because they are a fierce competitor."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
The energy and utility sector is thriving as more and more people tend to use advanced devices that consume ample of power.
Contact
Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
***@ecosmob.com Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
End
-- Both energy-producer and distributor companies have recorded a significant growth in business in the recent times. But then, the entrepreneurs remain edgy about security concerns and establishing a real-time connectivity with the employees. Video conferencing can serve these objectives while offering a seamless collaboration and communication with all the associates, stakeholders, and employees anytime.FreeSWITCHService, a leading VoIP service provider and a subsidiary of Ecosmob Technologies Private Limited, has recently announced adesigned for the energy and utility sector. A spokesman at FreeSWITCHService disclosed the company's objective behind offering customized video conferencing solution for the energy and utility sector with these words: " At FreeSWITCHService, we are committed to offering a 360-degree conferencing solution to our global clientele. In our endeavor of providing feature-rich and seamlessly performing video conferencing solution across various industry sectors, we have come across some of the unique business communication-based requirements of an energy and utility sector. We develop tailoredthat can readily meet their requirements and facilitate the energy companies to offer more efficient and targeted services. For example, tens of hundreds of workers are stationed on different oil rigs across the world. Video conferencing is the only way to manage both daily workflow and crisis situation in remotely located oil rigs. We offer reliable and HD quality videos that help energy companies manage every aspect of their high-risk, high-value business." He concluded.FreeSWITCHService offers excellent solutions in conferencing, SBC, and IVR domains while contributing in establishing unified communication system at the workplace. The company has served the global clientele with quality VoIP solutions at competitive rates.A technical head at Ecosmob Technologies revealed the importance wcj and benefits of bespokedeveloped and designed categorically for the energy and utility sector with these words: " A crew's life at oil rig is way riskier than we imagine as they work on a remotely-located offshore place. They require accurate and timely medical care in the case of emergency. Similarly, windmills and pipelines located at remote places also require a real-time monitoring and collaboration. In brief, from monitoring to maintenance and collaborating to crisis management, the energy producer and distributor companies witness a plenty of challenges on a daily basis. Our expert team of developers at FreeSWITCHService can address all these challenges efficiently while developing competent conferencing solutions for the energy firms. They develop highly scalable and easy-to-useusing the robust FreeSWITCH platform at competitive rates. The solution is easy-to-deploy and offers security through IP VPN deployment options, SOC 2 verification, and encryption methods. Energy firms can leverage all the benefits of video conferencing with FreeSWITCH-based customized solutions designed by FreeSWITCHService company." He concluded.Get more information about customizedby visiting the page ( https://www.freeswitchservice.com/ solutions/freeswitchcon... ) of FreeSWITCHService.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Investors cautious ahead of Trump-Xi meeting * Market awaits U.S. non-farm payroll data on Friday * Palladium drifts from March 2015 highs hit in prior session (Updates prices, market comment; adds byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Chris Prentice and Eric Onstad NEW YORK/LONDON, April 6 Gold edged lower on Thursday, pressured by a firmer dollar on the back of upbeat U.S. unemployment data and as some investors sold to redeem profits after bullion's recent advance. Spot gold was down 0.24 percent at $1,251.76 ounce by 2:42 p.m. EDT (1836 GMT), retreating from an overnight peak of $1,258.96. The most active U.S. gold futures for June delivery settled up $4.8, or 0.38 percent, at $1,253.30 per ounce after climbing as much as 1 percent to $1,260.90. "The slight uptick in the dollar and some profit taking after the move late yesterday is probably bringing in that bit of weakness," said Jonathan Butler, commodities analyst at Mitsubishi in London. The dollar index extended gains after data showed new applications for U.S. unemployment benefits last week recorded their biggest drop in nearly two years. Those claims, however, will have no bearing on March U.S. non-farm payrolls data on Friday, which analysts say could be key for short-term direction of the gold market. "Now, we're just waiting for the next data point: the jobs number," said Phillip Streible, senior commodities broker for RJO Futures in Chicago. "Gold futures may get hit right out of the gate and try to find their way back to this key psychological level around $1,250 (per ounce)." According to a Reuters survey of economists, non-farm payrolls likely increased by 180,000 jobs last month after rising 235,000 in February. Investors were also cautious ahead of the meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping due later on Thursday, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. Topping the agenda at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida will be whether he makes good on his threat to use U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in its nuclear-armed neighbour North Korea. Spot gold hit $1,261.15 on Tuesday, its highest since Feb. 27, but has failed to breach a key 200-day moving average of $1,258. Spot silver dropped 0.44 percent to $18.19 an ounce. Platinum was down 0.86 percent at $951.24, while palladium fell 0.38 percent to $801.97. It hit a more than two-year high of $815.70 in the prior session, surging nearly a fifth this year. "Palladium has had quite a remarkable run and overall we're still positive since it has the strongest fundamentals of any of the precious metals. We're going to see another fairly sizeable deficit this year," Mitsubishi's Butler said. (Additional reporting By Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; editing by David Evans and Chizu Nomiyama)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BEIJING, April 12 China's embattled power companies may receive a long-sought reprieve from rising coal prices after the country's state planner ordered miners to increase the share of supplies sold through lower-priced long-term contracts.
The National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), in an April 7 document, ordered coal companies and utilities to fix 75 percent of their total coal purchases through long-term contracts by April 30, up from the current 60 percent, three power utility officials who received the notice said this week.
Chinese thermal coal futures have rallied nearly 25 percent this year, hitting a record high of 648.60 yuan ($94.11) per tonne in March. Prices are surging on falling domestic supply as China's government clamped down on illegal mining and required miners to shut production as way to combat pollution and overcapacity.
Requiring miners to commit to larger long-term volumes would reduce costs for China's electric utilities, which have suffered mounting losses in recent months as coal prices have climbed.
For the miners, the results are more mixed. Shifting to long-term contracts, they will sell less supply at higher spot prices. However, they do lock in sales for a majority of their output near the high prices and gain firm outlets for their supply.
"We would love to sign more long-term contracts with utilities, but the problem is coal producers do not have enough supply to sign with us," a senior manager with China Datang Group told Reuters.
"The utilities sector has turned unprofitable since October 2016. We expect power companies to make a total loss of more than 100 bln yuan due to the high cost of coal," he said.
Another source at China's Huaneng Group said they have arranged meetings with coal miners, trying to secure more supply before the NDRC deadline.
Following a surge in coal prices last year, Beijing capped long-term thermal coal prices at 535 yuan per tonne for big utilities from Dec. 1 - well below the spot market at the time. Long-term contract prices were then adjusted gradually every month, but remain at a 40 yuan per tonne discount to current spot prices.
HARSH PUNISHMENT
In the document reviewed by Reuters, the NDRC said it will penalize any suppliers or utilities who do not comply with the deal terms.
Coal producers that default on more than 10 percent of supplies for a contract and do not have at least 75 percent of their sales through long-term contracts by April 30 will be charged higher power prices.
Power companies that fail to take more than 10 percent of their contracted supply under a long-term contract and do not secure 75 percent of their supply on a long-term basis will receive lower subsidies on power prices.
In addition, power companies that fail to reach the target will be restricted in the direct power trading scheme.
The NDRC did not reply to Reuters inquiry for comments.
Spot coal prices for delivery to the Chinese port of Qinhuangdao were $102.20 a tonne on April 3, according to reporting service McCloskey. CO-FOBQHG-CN
($1 = 6.8918 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Meng Meng and Aizhu Chen; Editing by Christian Schmollinger)
March 28 Advanced Vision Technology Avt Ltd:
* Aadvanced Vision Technology Ltd.: reports a 11.2 percent increase in revenues for 2016 over 2015; generated $57.3 million in revenue in 2016, compared to $51.5 million in 2015
* Net income for 2016 increased by 48.8 percent over 2015
* Operating profit for 2016 increased by 22.3 percent over 2015; operating income in 2016 totaled $5.0 million, compared to $4.1 million in 2015
* 16.4 percent increase in revenues for Q4 2016 over Q4 2015
* New order booking in 2016 totaled $63.5 million compared with $57.6 million in 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 3 Australian shares extended their fall from the previous session as telecom, financial and basic material stocks declined, while investors also remained watchful of the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy meeting outcome.
The S&P/ASX 200 index was down 59.865 points, or 1.01 percent, to 5,890.5 at 0320 GMT. The benchmark had fallen 0.1 percent on Tuesday.
The Federal Reserve is expected to hold interest rates steady at its two-day policy meeting.
The losses on the benchmark were led by the telecom sector which saw Vocus Group fall as much as nearly 30 percent, its biggest intraday slide since March 2001, after it cut its forecast for the 2017 financial year.
In the financial sector, the 'Big Four' banks were down between 1.2 percent and 2.4 percent.
Australia's central bank held rates steady for a ninth straight month on Tuesday, as it balanced the risk of rising household debt against subdued inflation and wages growth.
"As far as inflation is concerned, it's back in the band, so there is very little chance of a rate cut coming. It's more likely that next year there's going to be a rate rise," said Mathan Somasundaram, market portfolio strategist at Blue Ocean Equities.
In the context of such an outlook, banks may find it hard to grow as households may exercise some frugality, he adds.
Financial stocks were also lower than sentiment, soured by ANZ's half-year results miss in the previous session, kept investors sceptical ahead of National Australia Bank's half-year results due in the next session.
The basic material sector was pulled lower than BHP Billiton , Rio Tinto and Fortescue Metals fell between 0.7 percent and 2.4 percent.
"Commodities have been falling for a bit now and will be continuing (to do so). We have seen weaker numbers out of the U.S. and out of China, compared with expectations which is probably playing into it."
Factory activity in the United States and China eased in April, with the latter slowing to its weakest in seven months.
Shares of Woolworth were down as much as 2.6 percent, the biggest intraday fall in more-than a month, after two gaining days. The stock rose as much as 2.5 percent in the previous session after posting strong quarterly sales numbers.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index snapped seven sessions of gains, falling 0.15 percent, or 11.17 points to 7,411.32.
Financial sector lost as Australian and New Zealand Banking Group's continued fall at 2.9 percent, pulled others in the sector lower.
For more individual stocks activity click on
(Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Rushil Dutta; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
LONDON British new car registrations rose to a record high in March as customers brought forward purchases to beat an April tax rise, a car industry body said, overcoming expectations of a slump after two years of record highs.
New car sales rose 8.4 percent last month to 562,337, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said, despite forecasts that demand would fail to surpass recent years of booming sales and be hit by Brexit.
Some consumers and businesses sought to avoid paying an increase in excise duty which came into force from April 1 for the most polluting vehicles, the SMMT said, adding it expected demand to fall in the next few months.
"This bumper performance probably means we will see a slowdown in April," said SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes. March, generally the top-selling month of the year, is one of only two occasions when new licence plates are issued.
"Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we still expect the market to cool only slightly given broader political uncertainties as there are still attractive deals on offer."
Demand for diesel cars rose only 1.6 percent compared with a more than 13 percent rise for petrol vehicles, suggesting some buyers may be put off by the prospect of additional taxes on diesel models.
Overall, low interest rates continue to support demand in Europe's second biggest car market, where around 80 percent of sales are made using a personal contract purchase (PCP), whereby a buyer effectively rents a vehicle, typically for two to three years.
At the end of the period they have to decide whether to buy the car outright or switch to a new model and continue making monthly payments, which the chief executive of one Britain's biggest car dealerships Lookers (LOOK.L) told Reuters was helping support demand.
"There are probably 1.4 million people coming off PCP this year and the easiest thing for them to do is just to have another one," said Andy Bruce, who predicts full-year registrations will marginally rise.
"The long-term trend in new and used car sales is driven by GDP and population growth, so inevitably it's going to keep rising unless there's some sort of economic downturn."
(Editing by David Milliken and Alison Williams)
(Removes extraneous text from paragraph 9)
* U.S. hiring speeds up, annual wage growth best since 2009
* Traders firm up rate hike best, bond yields rise further
* Record profit boosts Amazon; Apple, Alphabet drops on results
* Volatility index rises for first time in three days
* Indexes lower: Dow 0.98 pct, S&P 0.75 pct, Nasdaq 0.67 pct
By Tanya Agrawal
Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks sank on Friday, weighed down by weak earnings reports from blue-chip companies and as a robust U.S. jobs report boosted bond yields and bolstered expectations that the pace of interest rates hikes could pick up.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped more than 1 percent, and ten of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy index's 2.97 percent decline.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by 200,000 jobs in January, the Labor Department said, beating expectation of 180,000. Average hourly earnings rose and boosted the year-on-year increase to 2.9 percent, the largest rise since June 2009.
After the data, benchmark 10-year Treasury yields extended their rise to more than 2.8 percent, while traders boosted bets that the U.S. Federal Reserve will raise interest rates three times this year.
Fast-rising wages could prompt more aggressive action from the central bank to keep a lid on inflation pressure.
“The big picture concern is that wage growth will pick up and lead to more inflation,” said Nicholas Colas, co-founder at DataTrek Research.
The rise in bond yields “is certainly beginning to concern the markets. It is certainly now an issue, where it wasn't for all of last year. Rates have risen fairly quickly this year and the speed of the advance is worrying.”
At 10:43 a.m. ET (1543 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 257.59 points, or 0.98 percent, at 25,929.12. The S&P 500 was down 21.38 points, or 0.75 percent, at 2,800.6 and the Nasdaq Composite was down 49.53 points, or 0.67 percent, at 7,336.33.
The CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed gauge measure of stock market volatility, rose to 14.48, after having fallen in the previous two sessions.
The U.S. stock market roared out of the blocks in 2018, before being reined in this week by rising bond yields. The S&P and the Dow are now on track to post their biggest weekly losses since 2016.
Adding to the pressure were disappointing earnings reports from major companies.
Shares of oil majors Exxon and Chevron were down 5 percent and 3.5 percent, respectively, after reporting lower-than-expected quarterly profits.
Google-parent Alphabet fell 5.2 percent after its profit also misses analysts' estimates.
Apple fell 2.5 percent as investors focused on the company's muted forecast rather than strong iPhone prices and its cash plans.
One bright spot was Amazon, which rose 6.3 percent after the online retailer reported a record profit of near $2 billion due to strong sales and tax law changes.
The stock helped the consumer discretionary index rise 0.72 percent, the only gainer among the 11 major sectors.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 2,503 to 376. On the Nasdaq, 2,161 issues fell and 617 advanced.
The S&P 500 index showed 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 34 new highs and 77 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D‘Souza)
There needs to be certain traits in a person to become successful in their career. So it is important for you to understand yourself much better and also have an idea regarding how you are perceived by others, your communication skills, strengths & weakness and also how you engage with others which all matters to enhance your productivity for a successful career. This is where Disc Bodhi a management consulting firm comes into the picture with their best tools to enhance the individual and organisational performance of individuals assessing skills and offering various tools for one to improve their communication, effective engagement and enhance the team dynamics. The tools are available for different profiles in an organisation to improve specific skills to execute their role and responsibility in an effective manner in the organisation.
The disc workplace profile tool is useful for everyone in an organisation irrespective of their title or role as the tool focus on enhancing one's effective communication and engagement with the peers for better collaboration and teamwork towards achieving the organisation goals. The disc management profile tool come with the best insights for managers on how to effectively engage and motivate your team to achieve optimal performance and also how to effectively influence senior managers for best organisational outcomes. Everything disc sales profile tools help you on how to engage effectively with customers to understand customer motivations and influence to close the sale for achieving performance goals. Everything disc work of leaders profile offers valuable insights for the leaders to assess their own leadership behaviours within the framework of vision, alignment and execution to create an effective impact on the team members. This would help the leaders learn to reflect on their approach towards work step by step to make the necessary changes if required in their leadership style. You can also find everything disc workplace style guides very useful that allow every individual in the organisation to assess their actions, enthusiasm, collaboration, support, stability, accuracy, challenges and results to become more productive and work towards the collective goal of the organisation.
Disc Bodhi also offer many more tools that would help each individual to understand themselves much better and enhance their communication to improve relationships and achieve both personal and professional gaols much effectively and successfully. All the products from Disc Bodhi come in the best price and can be downloaded online.
United State
917-426-7391
https://discbodhi.com/
Find the best Everything Disc Management & Sales Profile at Discbodhi with affordable prices. It can increase Management & Sales effectiveness at all levels of an organization. You can find more information about our products at https://discbodhi.com/
May 3 Orient Paper Inc
* Orient paper, inc. Announces unaudited preliminary financial results for the first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $0.08
* Q1 revenue $25.3 million, down 9.4%
* Orient paper inc - revenue decreased in q1 mainly due to government mandated temporary restriction on production in place since november 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The logo of U.S. fast food group Burger King is seen at a restaurant in Bruettisellen, Switzerland October 11, 2016. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
NEW YORK Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive.
The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?"
If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase - "Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?" - is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia.
"Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices," said a Burger King representative.
Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR.N), said the ad is not in collaboration with Google (GOOG.O).
Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment.
The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon.
Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube.
Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon's Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple's (AAPL.O) Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many uses them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments.
Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon (AMZN.O) are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible.
(Reporting by Angela Moon; Editing by Bill Trott)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Cooling towers emit steam and chimneys billow in an industrial zone in Wu'an, Hebei province, China, February 20, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
BEIJING China's smoggiest cities have pledged to ramp up the battle on pollution after air quality deteriorated in the first few months of this year, the China Daily reported on Monday, as smog blanketed the capital, Beijing, and the surrounding region.
Top officials from seven districts in Beijing, Tianjin and cities in Hebei and Shanxi provinces were scolded at the weekend by the environmental watchdog for lax control of pollution this year, the paper said.
The officials promised to submit plans to the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) to resolve the problem within 20 days, it said. In the first quarter, air quality deteriorated in the districts and cities, according to the ministry.
The news came as toxic smog blanketed the capital and surrounding cities on Monday, forcing some to issue an orange alert, the second-highest level after red, as pollution reached hazardous levels.
On Saturday, Hebei, the northern province home to six of China's 10 smoggiest cities in the first two months of 2017, said it would take more action to shut "backward" coal-fired power plants, promote new energy vehicles and shift industries.
The province is on the front line of a three-year "war on pollution", and has already promised to slash coal consumption and close inefficient industrial plants.
The ministry's weekend warning followed a month-long inspection that turned up severe violations, such as poor adherence to restrictions on smoggy days, said Liu Changgen, its head of inspections, according to the paper.
Gao Nan, head of Zhaoxian county, said it would invest 1.3 billion yuan ($188.9 million) to build a road to divert diesel vehicles from downtown areas.
The ministry will make random checks in April to ensure air pollution measures are being followed, the paper said.
China's "war on pollution" aims to reverse the damage done to its skies, soil and water after decades of untrammeled economic growth.
On Monday, an orange alert was in effect in Tianjin, Tangshan and Langfang in Hebei province and Puyang and Anyang in central Henan, state news agency Xinhua said.
The orange alert means the air quality index (AQI), a measure of air pollutants, is forecast to exceed 150 for three consecutive days.
In Beijing, where the authorities issued a yellow alert, the AQI reading was 264, the city's environmental protection agency said.
(Reporting by Josephine Mason and Judy Hua)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Gjensidige Bank Asa
* Board of Gjensidige Bank has today decided to appoint Krister Aanesen as CEO of Gjensidige Bank
* Aanesen joins bank on 1 august this year, and will take over as CEO at turn of year
* Aanesen will succeed Hans Harén, who retires later this year after having led bank since 2011 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Flexsteel Industries Inc:
* Flexsteel reports third quarter results
* Q3 sales fell 3.7 percent to $120.8 million
* Q3 earnings per share $0.96
* Flexsteel Industries Inc says net sales for fourth fiscal quarter are expected to remain steady with current quarter
* Flexsteel Industries Inc - for remainder of fiscal year 2017, co sees $3.7 million for capital expenditures and $1.0 million as sg&a expense Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shree Ganesh Forgings Ltd:
* SAYS DUE TO NON-PAYMENT OF LOAN FROM STATE BANK OF INDIA, CIRCLE OFFICER, THANE HAS TAKEN POSSESSION OF PROPERTY Source text - bit.ly/2BQ8sZI Further company coverage:
São Paulo, March 29 Embraer's biggest passenger jet ever took to the skies more than three months ahead of schedule on Wednesday, giving the world's third-largest commercial planemaker more time to refine the aircraft before it enters service in early 2019.
John Slattery, head of commercial aviation for Embraer, said in an interview that the Brazilian company was maintaining its delivery timeline after a "very successful" first flight for the E195-E2, which was originally scheduled for the second half of this year.
"We do have a lot of buffer, clearly. And we are devoting that to maturing the aircraft before entry into service," Slattery said, adding that he expected the milestone to help sales campaigns for the 120- to 130-seat aircraft.
The new E195-E2 offers three more rows of seats and a more efficient engine than the current-generation E195, improving fuel burn by 24 percent per seat and directly challenging Bombardier Inc's new CS100.
Slattery said he saw healthy demand for the biggest member of the re-engined E-Jet family in Southeast Asia, Western Europe, North America and Latin America. He first hinted at the jet's early flight in a Reuters interview earlier this month.
The E195-E2 program remains on budget and in line with specifications, he added. Brazilian airline Azul Linhas Aereas Brasileiras SA, which has placed a firm order for 30 of the aircraft, will be the first operator of the new jet. (Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Bill Rigby)
BRUSSELS, April 20 The following are mergers under review by the European Commission and a brief guide to the EU merger process:
APPROVALS AND WITHDRAWALS
-- Italian energy company Duferco Energia to acquire a business unit from Italian electricity company Energhe S.p.A. (approved April 19)
-- Britain's Rolls-Royce to acquire the remaining 53.1 percent stake in Spanish aircraft engine and components maker Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) (approved April 19)
-- Private equity firm Advent International to acquire biometrics and security business Morpho from French aerospace group Safran (approved April 19)
NEW LISTINGS
None
EXTENSIONS AND OTHER CHANGES
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline extended to May 12 from April 26 after commitments submitted)
FIRST-STAGE REVIEWS BY DEADLINE
APRIL 24
-- French media company Bollore to acquire control of French company Vivendi (notified March 15/deadline April 24)
APRIL 26
-- Swiss pharmaceutical supplier Lonza Group to acquire U.S. capsule maker Capsugel from private equity firm KKE & Co LP (notified March 17/deadline April 26)
MAY 4
-- Private investment firm KKR & Co. to acquire travel company Travelopia Holdings Ltd and Travelopia USA Inc. (notified March 24/ deadline May 4/simplified)
MAY 5
-- Japan's Panasonic Corporation to acquire Spanish auto parts maker Ficosa International (notified March 27/deadline May 5)
-- Banking services platform Pillarstone to acquire holding company Famar which has activities in the pharmaceutical industry (notified March 27/deadline May 5/simplified)
MAY 8
-- Swiss car importer Emil Frey France to acquire French car parts distributor PGA Group SAS from German carmaker Volkswagen Group (notified March 28/deadline May 8/simplified)
MAY 10
-- Toyota Industries Europe to acquire Vive, the parent company of Dutch industrial company Vanderlande Industries Holding B.V (notified March 29/deadline May 10/simplified)
MAY 12
-- Taiwan's Ennoconn, which is part of electronics maker Foxconn, to increase its stake in Austrian IT group S&T (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- French media group Vivendi to acquire de facto sole control of Italy's Telecom Italia (notified March 31/deadline May 12)
-- German carmakers BMW, Daimler and Porsche AG and U.S. peer Ford Motor Co to acquire control of a joint venture (notified March 31/deadline May 12/simplified)
-- U.S. chemicals group Riechhold and Black Diamond Capital to acquire Italian polymers maker Polynt which is owned by Italian private equity group Investindustrial (notified March 17/deadline May 12/commitments offered March 17)
-- Singapore-based tech communications company Broadcom AVGO.O to acquire U.S. networking switches and software maker Brocade (notified March 17/ deadline extended to May 12 from April 26)
MAY 15
-- Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and Canada's Public Sector Pension Investment Board (PSPIB) to jointly acquire a portfolio of office and retail properties in New Zealand which is now solely controlled by PSPIB (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm Bain Capital to acquire UK company MKM Building Supplies Ltd (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- Private equity firm KKR and Spanish telecoms provider Telefonica tp acquire joint control of Spanish telecoms infrastructure provider Telxius (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
-- German conglomerate Peter Cremer Holding to acquire 50 percent of Koenig Transportgesellschaft from German logistics company HaGe Logistik GmbH (notified April 3/deadline May 15/simplified)
MAY 16
-- Volkswagen Financial Services to acquire 50.98 percent of German tank and service cards provide Logpay Transport Services from Logpay Financial Services (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
-- Finnish pension fund ELO Mutual Pension Insurance Company and Swedish peer Forsta AP-fonden to jointly acquire several Finnish property portfolio (notified April 4/deadline May 16/simplified)
MAY 18
-- French insurer Axa and French state-owned bank Caisse des Depots et Consignations to jointly acquire two commerical lots in a shopping centre (notified April 6/deadline May 18/simplified)
MAY 19
-- Italian cinema operator The Space Cinema, which is controlled by Vue International Holdco Ltd, and Italian peer UCI Italian S.p.A. which is part of Chinese conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group, to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
-- German industrial gas producer Linde and Russian power generation equipment maker PJSC Power Machines to set up a joint venture (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
-- U.S. packaging company WestRock to acquire U.S. peer Multi Packaging Solutions (notified April 7/deadline May 19)
-- Asset manager Ares Management L.P. and investment firm The Baupost Group to jointly acquire German shopping mall operator Prejan Enerprises Ltd (notified April 7/deadline May 19/simplified)
MAY 22
-- Investment firms Cinven Capital Management and Canada Pension Plan Investment Board to acquire joint control of Travel Holdings Parent Corporation (notified April 10/deadline May 22)
May 23
-- KKR & Co. and Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec to acquire Onex Corp.'s USI Insurance Services (notified April 11/deadline May 23)
MAY 24
-- French commodities trader Louis Dreyfus Company and Brazilian soy processor-exporter Amaggi to sell a 33 percent stake in their joint venture in Brazil to Japan-based Zen-Noh (notified April 12/deadline May 24/simplified)
-- American healthcare company Johnson & Johnson to acquire Swiss biotech company Actelion (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
-- Investment company Nordic Capital to acquire credit management services company Intrum Justitia (notified April 12/deadline May 24)
MAY 29
-- French EDF to acquire equipment and fuel manufacturing company Areva (notified April 18/deadline May 29)
GUIDE TO EU MERGER PROCESS
DEADLINES:
The European Commission has 25 working days after a deal is filed for a first-stage review. It may extend that by 10 working days to 35 working days, to consider either a company's proposed remedies or an EU member state's request to handle the case.
Most mergers win approval but occasionally the Commission opens a detailed second-stage investigation for up to 90 additional working days, which it may extend to 105 working days.
SIMPLIFIED:
Under the simplified procedure, the Commission announces the clearance of uncontroversial first-stage mergers without giving any reason for its decision. Cases may be reclassified as non-simplified - that is, ordinary first-stage reviews - until they are approved. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee)
BERLIN, April 30 German fish distributor Deutsche See plans to buy 80 electric delivery vans from Deutsche Post DHL Group after Volkswagen turned down a request to build a zero-emission vehicle, Bild am Sonntag reported.
Deutsche See said in February it was suing Volkswagen (VW) for leasing diesel vehicles the carmaker had said were environmentally friendly, the first corporate case for VW in Germany since its emissions scandal broke in September 2015.
"VW could not and did not want to offer us an electric solution for our commercial transportation needs in 10 years," Deutsche See executive director Egbert Miebach told the newspaper.
Deutsche Post is phasing out use of VW Caddy vans in favour of Streetscooter electric vans it has designed. The company said earlier this month it plans to double annual output to 20,000 vans by the end of the year and to sell Streetscooters to external customers.
Deutsche See said fish deliveries with Streetscooter vans will start immediately in Cologne and subsequently be expanded to include about 20 other urban locations.
Neither Bild am Sonntag nor Deutsche See gave the value of the contract.
VW couldn't immediately be reached for comment. (Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Adrian Croft)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
"resilience2020 Manifesto" is a "Call to Action" for a dysfunctional resilience marketplace.
Contact
Ms Teresa Yasevac, Board Secretary & Press Officer
***@resilience2020inc.com Ms Teresa Yasevac, Board Secretary & Press Officer
End
-- resilience2020 Inc. announces the publication of their "resilience2020 Manifesto" scheduled for mid-summer 2017.Placing "humans first" it lays the foundation for a market focused on creating solutions that are simple to use, feature rapid deployment and reduce the preparation cycle from years to months.resilience2020 Inc. is focused on increasing resilience awareness, providing education and mentoring services, and ideating solutions to unlock the potential of global resilience efforts. Our vision of a resilient world is grounded in our "resilience2020 manifesto." We are driven by a passion to enable a more equitable and accessible distribution of resilience knowledge to drive a new era of resilience development, growth and readiness. Working with our partners we are committed to delivering solutions that break through today's resilience barrier and to leaving the world better than we found it.Join the movement. Prepare Now.Learn more at https://www.resilience2020.online
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall after report of Trump probe
BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up early on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, as Asian stocks fell on a report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated for possible obstruction of justice. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold rose 0.2 percent to $1,263.70 per ounce by 0107 GMT. * U.S. gold futures for August delivery fell 0.8 percent to $1,265.90 per ounce. * Spot gold hit a session low of $1,256.65 on Wednesda
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
RPT-Planning documents for UK tower in fatal fire omitted safety barriers
LONDON, June 14 Planning documents detailing the refurbishment of a residential tower block in West London where at least 12 people died in a fire on Wednesday did not refer to a type of fire barrier that building safety experts said should be used when high rise blocks are being re-clad.
April 6 Homeserve Plc:
* Expects to report results at upper end of market expectations 1 for year to March 31, 2017
* UK business has had another good year with customer growth of 1 pct
* Rapid progress in the USA with 50 mln affinity partner households and 3 mln customers at year end
* In USA, we ended financial year with 3 mln customers, representing another significant milestone and up 28 pct compared to FY16
* UK retention remains strong at 80 pct and continue to see high income per customer
* Anticipate income per customer in UK increasing further next year as customers purchase more comprehensive cover, receive benefits of more usage Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
LONDON British hedge fund firm Man Group (EMG.L) said net inflows, positive market moves and the impact of a recent acquisition helped to boost funds under management by 10 percent in the first three months of the year.
Man shares rose four percent after the figures came in ahead of consensus expectations. Hedge funds generally attracted more investor cash in the first quarter as interest rate rises and increased volatility provided more fertile ground for the industry after a tough 2016.
Total assets under management at the end of March were $88.7 billion (£69.45 billion), up from $80.9 billion at the end of December, the world's largest listed hedge fund said in a statement.
"We came into the year with a good pipeline of interest from clients, and that has resulted in net inflows of $3 billion in the first three months," said Luke Ellis, Man Group Chief Executive.
Man Group suffered a loss in 2016 when performance fees fell due to tough markets.
However, the brightening outlook has helped to drive the fund's share price more than 25 percent higher this year.
Net inflows exceeded expectations and were the strongest since June 2011, according to research from Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs.
"Man benefitted from a $1.4 billion mandate win this quarter. Even stripping this out, Man saw its second-strongest gross sales in five years," said the Goldman note.
Investors putting cash to work with hedge funds had started picking up pace since the start of the year, industry tracker Eurekahedge, which said net inflows came in at $26.1 billion.
Man's long-only funds, which aim to profit when markets rise, and its fund of funds business, FRM, took in the bulk of new assets, with net flows of $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively. FRM invests in other funds.
Man made gains in 24 out of 30 strategies, delivering 14.4 percent and 11.5 percent improvements quarter-on-quarter in its top-performing Numeric emerging markets funds.
Positive investment performance added a further $2.2 billion, with long-only strategies contributing $1.9 billion and its alternatives strategies $400 million.
The completed acquisition of U.S. and Europe-based real asset manager Aalto, meanwhile, added $1.8 billion.
(Reporting by Maiya Keidan; editing by Simon Jessop/Keith Weir)
(Recasts, adds new quote, updates prices)
* Dollar creeps up ahead of Fed decision
* Fed expected to keep rates on hold
* Euro not lifted by strong GDP data
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, May 3 The dollar inched up against most major currencies on Wednesday, as investors eyed a U.S. Federal Reserve statement later in the day for guidance on whether bets for a June interest rate hike are justified.
The Fed is widely expected to keep interest rates unchanged at the end of its two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, but investors will be looking to see whether the central bank downplays the recent soft patch in the economy to leave the door open for a move next month.
A June hike is currently 65 percent priced in by markets, according to Reuters data.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major currencies but the majority of whose weighting is against the euro, edged up 0.2 percent to 99.094, close to a 5-1/2-month low of 98.695 hit last week.
Data showing the euro zone economy started the year with robust growth that far outstripped that of the United States had little effect on the euro, with analysts saying that the single currency - which hit its highest levels since early November last week - already had a lot of good news priced into it.
The euro edged down 0.2 percent against the broadly stronger dollar to $1.0911, close to last week's peak of $1.09515.
"The ECB (European Central Bank) may be talking about policy normalization, but at the end of the day they're still easing; they're still expanding the balance sheet," said Barclays currency strategist Hamish Pepper, in London.
"That's where some of this hawkish rhetoric that's emerging around the ECB, and bullish rhetoric around the euro, will really be tested in the second half of this year," he added, saying that the euro would struggle to rise much further above $1.09.
While the ECB continues to pump tens of billions of euros into the euro zone economy each month, the Fed has raised interest rates twice in the past six months and is expected to hike them twice more by the end of the year.
But weak U.S. April auto sales data released on Tuesday added to recent worries about the outlook for the U.S. economy, which grew at its slowest rate in three years in the first quarter of the year.
"If you look at how markets are positioned right now, it feels like hoping for the best but psychologically braced for a not so positive message (from the Fed)," said UBS Wealth Management analyst Geoffrey Yu, in London.
"The data of late probably hasn't been enough to justify any excess buoyancy or excess bullishness (but) given the experience of March, when no one thought it was a live meeting and then the Fed turned it into a live meeting, I don't think anyone would make that mistake again."
Against the yen, the dollar was up 0.2 percent at 112.22, close to a six-week high of 112.33 yen set on Tuesday.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets (Additional reporting by Masayuki Kitano in Singapore; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 Bioline Rx Ltd
* Biolinerx to initiate phase 3 study with bl-8040 as novel stem cell mobilization treatment following successful meeting with fda
* Bioline rx ltd- initiation of phase 3 registrational study expected in second half of the year for bl-8040
* Bioline rx ltd- initiation of phase 3 registrational study expected in second half of this year
* Bioline rx ltd- met with u.s. Fda and has gained clarity on development program and design of a phase 3 pivotal study for bl-8040 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 31 Lepu Medical Technology Beijing Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash div 0.98 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
* Says co's Beijing medical tech unit and Beijing tech unit plan to buy 100 percent stake in a Beijing bio-tech firm for up to 150 million yuan
* Co will indirectly own 100 percent stake in the bio-tech firm via units
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/fRvUwd ; goo.gl/sognsl
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
The company name of ZTE is seen outside the ZTE R&D building in Shenzhen, China April 27, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
WASHINGTON The U.S. Department of Commerce will remove Chinese telecommunications equipment maker ZTE Corp (000063.SZ) from a trade blacklist on Wednesday after the company pleaded guilty to violating sanctions on Iran and agreed to pay nearly $900 million, the agency said in a notice.
Removal from the list marks the end of a tense period for ZTE, which faced trade restrictions that could have severed its ties to critical U.S. suppliers.
"By acknowledging the mistakes we made, taking responsibility for them ... we are committed to a ZTE that is fully compliant, healthy and trustworthy," said ZTE Chief Executive Zhao Xianming said in an emailed statement.
Last year, the U.S. Commerce Department placed export restrictions on ZTE as punishment for violating U.S. sanctions against Iran. The restrictions would have prevented restricted suppliers from providing ZTE any U.S.-made equipment, potentially freezing the Chinese handset maker's supply chain.
Over the past 12 months, as ZTE cooperated with U.S. authorities, the U.S. Commerce Department temporarily suspended the trade restrictions with a series of three-month reprieves, allowing the company to maintain ties to U.S. suppliers.
Earlier this month, ZTE agreed to pay a total of $892.4 million and pleaded guilty to violating U.S. sanctions by sending American-made technology to Iran and lying to investigators.
The Commerce Department said on Tuesday it would impose severe restrictions on former ZTE CEO Shi Lirong, whom the agency accused of approving efforts to skirt sanctions and ship equipment to Iran.
The Commerce Department said Shi approved a systematic, written business plan to use shell companies to secretly export U.S. technology to Iran. Reuters could not immediately reach Shi for comment.
The U.S. investigation followed reports by Reuters in 2012 that ZTE had signed contracts with Iran to ship millions of dollars' worth of hardware and software from some of America's best-known technology companies.
U.S. authorities have said the size of the financial penalty against ZTE also reflects the fact that the company lied to investigators when executives were approached about the allegations.
As part of the deal, ZTE will be under probation for three years and agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
(Reporting by Joel Schectman; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Bill Rigby)
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad speaks during an interview in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
BEIRUT A U.S. cruise missile attack on a Syrian air base may persuade President Bashar al-Assad to be more cautious with some of his tactics, but will not deter him and his allies from pressing a full-throttle military campaign to crush rebels.
It was the first time Washington has directly targeted Assad's government in six years of civil war, and has pushed the administration of President Donald Trump into proclaiming that Washington still wants Assad removed from power.
But the single volley of Tomahawk missiles was of such limited scope that it will reinforce the view held by Damascus and its allies that the United States is no more eager than before to take the sort of strong action needed to defeat him.
"Assad now knows there is a red line with regard to the use of chemical weapons. But I think he also probably just sees it as a slap on the wrist," said David Lesch, professor of Middle East history at Trinity University and an author on Syria.
"Assad has to recalibrate but not fundamentally change his military approach that they've been engaging in since the Russian intervention," Lesch said. "I really believe they are not feeling too bad today, if this is the extent of what the U.S. is going to do."
Damascus denies carrying out the chemical attack that provoked the U.S. response. The attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in the rebel-held province of Idlib near the Turkish border killed at least 87 people, 31 of them children.
Assad has responded with characteristic defiance, vowing to accelerate efforts to wipe out rebels he calls terrorists.
A joint command centre representing his Russian, Iranian and Lebanese Hezbollah allies said the U.S. attack would only cause them to redouble their support for the Syrian government.
Air strikes have continued unabated since the U.S. attack on Friday. Eighteen people were reportedly killed in one strike alone in Idlib on Saturday. Though damaged, the Shayrat air base near Homs is partly operational and flights have taken off.
The base was largely evacuated before the U.S. strikes, after Washington forewarned Moscow, which in turn alerted the Syrian government, according to a senior military source in the alliance fighting in support of Assad.
Describing the U.S. attack as a "limited strike" that was quickly over, another senior ally of Assad in the region said toppling him did not seem to be a priority for Trump. "There is still no clear American policy on Syria," he said.
Though the attack had shown Trump to be unpredictable, a third official in the pro-Assad alliance did not yet see a major shift in the U.S. approach.
"Is this a strategic shift by the Americans? Do they want to get into a big problem with the Russians? I don't think there is a strategic shift."
SHIFT FOR TRUMP
Washington says it acted because Syrian aircraft bombed Khan Sheikhoun with sarin, a banned nerve agent that Damascus pledged to give up in 2013 after Trump's predecessor Barack Obama threatened to bomb as punishment for another alleged gas attack.
Moscow and Damascus say the deaths were the result of a Syrian air strike on a depot where rebels were making chemical weapons that then leaked into the town - a claim rebels deny and Washington dismisses as beyond credibility.
The attack marked a departure from the approach of Obama, who ran a large-scale air campaign in Syria against fighters from Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, but avoided direct entanglement in the parallel civil war to unseat Assad.
The Obama administration provided limited support for anti-Assad rebels, but never directly struck government targets after Obama called off such strikes four years ago, at a time when Trump also said attacking Assad would be a mistake.
Ahead of his election victory, Trump had attacked Obama's approach in ways that appeared to suggest he would back off of calls to remove Assad. He questioned the wisdom of backing rebels, suggested that Washington should work more closely with Russia to fight Islamic State, and noted that while he didn't like him, "Assad is killing ISIS".
The first two months of Trump's presidency passed with little said about Assad's government, while extra U.S. troops arrived to help Kurdish and Arab militias in northern Syria fight against Islamic State.
A few days ahead of the chemical attack, two top U.S. officials made their clearest pronouncements yet on Syria, saying Washington was not now focused on making Assad leave power and the focus was on defeating Islamic State.
Some analysts believe the March 30 comments by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.S. ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley emboldened Assad ahead of the Khan Sheikhoun attack.
"I think they were overconfident. I think they felt that they could certainly get away with it - if in fact Assad did order this - because Idlib is controlled by al Qaeda affiliates, and the Russians are striking there, and the U.S. has also struck there," said Lesch.
"NO OPTION BUT VICTORY"
Since the attack, Trump has struck a tough tone, saying "something should happen" with Assad, but not yet saying what that should be. Haley has made an about face on her previous remarks, saying on Saturday that Assad's removal is a priority.
Tillerson seemed to take a more patient stance in regard to Assad, saying on Saturday that Washington's first priority is the defeat of Islamic State. He has also said there was no role for Assad in Syria's future.
The Syrian opposition, which long accused the Obama administration of inaction, wants the U.S. attack to be the start of a more aggressive policy towards Assad. Syrian rebel groups said on Friday the U.S. "responsibility" did not end with the missile attack.
"We are waiting for the American administration to reveal its complete vision for the Syrian file," said prominent opposition politician George Sabra.
Assad, whose forces have been in a much stronger position since receiving military backing from Russia in 2015, continues to press his advantage in a war that has killed more than 400,000 people and driven half of Syrians from their homes.
Military pressure and siege tactics have forced rebels out of numerous strongholds in recent months, including eastern Aleppo and areas near Damascus.
The opposition says Assad is forcibly displacing his opponents to remote parts of Syria in deals that offer rebels safe passage out, calling it a policy of demographic change.
One such agreement moved ahead on Saturday as planned. Syrian state TV said the Waer district of Homs city area would be declared "free of weapons" this month. The evacuation is taking place in phases, with Russian oversight on the ground.
Several hundred more fighters left Waer on Saturday, which has been besieged for years, for northern Syria with their families. They are being taken by bus to rebel-held areas of northern Syria, accompanied by Russian forces.
A Russian general interviewed by Syrian state TV said the U.S. attack would not derail implementation of the deal.
Assad, in an interview before the U.S. attack, made clear that so-called local "reconciliation" agreements remain central to his strategy, along with military action. Citing recent rebel attacks in Damascus and Hama, he said there could be no "results" with opposition groups at U.N.-backed peace talks.
There is no "option but victory", he said.
(Writing by Tom Perry)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executives of top American steel companies and related groups urged President Donald Trump on Thursday to urgently impose trade measures to curb excess steel capacity and surging imports they say are undermining the U.S. industry.
A letter, sent to the White House and Congress by the American Iron and Steel Institute and the Steel Manufacturers Association, called on Trump to immediately act under the rarely used “Section 232” of a 1962 U.S. trade law, which allows for restrictions to protect national security.
”We urge you to implement a remedy that is comprehensive and broad based, covering all major sources of steel imports and the full range of steel products, with only limited exceptions for
products not currently available in the United States,”
according to the letter seen by Reuters.
Companies that signed the letter included Alton Steel, AK Steel Corp (AKS.N), Cleveland-Cliffs Inc (CLF.N), TimkenSteel Corp (TKR.N), Nucor Corp (NUE.N), and ArcelorMittal USA (MT.AS).
The letter was the second in five months from the steel industry to Trump, who promised in his presidential campaign to protect American steelworkers from imports and ordered an investigation last April of foreign steel imports under Section 232.
The results of the investigation were handed to Trump on Jan. 11, 2018. He has 90 days to respond.
A U.S. administration official said the White House was “aware of the needs and concerns of stakeholders.”
“The president has 90 days to make his decision and we will announce that decision at the appropriate time,” the official told Reuters.
Forcing a reduction of excess production in China, which now supplies half the world's steel, is a key goal of any potential restrictions.
The United States, the world's biggest steep importer, and China have long been at odds over how to combat excess capacity in the global steel sector. China has argued that it has done its bit to tackle the problem by cutting capacity.
‘WAIT-AND-SEE APPROACH'
Philip Bell, president of the Steel Manufacturers Association, said there was optimism that Trump would come up with effective measures following his decision on Jan. 22 to slap tariffs on imported washers and solar panels.
“I confident he will come up with a remedy that is effective and he still has 70 days to review it and make a decision,” Bell told Reuters. “We will have to take a wait-and-see approach, but it is clear the steel industry continues to be challenged and that 232 action sooner rather than later is important.”
The letter underscored that despite the threat of trade actions, imports continue to swamp the U.S. market. In June 2017, steel imports hit their highest monthly total in more than two years by capturing 30 percent of the U.S. market, the letter said.
Efforts to address global excess capacity through international consultations and groups such as the G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development had failed, the letter added.
The European Union has warned it will retaliate if European steelmakers suffer collateral damage from import restrictions under the Section 232 investigation.
While the measure would mainly target China, NATO allies like Britain have expressed concern because the two countries have traded steel for military purposes.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp
* Tallgrass Energy Partners acquires approximate 25 percent interest in Rockies Express Pipeline
* Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp - deal for $400 million
* Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp - acquisition increases Tep's ownership interest in Rex to approximately 50 percent
* Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp - expect transaction to be immediately accretive to unitholders
* Tallgrass Energy Partners - intend to recommend to board of general partner that Tep increase its quarterly distributions for Q2 and Q3 of 2017
* Tallgrass Energy Partners - recommend to increase quarterly distributions for Q2 and Q3 of 2017 by aggregate of at least $0.40 per unit on annualized basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
A baby doll hangs from a scale used to track the weight of infants in a mock medical tent at the "Refugee Camp in my Neighbourhood" installation at a Sydney park in Australia, August 7, 2017. The temporary "refugee camp" project, established by a...more
A baby doll hangs from a scale used to track the weight of infants in a mock medical tent at the "Refugee Camp in my Neighbourhood" installation at a Sydney park in Australia, August 7, 2017. The temporary "refugee camp" project, established by a local Sydney council, has been set up to replicate the real life conditions of refugee camps around the world and employs former refugees as tour guides to educate Australians on the plight of millions displaced by humanitarian emergencies globally. REUTERS/Jason Reed
Close
A £13 million projects been announced, aimed at reducing jams around Junction 9 on the M27.
Lanes will be added on slip roads, the Parkway South roundabout and Whiteley Way approach after Hampshire County Council won a bid for funding from Highways England.
The council can now go ahead with the scheme to provide an additional traffic lane on both M27 Junction 9 motorway off-slip roads; on the westbound on-slip road, and on the Whiteley Way approach.
The existing short left-turn lane on Whiteley Way will be lengthened and additional lanes will be provided on the northern and southern sections of the roundabout.
At Parkway South roundabout, a new larger, fully signal-controlled roundabout will be provided, with additional lanes on all approaches, on the Parkway exit road and on the roundabout itself.
Executive Member for Environment and Transport, Councillor Rob Humby, said:
"This is really exciting news for the people who live and work in Whiteley. Congestion at peak times in this area has been notoriously heavy for years, and with a further 3,500 new homes in the planning, it's essential that improvements are made to increase capacity on the roads. The County Council has worked hard to design a scheme to alleviate congestion at Junction 9 on the M27 and the first roundabout approach to Whiteley, so that people can access the shopping centre, cinema, restaurants and Business Park without delay.
"Whiteley is an extremely important business hub for the south, and this project will give existing businesses the confidence to invest, as well as unlock new economic development potential in the area. It will also complement the investment being made by the Solent Local Enterprise Partnership to widen Whiteley Way, and the Highways England M27 Smart Motorway project."
The council says 'this scheme is critical in ensuring that the £14 million being invested by the Solent Local Enterprise Partnership to widen Whiteley Way and the £150 million being invested by Highways England in the M27 Smart Motorway Scheme will be a success in improving the way traffic flows in this area.'
The funding for this scheme is comprised of £9.9 million Highways England Growth and Housing Fund, £6.6 million from Hampshire County Council, and £3 million Highways England Congestion Relief Fund.
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said:
"The Whiteley Way junction upgrade is part of our record investment in infrastructure across the country to improve journeys for motorists.
"It will cut congestion on the M27, help unlock thousands of much-needed houses, and boost Hampshire's economy."
April 12 Yuma Energy Inc:
* Yuma Energy Inc announces entry into the Permian Basin and provides 2016 financial results
* Yuma Energy Inc - entered into a joint development agreement covering 33,280 acres in an area of mutual interest with two private companies
* Yuma Energy Inc - net production averaged 2,445 BOE/D during Q4 of 2016, which was 59.5 percent (912 BOE/D) higher than same quarter in prior year
* Yuma Energy Inc - net production averaged 2,445 BOE/D during Q4 of 2016 which was 59.5 percent (912 BOE/D) higher than same quarter in prior year
* Yuma Energy - acquired an 87.5pct working interest in about 2,269 acres (in yoakum county to horizontally develop san andres play in Permian Basin of west texas
* Yuma Energy Inc - co is operator of JV, and intends to spud its first joint venture well in 2017, as well as acquire additional acreage within AMI Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross (L) and others applaud as U.S. President Donald Trump presents the signed Memorandum on Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20 with a long list of promises for his first 100 days. His record has been mixed. Here are the main issues he has confronted and what he has achieved ahead of Saturday's 100th day.
HEALTHCARE
A pledge to repeal and replace the 2010 Affordable Care Act, President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy, was among Trump's central 2016 election campaign promises. It is also one of the biggest failures of his first 100 days.
A bill in the House of Representatives was withdrawn in late March when Republicans could not muster enough votes for passage even though they control the chamber.
A reworked plan this week has drawn support from the House Freedom Caucus, the conservative bloc that helped sink the original bill. That improves the chances of a deal in the House though it is unclear if it can win enough support from moderate Republicans, and it would face tougher challenges in the Senate.
TAX CUTS
Trump repeatedly promised the biggest tax reform since the 1980s. This week he proposed legislation to slash the corporate tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, cut the top personal income tax rate to 35 percent, repeal the inheritance tax, and temporarily slash the rate on overseas profits repatriated to the United States. The plan, however, is vague and even senior Republican lawmakers described it as offering only "guideposts" for legislative changes.
FOREIGN POLICY
Trump's foreign policy has been marked by major shifts.
Russia: Trump spoke admiringly of Russian President Vladimir Putin during the campaign and indicated he wanted a rapprochement with Moscow. But the administration has not been able to fend off a controversy that has led to a congressional investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, including possible links between Trump's campaign and Moscow. Trump has cooled considerably toward Putin. Putin condemned Trump's decision in early April to launch cruise missile strikes on Syria in punishment for a chemical weapons attack by the Syrian government, and Trump said the relationship with Russia "may be at an all-time low."
North Korea: A growing nuclear and missile threat from North Korea is perhaps Trump's most serious security challenge. He has vowed to prevent North Korea from being able to hit the United States with a nuclear missile, a capability experts say Pyongyang could have some time after 2020. Trump's administration aims to push North Korea into dismantling its nuclear and missile programs through tougher international sanctions and diplomatic pressure. He has pressed China, North Korea's biggest trading partner, to do more to curb Pyongyang's nuclear program.
NATO: Trump alarmed U.S. allies during the election campaign by calling NATO "obsolete." In mid-April he lavished praise on NATO and said it is not obsolete.
Syria: Trump had vowed to avoid entanglements in Middle East conflicts and, in his first days in office, said he did not want the United States dragged deeper into the Syrian conflict. But he responded to the chemical weapons attack, which killed dozens of people, by ordering strikes on a Syrian air base. That won praise from allies in Europe and from U.S. lawmakers.
IMMIGRATION AND A WALL
Trump promised a crackdown on illegal immigrants entering the United States and the deportation of illegal immigrants living in the country, especially those with criminal records. He also pledged to build a wall along the border and to get Mexico to pay for it.
The approach and strong rhetoric have had an effect with the number of migrants caught trying to enter the country illegally hitting a 17-year low in March. The number of children traveling with a guardian and apprehended at the southern U.S. border plunged by more than 90 percent in March from December.
Trump insists he will build the border wall, but in order to lift the threat of a government shutdown, he gave way on his demand this week that Congress includes full funding for it in a spending bill.
Trump campaigned on a promise to bar the entry of Muslims into the United States, casting it as part of the fight against the Islamic State militant group. On Jan. 27, he ordered a temporary ban on the entry of nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Syria. He also indefinitely banned refugees from Syria and temporarily banned refugees from all other countries. A federal judge temporarily halted the ban, and a federal appeals court upheld that ruling. Trump issued a revised travel ban in early March, only to see it again blocked in federal court.
Similarly, a federal judge this week blocked his order to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities, which offer safe harbor to illegal immigrants.
SUPREME COURT
This is one of Trump's clearest wins. His promise to select a like-minded successor to Justice Antonin Scalia, who died early last year, was kept with the nomination of Neil Gorsuch. The Senate confirmed Gorsuch despite Democratic opposition, restoring a conservative majority on the court.
TRADE
Trump withdrew the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal just days after his inauguration, keeping a campaign promise.
Trump had both threatened to withdraw from or renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), blaming it for an exodus of U.S. jobs to Mexico. The threats of withdrawal had jolted financial markets at various times. On Thursday, Trump extended an olive branch, saying he would not terminate NAFTA after the leaders of Mexico and Canada asked him to work on a new trade deal.
Trump also ordered a review of the causes of U.S. trade deficits, such as dumping of products below cost; unfair subsidies; "misaligned" currencies; and "non-reciprocal" trade practices.
Trump had vowed to name China a currency manipulator, meaning the United States could then impose tariffs on Chinese goods. But in mid-April he changed course and said that China was not a currency manipulator.
REGULATION
Trump has acted aggressively on his promise to eliminate regulations that he said were hurting the U.S. economy. He issued a permit for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. He also rescinded Obama-era climate change regulations, including the Clean Power Plan; a ban on coal leasing on federal lands; and rules to curb methane emissions from oil and gas production.
As part of a push to open up more federal lands to drilling, mining and other development, Trump ordered a review to identify national monuments that can be rescinded or resized. Legal challenges are expected.
His administration has approved a dozen measures rolling back regulations passed in the final months of the Obama administration on the environment, energy, education and financial services.
BUY AMERICAN, HIRE AMERICAN
Trump has pledged to keep U.S. companies from shipping jobs overseas. Before taking office, Trump used the muscle of his election victory to threaten companies about moving jobs abroad. He claimed victories with the Carrier unit of United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) and with Ford Motor Co (F.N), though Carrier still cut hundreds of jobs in Indiana and Ford said it scrapped plans for a Mexican factory because of declining demand for small cars in North America. The jury is still out on how successful he can be in keeping jobs from going overseas.
Trump ordered a review of the H-1B visa program, which brings highly skilled foreign workers into the United States. He says he wants to modify or replace the current lottery system with a merit-based system for highly skilled workers.
'DRAIN THE SWAMP'
This was one of Trump's rallying cries during the campaign, saying he would change Washington by cracking down on the influence of special interests and political elites. He criticized Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton for her paid speeches to Wall Street bank Goldman Sachs but has named several former Goldman executives to his inner circle. He did ban appointees of any executive agency from lobbying for five years after leaving government employment and permanently banned future former appointees from activity on behalf of any government or political party abroad.
(Reporting by Leslie Adler; Editing by Kieran Murray and Howard Goller)
FILE PHOTO: A steel-worker is pictured at a furnace at the plant of a German steel company in Lower Saxony on November 10, 2011. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer
BERLIN, April 3 - German manufacturing growth reached an almost six-year high in March, driven by a sharp increase in orders for intermediate goods, a survey showed on Monday, suggesting the sector will contribute to an economic expansion in the first quarter.
Markit's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for manufacturing, which accounts for about a fifth of the economy, rose to 58.3 from 56.8 in February, its highest in 71 months.
That was unchanged from a flash reading and well above the 50 level that separates growth from contraction.
"German manufacturing ended Q1 with impressive growth, with new export orders in particular increasing at the fastest rate in nearly seven years in March," Markit economist Trevor Balchin said. "Moreover, manufacturers remain upbeat regarding the 12-month outlook for production."
The biggest threat to this growth momentum is soaring input prices, Markit said, citing metals and chemicals as sources of cost pressures.
"Input prices are soaring with the rate of inflation accelerating for an unprecedented eighth consecutive month to the highest in nearly six years," Balchin said.
"Further down the supply chain, manufacturing output price inflation did not accelerate further in March but remained at an elevated level."
German inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March.
Consumer prices in Europe's largest economy rose by 1.5 percent on the year after reaching a 4-1/2 year high of 2.2 percent in February, data showed last week.
The data offered some respite to the European Central Bank which has faced calls from Germany to wind down its monetary stimulus.
Balchin said the PMI data suggested the ECB's monetary policy remained too loose for German conditions.
German manufacturers also increased hiring to meet a growth in new orders from domestic and export markets. Orders rose for the fourth month running, reaching the strongest level in 71months and driving employment growth in the sector to a 68-month
high.
German unemployment fell more than expected in March, data showed last week, signalling that the robust labour market will continue to be the foundation for growth.
The adjusted unemployment rate fell to 5.8 percent from 5.9 percent in February, the lowest level since German reunification in 1990.
Detailed PMI data are only available under licence from Markit and customers need to apply to Markit for a licence.
To subscribe to the full data, click on the link below: www.markit.com/Contact-Us
((Reporting by Joseph Nasr; editing by John Stonestreet))
Written and Media by Ransom Cochrane.
The spring season is a time for the Greenville University Football team to get back into the swing of things after having five months of off-season. The purpose of spring practice is for teams to practice implementing new concepts, ideas, and systems, so when the past players come back in the fall they are prepared for the season. Due to NCAA regulations, spring practice has a lot of guidelines and rules that teams must follow. Some of these are restrictions include the number of hours of practice, no contact, and the interaction between coaches and players.
For most players, the spring is a great time to get back into shape, learn or relearn concepts, and bond with each other again. Everyone takes different pieces away that can be implemented in the coming fall. This spring, the Greenville University team has completed thirteen practices. Due to unfortunate weather, most of the practices have been shifted and rescheduled. The team plans to end their spring practice season with Terminator Olympics where the team goes through a series of challenges and competes against one another from 9 pm-4 am to determine one ultimate winner.
Many of the athletes and coaches have their own insight on the 2018 spring season. Brock Bullar thinks spring ball is a time where you work on the fundamentals and conditioning football-wise, and build a bond with your teammates. Bullar also thinks the team has bonded with each other to a point where they play for the guy next to them, not just for themselves. This spring, they have gotten after it for the past few weeks. The offense is working on their timing and chemistry and the defense is flying around working on footwork and ball skills. Brock stated, “Last season didn't go how we wanted it to, but that's behind us. We don't forget how it felt, and we learned from our mistakes. Overall the team is looking solid and very scary for the upcoming teams that face us.”
Mark Barigye said, “This team, to me, is very unique from the past years that I have experienced as part of the Greenville University football program. I feel that there is a much closer connection between the players in general. Starters and people who don't play can connect on and off the field in a way that I had not seen before.” There was a string of nine practices in ten days that posed a time of adversity. However, at the end of it all, Barigye believes times like these are what makes them closer as a team and develops them not just on the field but also off the field, in the dorms, and in the classroom.
Finally, Greg Franchomme feels spring ball 2018 has been a great way for every player to understand the way the program is run and a way to bond as a brotherhood. With no pads or equipment, the team focuses mostly on technique and making sure the plays are known before entering fall camp. Last year, our football program was filled with close to 50 freshmen with no college football experience. This year is completely different as they have been able to go through an entire season and now know what to expect. The team has gone through a strength training program in the weight room (3x a week) and agility/mobility/speed exercises (2x a week), engineered by Coach Lincoln Johnson and the rest of the coaching staff to maintain physical condition and to prepare them for the 2018 season. He believes the program has grown a great deal since spring ball of last year. “The coaches pour their love for Christ onto us and allow us to understand what it means to be a champion for Christ,” Franchomme states. He loves the core values discussed in the meetings and he can see that they translate on the field. The main concept for the spring was to “Follow the Blueprint.” This speaks for itself. Franchomme states, “We are one unit, moving together towards a common goal, understanding that we need to buy in the program, take care of each other, and focus on the process to achieve those goals.” With just Terminator Olympics left, Franchomme believes that they are ready to attack fall camp with a group of players dedicated to make the most out of this blessed opportunity.
Check out the video below of Coach Bell, the defensive coordinator, talk about his thoughts on this 2018 spring ball season.
April 20 Atlanta Poland SA:
* Q3 2016/2017 prelim. net profit of c. 150,000 zlotys ($37,812.90) versus 1.5 million zlotys year on year
* Q3 2016/2017 prelim. revenue of 49.5 million zlotys, down 28.1 percent year on year
* Q3 prelim. results impacted among other by lower sales in the retail sector Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9669 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Prime Minister of Libya's unity government Fayez Seraj addresses the United Nations General Assembly in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S., September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
BRUSSELS Libya has asked the European Union to provide it with ships and radars to help its forces stop the smuggling of migrants across the Mediterranean, sources in Brussels said.
They said EU foreign ministers would review the "shopping list" at a meeting of foreign ministers in Luxembourg on Monday, but would not be able to meet all the requests.
The bloc is supporting the government of Prime Minister Fayez Seraj in the hope it can gain control over the whole country after years of chaos and fighting. In exchange, it wants his help on preventing African refugees and migrants from embarking from the coast of Libya for Europe.
"We have received a formal request and it's under consideration," a senior EU diplomat said. "We need it to be linked to the work we are doing on borders to ensure it is going to be used effectively."
The EU is already training the Libyan coastguard to intercept smuggler boats and return them to the north African country. Last year, Libya was the main embarkation point for people seeking to reach Europe via Italy, a dangerous route that the EU fears will grow busier as spring brings calmer seas.
"It's a very long shopping list, includes various sorts of vessels and radars and other equipment," another senior diplomat said. "We need to decipher it first but we definitely won't be able to give it all.
"Still, there are ways: we can look at some older equipment, or some assets confiscated from people smugglers. But we have to make sure it is in line with what we are trying to achieve there and that it is used properly."
The first diplomat said ministers would also discuss the role of Russia in Libya, an increasing worry for the EU as Moscow courts Khalifa Haftar, a warlord who rejects Seraj's authority.
MIGRANT CAMPS IN LIBYA
Ministers will also discuss recent visits to Libya by the International Organization for Migration, an arm of the United Nations.
The EU has decided to step up funding for the IOM to help it improve conditions in migrant camps in Libya and provide financial and other help to people stranded there who want to go back home to countries further south.
The dire security situation is the key issue preventing access and making any scaling-up of IOM operations on the ground extremely difficult. A complex matrix of links exists between the government and various militias who run some of the camps.
EU officials describe conditions there as akin to wartime concentration camps. They say people smugglers thrive there, capitalising on people's desperation to get out.
"There is no law or order on the ground in Libya, no structures," said a third person familiar with the situation. "It's always a negotiation, each time over every single thing - there is no system."
(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
(Corrects paragraph 2 to say "earlier $3.8 billion offer" not "earlier $2.9 billion offer")
March 30 Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc ahead of a June deadline.
CIBC said it offered about $4.9 billion in cash and stock, up from the earlier $3.8 billion offer.
CIBC announced the acquisition in June last year, but the plan has been in doubt since PrivateBancorp postponed a shareholder vote to approve it in December after some investors said they would reject the offer. (Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
VICENZA, Italy Deposits have started to return to Popolare di Vicenza after an outflow helped to drive the troubled Italian bank's direct funding down 14.4 percent last year, its chief executive said on Friday.
"Over the past few weeks the loss of deposits has been replaced by a slow and gradual recovery," CEO Fabrizio Viola told the lender's annual general meeting.
Viola said it was uncertain whether the bank would be granted the state bailout it has requested alongside fellow regional bank Veneto Banca to fill a 6.4 billion euro (5.35 billion pounds) combined capital gap and embark on a merger.
The two banks need European Union approval of their restructuring plan to tap state funds and Viola said it was too early to say when the process could be concluded though the bank hoped it may be soon.
To offset the loss in deposits, Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca have tapped a state guarantee to issue a total of 10 billion euros in state-backed bonds.
Thousands of small shareholders in the two banks saw their investment wiped out last year when the two lenders had to be rescued by state-sponsored, privately funded bank bailout fund Atlante which now owns nearly 100 percent of both.
To stave off potential lawsuits, the two banks have offered to repay investors who bought stock in the past decade 15 percent of their losses, a proposal that was taken up by around 70 percent of the targeted shareholders.
"Something gives me a bit of confidence about the fact that the bank will still be here in coming years: around 94 percent of the money paid out in the settlement offer is still deposited on the bank's current accounts," Viola said.
However, Viola said Popolare di Vicenza's current loan-to-deposit ratio of 120-130 percent was unsustainable.
"We can't go on like this ... the situation has stabilised .. but we need to work to improve our funding," he said. "I'm aware confidence can only be won back with months or perhaps years of responsible behaviour."
(Reporting by Valentina Za; Editing by Keith Weir)
If you're a bit disenchanted with the Higgs boson hoo-ha, which emanates from the laboratories at Cern, in Switzerland, on a regular basis (“We've found it! Oops – we've lost it again . . . No, hang on a second, here it is . . . Sort of . . . Dang, maybe not”) have a look at today's photograph.
It shows Ernest Walton, joint winner of the Nobel Prize for physics in 1951, doing something highly technological with a biro in a lab in Trinity College Dublin.
The unsigned article was part of an Irish Times series called Portrait Gallery. The headline reads simply, “ETS Walton, FTCD”. Dr Walton is described as “a quiet, shy man in his early 50s” who, when asked whether he wouldn't like to go off and get a glamorous job in atomic physics elsewhere, replied: “No, I am far too fond of Ireland to wish to leave it.”
The author of the feature clearly didn't harbour any ambitions to be a pop-science superstar. Walton's historic achievement in smashing the nucleus of the atom at the Cavendish Lab in Cambridge in the 1930s is dispatched with one no-nonsense swipe, namely: “It is difficult for the layman to grasp either the process or the results of this experiment.”
(Can you imagine how the Cern equivalent would read? “He destroyed the scientific universe by building his own particle accelerator out of old car batteries and baked bean tins.”)
The determinedly downbeat mood of the piece is echoed by Jack McManus's picture. The machine, its knobs and rods gleaming in a slightly sinister and utterly unfathomable manner, is given equal visual status with the scientist.
There's a hint of humour in the application of that biro, but overall, Dr Walton's expression is rather guarded. Maybe he can see the future, and it's the overblown soap opera that is Cern.
You can buy this and other Irish Times images from irishtimes.com/photosales. A book, The Times We Lived In, with more than 100 photographs and commentary by Arminta Wallace, published by Irish Times Books (€19.99), is available from irishtimes.com/irishtimesbooks and from bookshops
March 31 Ningbo Donly Co., Ltd.:
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to be 0 million yuan to 5 million yuan
* Says the net loss of FY 2016 Q1 was 2.1 million yuan
* Comments that increased operating income and decreased financial expenses are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/tsUIgb
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UAE central bank raises repo rate by 25 bps
DUBAI, June 14 The central bank of the United Arab Emirates said on Wednesday it was raising its key interest rate by 25 basis points, following the U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to hike rates by the same margin.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - ManpowerGroup Inc:
* MANPOWERGROUP REPORTS 4TH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2017 RESULTS
* SEES Q1 2018 EARNINGS PER SHARE $1.60 TO $1.68
* Q4 EARNINGS PER SHARE $3.22
* Q4 REVENUE ROSE 14 PERCENT TO $5.6 BILLION
* DISCRETE NET TAX BENEFITS POSITIVELY IMPACTED EARNINGS PER SHARE BY $1.10 IN Q4
* Q4 REVENUE VIEW $5.54 BILLION -- THOMSON REUTERS I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A flag with the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) logo is seen before a news conference at OPEC's headquarters in Vienna, Austria December 10, 2016. REUTERS/Heinz-Peter Bader
LONDON/DUBAI OPEC oil output is likely to fall for a third straight month in March, a Reuters survey found on Wednesday, as the United Arab Emirates made progress in trimming supplies while maintenance and unrest cut production in exempt nations Nigeria and Libya.
The reduction by the UAE has helped boost OPEC compliance this month with its production-cutting deal to 95 percent, up from an initial February estimate of 94 percent and a record high, according to Reuters surveys.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries pledged to reduce output by about 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) from Jan. 1 - the first accord on supply curbs since 2008. Non-OPEC countries pledged to cut about half as much.
In comments made to Reuters, OPEC Secretary-General Mohammad Barkindo said the OPEC and non-OPEC agreement "is gradually, but steadily working its way to restore balance to the oil markets".
"The rebalancing process is already underway," he added.
OPEC wants to end a glut that is keeping oil LCOc1 below $52 a barrel, half the level of mid-2014. But stocks are still high despite strong OPEC compliance, boosting expectations that the group will seek to prolong the agreement.
"OPEC is now facing the prospect of falling short of its objective," said Stephen Brennock of oil broker PVM. "Bulging global oil stockpiles will not draw down to the five-year average unless OPEC-led cuts are extended."
Compliance of 95 percent is higher than OPEC achieved in its last cut in 2009, Reuters surveys show. Analysts including those at the International Energy Agency have put adherence in 2017 even higher, with the IEA calling it a record.
March's biggest reduction came from the UAE, which was slower than Kuwait and Saudi Arabia to trim supply. Output is lower this month because more cuts have been implemented and due to planned maintenance, industry sources say.
After limited reductions earlier in 2017, UAE officials and industry sources have said the country would improve average compliance during the six-month duration of the supply cut.
The Reuters survey showed Saudi Arabia's output rose slightly in March from a large reduction in February. Even with March's increase, the total curb achieved is 564,000 bpd, well above the target cut of 486,000 bpd.
As a result, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and as of this month, the UAE, compensated for the weaker adherence of other members, including Algeria, Ecuador, Gabon and Venezuela.
Iraq has boosted compliance too, the survey found, with exports from northern and southern ports falling. A supertanker collided with a berth at Basra oil terminal in late March, although this did not affect shipments significantly.
Iran's production rose slightly. Tehran was allowed a small increase in output under the OPEC agreement.
Lower output in Nigeria and Libya, which are exempt from the curbs, helped bring overall OPEC production down.
Nigerian production fell partly because of planned maintenance at the Bonga field. A recovery in Libya ran into a setback after armed protests blocked output from two fields.
OPEC announced a production target of 32.5 million bpd at its Nov. 30 meeting, which was based on low figures for Libya and Nigeria and included Indonesia, which has since left the group.
The Libyan and Nigerian reductions mean OPEC output in March has averaged 32.01 million bpd, about 260,000 bpd above its supply target adjusted to remove Indonesia.
The Reuters survey is based on shipping data provided by external sources, Thomson Reuters flows data, and information provided by sources at oil companies, OPEC and consulting firms.
(This version of the story corrects spelling of name to Mohammad in paragraph four)
(Editing by Dale Hudson and Alexander Smith)
May 2 Pengqi Technology Development
* Says its shareholder's 200.28 million shares, representing 11.43 percent stake, has been frozen by court from May 2 for 2 years
* Says its shares to halt trade from May 3
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2pTebwq; bit.ly/2qoECdc
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
(ADVISORY- Follow European and UK stock markets in real time on the Reuters Live Markets blog on Eikon, see cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets)
* FTSE 100 up x.x pct
* Wolseley surges after results
* Miners, banks recover
By Kit Rees
LONDON, March 28 Britain's top share index traded flat on Tuesday, underpinned by a recovery in miners and banks as well as a surge in Wolseley's shares following strong results, though sterling strength capped gains.
The FTSE 100 was flat at 7,291.96 points by 0910 GMT, slightly underperforming a positive broader European market.
The index hit a one-month low on Monday as equity markets sold off when a failed U.S. healthcare bill cast doubts as to whether President Donald Trump could deliver on his other campaign promises, such as tax reform and infrastructure spending.
A stronger pound, however, put pressure on the FTSE, whose dollar-earnings constituents have enjoyed support from sterling weakness since the Brexit vote last June.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Theresa May will trigger Britain's withdrawal from the European Union.
"Most of the (UK) economic downside is largely already priced in, which would suggest that as long as we stay above the recent lows then the risk remains more to the upside than the downside," Michael Hewson, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, said in a note.
Shares in Wolseley were the biggest gainers, up 6.4 percent and almost hitting a decade high after reporting a strong set of first-half results.
The heating and plumbing products supplier posted a 25 percent rise in first-half profit as growth in the United States more than offset tough trading conditions in Britain and the Nordics.
The company said it plans to change its name to Ferguson Plc, its top brand in its largest market, the United States.
"We believe the market could view these steps ultimately to attempt to unlock the multiple discrepancy between the U.S. listed peers and Wolseley," analysts at UBS said in a note.
Insurer Aviva was another top FTSE gainer, rising 1.1 percent after saying it was looking to sell its Friends Provident International unit for up to $750 million, according to a media report.
A price target upgrade from Jefferies also helped the stock.
"2016FY marked the third reporting day in a row where Aviva's share price rose by 7 percent, confirming Aviva as the current momentum play within the UK insurance sector," analysts at Jefferies said in a note.
"We raise our price target by 14% to 600p reflecting share buyback confirmation and our increased confidence in management's capital reallocation and earnings growth plans."
A rebound in British mining and banking stocks also helped to cap losses, with lender Standard Chartered and miner Rio Tinto among top gainers.
British midcaps, however, underperformed, with the FTSE 250 down 0.1 percent.
The biggest faller was OneSavings Banks, which dropped 5.8 percent after investor J.C. Flowers sold a 10 percent stake. (Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
(Repeats item from March 30, no changes in text)
* Options foray as China matures in markets
* Monthly soymeal futures volume rivals Brent crude
* Dalian one of four futures markets in China
By Hallie Gu and Josephine Mason
BEIJING, March 30 Soymeal, a chief ingredient in tofu, is set to provide rich nutrition of another kind: China is using the animal feed staple to blaze a trail in commodities derivatives, fuelling its appetite for global investment hub status along the way.
On Friday, Dalian Commodities Exchange, one of four futures centres in China, will roll out a soymeal option, the country's first exchange-traded product of its kind in commodities.
The derivatives are designed to make it easier for the likes of traders, pig farmers and the companies who process soybeans into oil and feed to hedge price swing risks. Worth $7 billion, Dalian's soymeal futures are the country's largest agricultural market.
Fifteen years in the making, the soymeal options give holders the right to buy or sell a product at a particular strike price, and will appeal to another group - China's cash-rich speculative investors, who have piled into everything from eggs to iron ore in the past year, disrupting global commodity prices in the process.
"We have been trading equity options, now we will give a shot at this first commodity option," said Mo Qingping, investment director at ESFund Management Co, with more than 2 billion yuan ($290 million) in assets. One of its main shareholders is Shenzhen-listed investment firm GF Securities Co , worth more than $18 billion by market value.
As the world's second-largest economy has expanded, and with it an appetite for everything from copper to corn, futures trading in China has surged in recent years and now rivals the United States and Europe in volume terms.
Dalian launched soymeal futures almost 20 years ago, but its foray into more complex instruments demonstrates the growing maturity of its risk management offering as China aims to play a bigger role on the global derivatives market. Beijing regulators are now considering prising open China's long-closed futures markets to foreign investors.
In an emailed statement on Thursday, the Dalian exchange cautioned it does not expect big volumes immediately, due to the complexity of the product.
Still, the potential is vast.
More than 17.5 million lots of Dalian soymeal futures, equivalent to 175 million tonnes of soymeal, have changed hands so far this month. That's more than three times the size of U.S. annual soymeal output, and on a par with Brent crude oil futures turnover, arguably the highest-profile futures contract in the world.
GROWING MATURITY
With 85 percent of beans crushed in China brought in from abroad, it makes sense for the feed and meat industry to want additional protection against price volatility, said JY Chow, food and agriculture expert at Mizuho Bank in Singapore.
"The global grain and meat market will gain in complexity and uncertainty, so it is good that Chinese market becomes more sophisticated - moving in parallel with the maturity of the industry," he said.
Guo Can, who imports soybeans and sells soymeal for a major soybean crusher in eastern Shandong province, has been practising using the new-fangled hedging product on a simulated trading platform.
"We aim to get involved, but we will see the trading volume first," he said. "If it's quite active, we will buy in."
Friday's launch coincides with the release of the U.S. government's first estimate for grain acreage for the current season, one of the most widely anticipated reports on the agricultural calendar - and one which often roils prices.
This week, Shandong-based Luzheng Futures, one of 10 market makers appointed to ensure liquidity, was making final checks on its trading systems.
Even though he has handled options in other markets for almost a decade, Lin Qihong, investment director at the brokerage's option market maker division, remained cautious on the eve of the Friday launch.
"This is China's first commodities option product after all. We've got to be a bit careful," he said.
($1 = 6.8875 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Hallie Gu and Josephine Mason; Additional reporting by Dominique Patton in BEIJING and Naveen Thukral in SINGAPORE; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
A doctor and nurses drink coffee as they take a break at Al Awda Hospital, a private medical facility in the northern Gaza Strip, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boys Mohammed al-Bayed (R), 13, and Amjad Bahar, 4, who suffer from cerebral palsy, lie on a a bed at Mabaret Falasteen charity in Gaza City, March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian girl Jana Al-Bodi, 5, lies on a bed before nurses remove stitches over her eye at Al Awda Hospital, a private medical facility in the northern Gaza Strip, March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Doctors and medics perform a surgery for Palestinian woman Sadeya al-Shafi, 60, in the operating room at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian patients present their documents as they wait to receive treatment at an outpatient clinic at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian girl Marah Mokat, 4 months old, who fractured her leg, is carried by her father as she waits for medical checks at an outpatient clinic at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boy Mohammed Bahtiti, 13, who fractured his leg, waits for medical checks at an outpatient clinic at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boy Ahmed Abu Saman, 16, who was injured in a car accident, lies on a bed at the emergency department at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
The grandmother of Palestinian boy Yehia al-Samna, 8, watches him as he undergoes a kidney dialysis at a public paediatric hospital in Gaza City, March 28, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boy Adel Shomar, 3, who suffers from cerebral palsy, is helped to walk up the stairs by a physiotherapist at Mabaret Falasteen charity in Gaza City, March 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boy Riyad al-Zeitounya (C), 6, who suffers from cerebral palsy, attends a class at a school run by Mabaret Falasteen charity in Gaza City, March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian boy Mohammed Bahtiti (L), 13, who fractured his leg, waits for medical checks at an outpatient clinic at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
Palestinian girl Nour Seyam, 3, who suffers from tonsillitis, is checked by a doctor at an outpatient clinic at Shifa hospital, Gaza's largest public medical facility, in Gaza City, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Mohammed Salem
GAZA For many patients suffering from life-threatening diseases in the Gaza Strip, treatment in neighboring Israel or the occupied West Bank is a much sought-after option.
But Israel tightly restricts Palestinian passage from the Gaza Strip, one of its bitterest enemies. Although it exempts from the ban Gazans seeking "life-saving or life-changing medical treatment" if it is unavailable in the territory, crossing the border isn't easy.
Gaza, an enclave of two million Palestinians ruled by the anti-Israel Hamas movement, suffers from a chronic shortage of hospital beds, medical equipment and specialist physicians, says Ashraf al-Qidra, a spokesman for Gaza's Health Ministry.
Egypt, Gaza's neighbor to the south, is an option for those seeking medical checks, not urgent surgery, and patients who are barred from entering Israel. But the Egyptian government is at odds with Hamas and keeps its own frontier with the Palestinian territory largely closed. It opens the crossing once every 40 days, for a few days each time.
Qidra said at least half those who apply for treatment in Israel or the occupied West Bank are turned down by Israeli authorities.
"Should we have the proper medications and equipment, our doctors would be capable of handling the treatment of many patients," Qidra told Reuters. "The ban not only worsens health conditions of those patients but some had actually died waiting."
Gaza human rights groups say Israeli security at the crossing with the territory sometimes question patients in an attempt to gather intelligence or recruit them as informers.
Treatment for an estimated 6,000 cerebral palsy patients poses a particular problem. Many families cannot afford the cost of care and some do not want to expose their loved ones' affliction to outsiders. Gazan healthcare providers complain the Israeli blockade deprives them of vital resources.
"The major difficulties are known, as they are mainly financial problems because of the siege," said Jamila Alewa, who runs the Saja Centre, which treats some of the roughly 6,000 people in Gaza that have cerebral palsy.
"The poor financial conditions of families (means they) cannot take responsibility for their children who suffer from cerebral palsy or provide them with medical care such as physiotherapy, speech therapy, occupational therapy."
Israel says requests for medical care are reviewed on their merits in coordination with Palestinian representatives. The country's Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT), the group that liaises with Palestinian authorities on border crossings, said about 20,000 Gazans enter Israel per month, mainly for medical treatment.
"We see medical care as the highest priority and there is no compromise on the subject; we're doing whatever it takes to save a life," COGAT said on its website.
In figures posted on the website a month ago, COGAT said that between January 2015 and September 2016, some 200 medical personnel from the Gaza Strip participated in training courses at leading hospitals in Israel.
(Editing by Larry King)
Diageo Plc
* Diageo says has reviewed spirits bottling footprint, and that some jobs in european bottling plants may be impacted toward end of year
* Diageo says now entering consultation period w/ employees and their representatives to discuss proposals in more detail Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Bristow Group Inc
* BRISTOW ANNOUNCES NEW CONTRACT WITH HESS CORPORATION FOR SEARCH AND RESCUE
* BRISTOW GROUP INC - AS PART OF CONTRACT, HESS JOINS SHELL OFFSHORE AS SECOND MEMBER OF NEW SAR CONSORTIUM FORMED BY BRISTOW
* BRISTOW GROUP INC - CO'S AFFILIATE WAS AWARDED A CONTRACT WITH HESS CORPORATION FOR MEDEVAC AND SEARCH AND RESCUE (SAR) SERVICES IN GULF OF MEXICO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to his ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
WASHINGTON World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said on Thursday that the multilateral lender does not plan to change its stance on financing alternative energy projects and mitigating the effects of climate change.
Asked about the Trump administration's skepticism about climate change at a news conference, Kim said the World Bank would continue to work with governments and the private sector to boost financing for alternative energy, especially in China, India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Pakistan and Vietnam.
"The science of climate change didn't change with any particular election, and I don't see that it will," Kim said. "We have to be an evidence-based organization."
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Kenenisa Bekele (L) and Feyisa Lilesa (R) of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Kenenisa Bekele (L) and Feyisa Lilesa (R) of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Kenenisa Bekele (L) and Feyisa Lilesa (R) of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Abel Kirui of Kenya (L-R) Feyisa Lilesa of Ethiopia, Ghirmay Ghebreslassie of Eritrea, Bedan Karoki of Kenya and Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Abel Kirui of Kenya (L-R) Feyisa Lilesa of Ethiopia, Ghirmay Ghebreslassie of Eritrea, Bedan Karoki of Kenya and Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
Britain Athletics - London Marathon Previews - London - 20/4/17 Kenenisa Bekele (L) and Feyisa Lilesa (R) of Ethiopia ahead of the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon Action Images via Reuters / Matthew Childs Livepic
LONDON Triple Olympic track champion Kenenisa Bekele is somewhat surprised that his sepia-tinged 5,000 and 10,000-metres world records are still standing but, at 34, he still feels he can complete a remarkable hat-trick by claiming the marathon mark.
Ethiopian Bekele, widely regarded as the greatest distance runner of all time, set 5,000m and 10,000m world records in 2004, improving the longer distance a year later, and nobody has got remotely close to either since.
After finding his feet in the marathon, he posted the second-fastest time ever - two hours, three minutes and three seconds - when winning Berlin last September, six seconds outside Dennis Kimetto's world record of 2:02:57, set on the same course in 2014.
On Sunday, finally running free of the succession of back, hip and calf injuries that have dogged the last five years of his career, he hopes to be able to go one better by winning the London Marathon and eclipsing Kimetto's world record.
"Times are very important," Bekele told reporters in London on Thursday. "On the track I don't see anyone out there looking like they can reach my marks at the moment. In the marathon, running 2.10 and winning would not give you full happiness. Winning in 2:04 would be a different feeling.
"But it's really challenging. It's almost 10,000 metres pace so it's difficult. I had to learn how to run differently from the track, a different foot strike. Every race, every course is different and I'm learning with every one."
Fellow Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie previously held the world records for 5,000m, 10,000m and marathon but nobody has held all three at the same time.
Bekele was third in London last year and said he really enjoyed and learned from the experience.
"The crowd here are different from any other race," he said. "People like the sport here. It's very special."
Last year's winner, Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya, will not be defending his title as he concentrates on trying to dip under two hours as part of Nike's "Breaking2" project.
Bekele's strongest challenge could instead come from Eritrean Ghirmay Ghebreslassie, who was crowned marathon world champion at 19 two years ago.
The women's race is also intriguing, with twice-winner Mary Keitany installed as favourite after last year's London and Olympic champion and fellow Kenyan Jemima Sumgong pulled out after failing a doping test.
Sumgong's positive for the blood booster EPO brought stinging criticism from some of her compatriots ahead of the race.
"For me it really embarrasses the sport," said Florence Kiplagat.
"I am ashamed because we are losing top athletes like that."
Ketainy added: "I think all of Kenya now is in the spotlight. I don't want such a mess."
Vivian Cheruiyot, the Olympic 5,000m champion, urged Sumgong, who has yet to have her positive test confirmed by her B sample, to cooperate with the authorities.
"She knows that she went for that injection," she said. "She can't say she didn't know.
"I remember her winning in Rio and that everyone was happy for Kenya. If she is using something it is very disappointing."
(Editing by Andrew Heavens)
(Reuters Health) - Using hair to measure long-term levels of the stress hormone cortisol, UK researchers confirm the link between chronic stress and packing on pounds, as well as difficulty shedding excess weight.
Previous research has tied high levels of the stress hormone cortisol in the blood, urine or saliva to obesity, but these measurements can vary based on factors like the time of day and don't capture long-term stress levels, the study team notes in the journal Obesity.
“When people are facing a stressful situation, a chain reaction is set off in the body that results in the release of cortisol, leading to higher levels of this hormone in the body,” said lead study author Sarah Jackson of University College London.
“Cortisol is involved in a broad range of biological processes, including metabolism, body composition and the accumulation of body fat,” Jackson said by email. “When we're stressed out we may also find it more difficult to find the motivation to go for a run or resist unhealthy foods.”
Stress sets off alarms in the brain that trigger the nervous system to release hormones to sharpen the senses, tense the muscles, speed up the pulse and deepen breathing. Commonly called a flight or flight response, this biological reaction helps us defend ourselves in threatening situations.
Isolated or temporary stressful situations may not be harmful, but routine exposure to stress can lead to immune system problems, heart disease, nervous system complications and mental health disorders in addition to obesity.
For the study researchers examined data collected from men and women aged 54 and older taking part in the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing. Participants underwent tests every two years starting in 2002, and during the sixth wave of the study they provided a hair clipping.
The study team tested cortisol levels that accumulated in the hair over time in 2,527 men and women and found that participants with more cortisol in their hair were also more likely to be obese or have lots of excess fat around their midsection.
Researchers looked at cortisol levels in the two centimeters of hair closest to the scalp, which typically represents about two months' growth. They also looked at weight, waist circumference and body mass index (BMI), a measure of weight relative to height.
Participants who were classified as obese based on their BMI or waist circumference had particularly high levels of hair cortisol, the study found. Analyzing weight and body fat data from assessments in the four years prior to when the hair clipping was taken, researchers also found that obesity tended to persist over time for the people with the highest cortisol levels.
The study wasn't a controlled experiment designed to prove how stress directly impacts cortisol levels or weight gain.
Other limitations include the primarily white, older adult study population, which means results may be different with younger people or other racial or ethnic groups, the authors note.
Even so, the findings add to growing evidence linking stress to obesity, said Dr. Susan Fried, of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in New York.
Cortisol is released in response to many stresses, Fried, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. Chronically high cortisol is thought to promote fat accumulation around the waist and increase the ability of fat cells to store fat.
The fix for stressed out people looking to shed excess pounds isn't clear from the study results, however.
“I don't think there is strong evidence or consistent studies showing stress reduction itself causes weight loss,” Fried said. “There is accumulating evidence that sleep is very important; people overeat when under-rested.”
The findings do suggest that people may need to take a holistic approach to weight loss that goes beyond diet and exercise to consider factors like stress, said Dr. David Katz, director of the Yale University Prevention Research Center in New Haven, Connecticut.
“You might think you need to improve your diet, or exercise more, and that's true,” Katz, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email. “But for you, the first priority might be to manage stress better so you are more capable of doing those things, and reduce a hormonal barrier to weight control into the bargain.”
SOURCE: bit.ly/2kX4fQk Obesity, online February 23, 2017.
April 28 Shenzhen Ellassay Fashion Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 2.66 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/aVvtQt
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
* Sinopec says fire extinguished, no casualties
* Says will not affect petrochemical production (Updates to show fire has been put out)
BEIJING, April 13 Sinopec Corp said on Thursday that a fire in a warehouse at a petrochemical and refining complex in southern China operated by one of its subsidiaries was put out at 2:20 pm local time and had not affected production.
Sinopec said in a statement the fire started at 9:55 (0255 GMT) on Thursday in a warehouse for synthetic rubber in the facility operated by Sinopec Maoming Petrochemical Corp in the province of Guangdong. It said there were no casualties.
The Maoming plant is one of the country's largest oil refineries, producing 360,000 barrels per day, and is also able to churn out 1.1 million tonnes of ethylene annually.
Part of the refinery was shut from March 20 for planned maintenance, a company source told Reuters previously.
Sinopec said it would investigate the cause of the fire and avoid similar accidents in future.
(Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk; and Chen Aizhu; Editing by Joseph Radford)
WASHINGTON – Thirty-eight House Democrats sent a letter to President Trump on Wednesday voicing their concern that Wall Street insiders will be appointed to top spots at the Federal Reserve Board.
Most important among the positions is the Federal Reserve vice chairman for supervision, a post created by the Dodd-Frank Act and nominally filled by former Fed Gov. Dan Tarullo, although he was never officially tapped for the job.
UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Formula One team Force India could face further charges, UK court told
LONDON, June 13 Vijay Mallya, the co-owner of Formula One team Force India, could face further charges and a second request to extradite him from Britain to India, a London court heard on Tuesday.
NEW YORK Stocks edged lower on Wall Street on Friday after data showing the U.S. economy grew at its weakest pace in three years in the first quarter gave traders a reason to cash recent gains.
Major indexes closed up for April, however, with the Nasdaq up for six consecutive months, the longest streak in nearly four years.
Gross domestic product grew at a 0.7 percent annual rate, below the 1.2 percent rise estimated by economists, as consumer spending barely increased and businesses invested less in inventories. The economy grew at a 2.1 percent pace in the fourth quarter.
"GDP was a little bit light and that may be the cause of some weakness today," said Gary Bradshaw, portfolio manager at Hodges Capital Management in Dallas.
Citi Research's gauge on U.S. economic data surprises .CESIUSD turned negative for the first time since November.
The soft growth data is bad news for the Trump administration after campaign promises to significantly boost growth and adds to concerns among some in the market that lower taxes, deregulation and increased government spending - the main reasons for a post-election rally - will be, at the least, delayed.
"We saw the rally fade quite a bit into the last part of the first quarter," said Bradshaw. "I think you're going to have to see some (legislation) within the next couple of months, otherwise the market will become disenchanted. So far it's been all talk, no show."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI fell 40.82 points, or 0.19 percent, to close at 20,940.51, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 4.57 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,384.2 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 1.33 points, or 0.02 percent, to 6,047.61.
For the week, the Dow rose 1.9 percent, the S&P gained 1.5 percent and the Nasdaq rose 2.3 percent. During April, the Dow gained 1.3 percent, the S&P rose 0.9 percent and the Nasdaq jumped 2.3 percent.
The Nasdaq was buoyed Friday by gains in Amazon and Google's parent Alphabet.
Amazon (AMZN.O) rose as much as 3.4 percent to a life high of $949.59, and ended up 0.7 percent at $924.99, while Alphabet (GOOGL.O) gained as much as 5 percent to a record of $935.90 and closed up 3.7 percent at $924.52 after their quarterly results beat estimates.
Combined earnings reports and expectations for S&P 500 companies show profits are estimated to have risen 13.6 percent in the first quarter, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
While strong earnings have kept the market at or near record levels, persistent geopolitical tensions have weighed on investors' minds.
Intel (INTC.O) fell 3.4 percent to $36.15 after the company reported lower-than-expected quarterly revenue.
Baidu (BIDU.O) ended down 4.1 percent at $180.23 after the Chinese internet company forecast second-quarter revenue largely below estimates.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.59-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.76-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 39 new 52-week highs and six new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 103 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.94 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges on Friday, above the 6.55 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
CHICAGO Wal-Mart Stores Inc's (WMT.N) chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to $22.4 million (17.49 million pounds) in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust.
CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014.
In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6 percent to $22.8 billion, compared with an 11 percent drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8 percent to $485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1 percent to $496 billion.
The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3 percent in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain.
Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. [nL1N1G60DJ]
Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of $11.55 million, a slight increase from $11.54 million a year ago.
U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of $243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned $7.6 million.
(Editing by Diane Craft and Matthew Lewis)
May 2 Iridium Communications Inc
* Iridium announces successful completion of first-launch Iridium Next Satellites activities and second launch date
* Targeted launch date for second payload of ten iridium next satellites as June 29, 2017, at 1:02pm PDT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRUSSELS Several EU leaders took advantage of a Brexit summit on Saturday to finalise deals settling various thorny issues as part of a strategy to present a united front ahead of tough negotiations with Britain on its withdrawal from the bloc.
With discussions with Britain due to take place over the next two years, the European Union is aware that maintaining a united front among the 27 remaining members could be difficult.
"Brexit means the 27 need to keep close together. The Commission needs to clear away unnecessary irritants. It is conducive to take all these things away," an EU official said.
Spain and Portugal set the tone, saying they had settled their dispute on the former's planned nuclear dump site at the Almaraz power plant which had raised fears of cross-border environmental risks.
Portugal, which has no nuclear power reactors and is generally distrustful of Spain's seven nuclear-fuelled power plants in January called on the Commission to intervene in the case.
"We have reached agreement on the Almaraz case. Our agreement relies solidly on a set of joint operational conclusions," Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy, Portuguese premier Antonio Costa and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said in a joint statement.
"This is the European spirit of finding compromises for the smooth functioning of our common Union at its best."
Separately, Slovenia and Croatia, which will have access to the open-border Schengen area by June 27, said they would work together to facilitate cross-border traffic between the two countries.
Slovenian Prime Minister Miro Cerar and his Croatian counterpart Andrej Plenkovic sorted out the issue together with Juncker on the sidelines of the Brexit summit in Brussels.
"Slovenia and Croatia agree they will notify the Commission of the decision to carry out targeted checks whenever the waiting time at specified land border crossing points between the two countries is longer than 15 minutes," the EU executive said in a statement.
Denmark, which will exit Europol on May 1, inked a new deal with the EU's police agency allowing it to exchange operational data and deploy liaison officers.
"Being fully in line with European data protection rules, Denmark will have a unique status which will allow for much closer ties with Europol without amounting to full membership," the Commission said.
(Writing by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Ros Russell)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
YouTube singer Austin Jones arrested on child pornography charges
LOS ANGELES, June 14 A 24-year-old YouTube singer with a teen fan base has been charged with using social media to solicit explicit videos from two young female fans.
KIGALI, April 3 Inmates protesting living conditions at Gasabo prison in the Rwandan capital of Kigali hurled stones over the prison's walls on Monday, damaging nearby houses and disrupting traffic, residents and officials said.
Rioting began on Friday when the prison, which houses at least 5,000 inmates, caught fire, according to residents living near the prison. Police used tear gas to stop the protest. The cause of the fire is still under investigation.
"This morning at about 9 a.m., prisoners started rioting but within one hour we managed to stop it," Hillary Sengabo, spokesman of the Rwanda prisons, told reporters outside the prison.
"Only tear gas was used. No bullets. Even if some of them might be in need of blankets or other utensils, rioting is not a solution."
Riots are rare in Rwanda. The United Nations Special Rapporteur on the Rights to Freedom of Peaceful Assembly and of Association has in the past described Rwanda as a nation where protests are not allowed. "It was like 200 people throwing stones at the same time and when the riot police arrived, they kept throwing stones," Henriette Uwase, who lives near the prison, told Reuters.
"They were hurling stones over there and it looked like hundreds of stones being thrown. You can see it, the window and door glasses have been smashed," said another resident, who did not wish to be named.
A Reuters witness saw police officers enter carrying handcuffs as authorities were questioning the prisoners. The media were not allowed to enter the prison.
President Paul Kagame is widely admired for restoring stability to Rwanda after its 1994 genocide, presiding over rapid economic growth and creating a relatively corruption-free government. But rights activists say those achievements have come at the expense of civil liberties. (Editing by George Obulutsa, Larry King)
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
May 2 Exceet Group Se
* Potential buyer of an equity stake who contemplated tender offer to shareholders withdrew consideration to issue tender offer
* Informed by potential buyer who negotiated with Oranje-Nassau Participaties regarding acquisition of about 27.8 pct of voting share that he refrained from further negotiations
* Potential buyer will not make a tender offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 Mosaic Co said on Friday an outage at its Esterhazy K2 potash mine in Saskatchewan will likely reduce production by 200,000-300,000 tonnes.
The disruption will impact second-quarter potash sales volumes, the world's largest producer of finished phosphate products said.
The outage was caused by a skip, a device that transports potash to the surface.
Operations in the mine are expected to resume over the next few days, the company said.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
(Repeats Friday story without change)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, April 7 America First may be a main policy of the White House and fuel to the stock market rally but U.S. investors are looking overseas for stronger earnings as S&P 500 companies are set to report their first quarter of double-digit profit gains since 2014.
A strong earnings season would help justify pricey stock valuations, with the S&P 500 rallying this month to its most expensive since 2004 on a forward price-to-earnings basis.
While the U.S. economy has gotten a lot of attention since the Nov. 8 election and President Donald Trump's vows to boost the domestic economy, data during the quarter has suggested the global economy is strengthening.
That is welcome news for S&P components, since nearly half of their sales come from overseas.
Shares of the biggest U.S. companies, which tend to have the most overseas exposure, have been among the strongest performers over the past several weeks. For instance, the S&P 500 has outperformed its average stock this year since mid-February, after performing mostly in line at the beginning of the year. [www.bit.ly/2oQPVXF ]
"The fact that we're seeing stabilization in the global community will bode well for multinational companies and help earnings for the first quarter," said Terry Sandven, senior equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.
"You've also seen the dollar not appreciate as much as many had forecast a quarter ago, so multinational companies may get some relief on the (foreign exchange) line," he said.
A weaker dollar boosts offshore revenues when they are translated into the U.S. currency. The U.S. dollar index was down 1.8 percent in the first quarter, but it was still cheaper during last year's first quarter.
STRONGER DATA AS EARNINGS LOOM
A survey this week showed euro zone business activity at a six-year high. Forecasts from the International Monetary Fund show a pickup in the global economy in 2017 and 2018, especially in developing economies.
However, some investors worry multinationals may have already priced in big gains in earnings.
"As long as nothing changes, these firms are going to be fine," said Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank in Chicago, speaking of the strength of the largest American companies.
He warned, however, that stock prices may have taken in any good news. "The market has certainly fully discounted all that."
The U.S. earnings season gets under way next week, with results from banks JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo and Citigroup among others. The financial sector is projected to post a 15.4 percent profit gain, second only to energy among S&P sectors.
Energy companies, which carried most of the losses that extended an S&P 500 earnings recession until the second quarter of last year, are expected to do most of the heavy lifting this earnings season with a whopping 600 percent increase.
For the entire S&P 500, analysts are projecting earnings up 10.1 percent compared with a year ago, which would be the first double-digit increase since the third quarter of 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Excluding the energy sector, S&P 500 earnings are expected to be up 6.1 percent.
Revenue is expected to have jumped 7 percent, the most since 2011, which should help compensate for higher wage and other costs facing companies, strategists said.
"We're seeing revenues contribute materially more to that bottom-line growth," said Patrick Palfrey, senior equity strategist at RBC Capital Markets in New York.
Big profit gains are expected in technology and materials as well, the data showed.
"It comes down to a synchronized global economic acceleration ...; a rebound and stabilization in commodity prices and a higher interest rate environment," Palfrey said.
(Reporting by Caroline Valetkevitch; Editing by Rodrigo Campos and James Dalgleish)
KUALA LUMPUR Malaysian police took statements from three North Koreans wanted for questioning in the murder of Kim Jong Nam before they were allowed to leave the country along with the body of the victim, police chief Khalid Abu Bakar told a news conference on Friday.
Kim Jong Nam, the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was murdered at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Feb. 13 by assassins using VX nerve agent, a chemical so lethal that it is on a U.N. list of weapons of mass destruction.
The North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur initially said the victim was Kim Jong Nam, but identified him the next day as Kim Chol, the name given in the dead man's passport, the police chief said. Since then, North Korea has maintained that the dead man is not Kim Jong Nam.
The three North Koreans and the remains of Kim Jong Nam returned to North Korea on Friday via Beijing in a swap deal that saw nine Malaysians allowed to return home from Pyongyang.
(Reporting by Rozanna Latiff; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
PARIS Defeated French presidential election first-round candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon said on Friday he would not give any indication as to who his supporters should vote for in the May 7 runoff.
"Me, I will vote...but I am not going to tell you how," Melenchon said in a video message posted on youtube.com.
"You don't need me to know what you are going to do. I am not a guru, not a guide".
Just under 20 percent of people who cast a vote in the first round picked Melechon.
One poll on Friday by Odoxa showed that about 40 percent of those who voted for Melenchon in round one would vote for the centrist Emmanuel Macron, who is overall expected to win the second round with about 60 percent of the total vote.
Odoxa said his run-off rival, far-right leader Marine Le Pen would get 19 percent of the Melenchon first-round vote, while 41 percent of it would be abstentions, the poll said.
(Reporting by Cyril Camu; Writing by Maya Nikolaeva; Editing by Andrew Callus)
Steeve Briois, Mayor of Henin-Beaumont and newly appointed President of the French National Front (FN) political party, attends a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Close-up view of the handshaking between Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan after a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan after a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan before a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election and Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan attend a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Marine Le Pen (R) French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election shakes hands with Debout La France group former candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan after a news conference in Paris, France, April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau
PARIS French far-right presidential hopeful Marine Le Pen said on Saturday she would appoint defeated first-round candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan as her prime minister if she was to be elected on May 7.
Right-winger Dupont-Aignan, who scored 4.7 percent of votes in the first round on April 23, announced on Friday that he was backing Le Pen, as widely expected.
"As President of the Republic I will name Nicolas Dupont-Aignan Prime Minister, supported by a presidential majority and united by the national interest," she told a news conference in Paris at which the two politicians sat together.
Dupont-Aignan said he had signed an agreement on the future government with Le Pen that took into account some "modifications" of her programme.
Polls on Friday showed centrist Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidential runoff with 59-60 percent of votes, although Le Pen has gained some ground since the start of the week.
(Reporting by Matthias Blamont; Editing by Andrew Callus)
March 31 CIM Financial Services Ltd:
* Declared interim dividend of 0.13 rupees per share in respect of FY ending Sept. 30, 2017, to be paid on or about May 3 Source: bit.ly/2ohsdHo Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia hits a backhand against Venus Williams of the United States (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 6-3, 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 6-3, 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 6-3, 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a forehand against Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 6-3, 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 27, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Venus Williams of the United States hits a backhand against Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia (not pictured) on day seven of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Williams won 6-3, 7-6(4). Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Venus Williams had every reason to smile on Monday as she defeated Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-3 7-6(4) to advance to the quarter-finals at the Miami Open.
Williams, who will next play Angelique Kerber after the top seed cruised by Japanese qualifier Risa Ozaki 6-2 6-2, is a three-time champion in Miami and first played in the tournament as a 16-year-old.
“I was still in braces, it's been a long time,” she said in a post-match interview.
The 36-year-old delivered exquisite shot-making during a rally on match point to eliminate the twice major champion Kuznetsova.
Her next opponent Kerber was barely tested in her 62-minute match, feasting off her opponents' serve, while second seed Karolina Pliskova also reached the quarter-finals as she beat 15th-seeded Czech compatriot Barbora Strycova 6-1 6-4. Pliskova cruised through the first set in 22 minutes and looked ready to wrap up a quick victory when she went ahead 5-2 in the second but Strycova found life late in the match breaking Pliskova then holding at love. Pliskova recovered to take the final game. French Open champion Garbine Muguruza retired from her match with Caroline Wozniacki after dropping the first set. The sixth seed took a medical timeout after dropping the first set 7-6(1) to Wozniacki and decided she was unable to continue.
“I started normal, and then like at 3-3 or something like this I started to feel headache, pain in my stomach," Muguruza said. "And then it kind of went more and more during the match. "When I was getting to the 5-4, something like this, I started to feel a little bit dizzy. I think it was the heat? The heat affected me suddenly like that.” Wozniacki has now advanced to her sixth quarter-final in seven 2017 events. In other women's matches, third seed Simona Halep overcame Australian Samantha Stosur 4-6 7-5 6-2, and former Czech world number five Lucie Safarova beat Slovakian fourth seed Dominika Cibulkova 7-6(5) 6-1 to reach the last eight. For unseeded Safarova, who is on the comeback trail from a bacterial infection that hampered her for parts of the past two seasons, the win marked her first top-10 victory since 2015.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto, additional reporting by Jahmal Corner, Editing by Steve Keating/Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 28Olympus Corp
* Says it won a lawsuit against 6 former directors of the company, who were involved in serial of rigging of accounting activities
* Says 6 former directors were ordered to pay 58.79 billion yen to the company
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/lRp4SZ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
OnTrack: CSK Racing – VLR Emerald EKN Publisher enjoys great day with Tri-C Karters
Rob Howden sampling the VLR chassis during Tri-C Karters opening weekend at CalSpeed (Photo: Trisha Thibodeaux / Tri-C Karters)
It's not uncommon for the EKN office to receive invitations to drive karts in club and regional events, and trust me, if we had the time and an unlimited travel budget, I'm sure that David and I would accept every offer. There are some tracks and clubs that we'd love to cross off the bucket list, but the truth is that we simply don't have a bottomless well of cash or enough airline credit to fly around the country. So, the best option is adding track tests or actual participation to the events that we're already planning to attend. David and I have both raced at the Rock Island Grand Prix, and we're looking to get DC behind the wheel in Phoenix is a couple of weeks, when we're there to cover the second round of the Challenge of Americas. That said, I wasn't actually planning to attend the opening round of the Tri-C Karters in Fontana, but my most recent outing behind the wheel benefitted from some good timing, which made it all work. Having travelled southwest to the first COTA winter series round in Tucson in late January, I was already planning to remain in Southern California until Round #2 in Phoenix on February 24-26, so when the message arrived with an invitation to drive at CalSpeed, I was all in. I was staying just an hour from the track, and a fun Saturday in the seat sounded like a great idea.
CalSpeed Karting's Mike Smith reached out to me in early January with an offer to drive one of their new Briggs 206-powered VLR Emerald karts at the opening Tri-C round, and the race date was just a week after the COTA event at Tucson, so the option was viable. I'd worked closely with Mike in the late-2000's when I published IndoorKartingNews.com, a site that I launched to focus on league racing at indoor tracks around the country. Mike was the top competitor indoor kart racer in the nation, having won the US Indoor Karting Championship in Phoenix in 2008. He competed overseas in the Indoor Kart World Championship in Belgium as well, finishing an incredible fifth. Mike also earned a spot on my IKN All-Star team through a nationwide driver search to race in the 2009 Machismo 12-Hour, and he and the three drivers in my all-star quartet would go on to win that race. Ironically, Mike now works full-time for Rob Niles, the promoter of the Machismo and the owner of the company that runs the karting program at Auto Club Speedway.
That stated, Mike's invitation to try out the new CSK Racing Arrive-and-Drive program was a welcomed opportunity to re-connect with a friend and colleague. The invite also provided a chance to do something that I've never done before, as I was quite surprised when I realized that I've actually never driven a lap at CalSpeed. I've announced a dozen or so races at the facility, including IKF Region 7, Stars of Karting, CKI and Challenge of the Americas events, but I'd never actually been on the track myself. This seemed like the perfect opportunity, and since I hadn't driven since late last summer, I jumped at the chance. The new VLR Sr. Spec LO206 class at Tri-C provides a level playing field with a spec kart, spec gear, limited chassis adjustment and a minimum weight of 365 pounds that's focused on a 200-pound driver, which makes it extremely user-friendly and accessible to all. As we've discussed on EKN so many times before, if we can remove the barriers of entry to the sport, it will become much easily for people to experience karting and to all in love with the thrill and excitement of driving. This class, like the Margay Ignite program, does exactly that.
The VLR is the new project from Art and Rod Verlingiere of RLV; one with the goal of providing a low-cost spec four-cycle package centered on the increasing popular Briggs 206 engine. The kart, built by EKS in Italy, utilizes a mix of 28mm and 30mm tubing, a removable front bar, adjustable rear-ride height, a 40mm axle and a front geometry set-up that allows for minimal adjustment. The kart is finished with KG FP-7 bodywork and a spec 0039 seats. It's a nice package, priced at $3995 race-ready with Bridgestone YLC tires.
My VLR experience was laid out with Friday afternoon practice ahead of a full race day with the Tri-C Karters on Saturday, which includes a morning warm-up, qualifying, two heats and a main. Our planned Friday practice was scuttled by rain, as with sun coming on Saturday, not a soul elected to hit the track for wet weather practice.
On Saturday morning, Smith took the new CSK drivers for a track walk, detailing the driving line and unique aspects of CalSpeed's ‘Sportivo' layout. Driver coaching is a positive component of the CSK program, helping to expedite the learning curve of the new racers they're hoping to attract with the arrive-and-drive effort. I took full advantage of Smith's expertise and insight, and joined a half-dozen drivers for the tour. The primary overtaking opportunities on the Sportivo layout are the two hairpins – Monaco and Long Beach – but you can also make moves in two other areas of the track. Mike detailed corner entry and exit points, and detailed some of the dangers to stay away from. It was an extremely useful session.
The track surface was cold and a little damp for our warm-up, and considering the fact that I'd never driven the track, I took the first laps a little easier. I also simply wanted to get a feel for the VLR, gauging the quickness of the front-end at turn-in, how the brakes felt and how the kart would rotate at the apex with the stock set-up. A number of drivers spun during the opening laps of our warm-up, caught out by our cold Bridgestones and the slippery racing surface, and I didn't want to be part of that action. I really liked the flow of the Sportivo layout, with two hairpins, a couple of double-apex sweepers and corner combinations that leverage the elevation changes of the facility. I came up to speed quickly during the warm-up session and was comfortable in the VLR, which was very balanced despite the slippery nature of the cold track surface. Once the Bridgestones started to come up to temperature, the grip increased and I was able to start taking some corners flat-out, albeit with a nice controlled drift. I was able to lay down the best lap of 54.013, about a second off the quickest time of the session. I knew I'd have ground to make up from the get-go, as the VLR Sr. Spec program has attracted some of the top drivers from CalSpeed's Sport Kart program, and they have countless laps on the track. I see this as a huge positive, as it gave me a goal to shoot for, a benchmark. And with varying levels of experience in the field, everyone has someone to race with, regardless of their pace.
The trackside atmosphere at the Tri-C Karters event was exactly what I like seeing when it comes to club karting. Everyone was walking around with a smile, and Tri-C knows how to take care of their racers with coffee and donuts in the morning, and on this occasion, nachos were available at the Tri-C tent over lunch. It was a really nice touch. Even at the drivers meeting, club president Nathan Thibodeaux made certain to reiterate the core values of fun, competition and safety. I think he set the tone for the day and from what I saw, 99% of the racers were having a great time.
Qualifying was up next, and they kept us separated in leaving the pit area, as drafting was not allowed. The track was still coming in, so again, my plan was to gauge the grip level and then try to hit my marks. I stepped it up a little to find just over seven-tenths of a second, posting a 53.299 to sit seventh in the order, closing on the leaders by three tenths. I was still 0.7 seconds off, but I'd made progress, which was good.
The kart felt great, but again, I'm not a guy who throws changes at a set-up until I think I'm driving the kart to at least 90% of its limit. There's no sense trying to hide driver error with requests for adjustments. I was simply braking too tamely into the hairpins and I wasn't carry enough corner speed either. Looking back at some video of the day made me realize I was also pinching the exit of turn four at the top of the hill by the paddock, losing too much exit speed. Improving those areas would get me to where I needed to be, I believe. The kart showed neither oversteer nor understeer, so again, no changed. It was very balanced and I felt confident in it. This was all about seat time.
The opening heat race did not go as planned, as upon exiting the Monaco hairpin side-by-side with another driver on the opening lap, I got squeezed lightly into the outside tire barrier and made contact, causing a spin. In hindsight, I should have leaned back a little harder, but I was not expecting to be run out of room. Lesson learned. I pushed the kart back onto the racing surface, hopped in and got rolling again, and despite a badly bent steering shaft, I caught and passed a couple karts to finish 12th. Interestingly, I was still seventh-tenths back on outright speed to the leaders, even with the bent steering shaft, but I did get into the draft over the last two laps of the heat race as I caught a pair of karts fighting for 11th. The draft plays a big role in the 206's speed at CalSpeed, and it was evident. Back in the paddock, the CSK crew went to work and we got the steering shaft changed out in about 15 minutes. Everything else looked good on the chassis, so now I just need to get to work in the second heat to recover. I had topped the fuel tank up after being close on weight following the warm-up, and rolled across at 374 pounds. We'd just let the fuel burn up for the rest of the day and I knew I'd be good to go for the main.
CKS opens up the tracks' driver classroom/lounge for their arrive-and-drive customers, which is a nice addition, and I'm sure it will be even better in the high heat of the summer, thanks to its cooling AC. While hanging up before the second heat race, I discussed strategy with fellow driver Vladimir Orlov, who has the same speed as I did and was also involved in a Heat #1 incident, and was starting right behind me in 14th. We decided that we'd work together to move forward, but Vladimir was more aggressive over the opening laps and worked quickly past the guys in front of us while I took my time. I took things easy at the start of the second heat to avoid the expected carnage, and slipped into 11th to start the attack, right behind Vladimir. Together, we worked to ninth and tenth by the halfway point of the eight-lap heat, and then put in some good laps to pass a pair of karts, finishing up seventh and eighth to fill row four for the 15-lap final. I was getting increasingly comfortable and was pushing the braking zones, found another eight-tenths, posting a 52.417 and ended up about less than three tenths of a second off heat race winner Miles Calvin's fast lap (52.157), although Aaron Downs finished second with a quick lap of 51.866. I was inching closer, but still didn't believe the kart needed any adjustment. If I was able to latch onto the lead group at the start of the main, I thought that I'd be good to go.
Thinking about tucking in behind the lead pack, and actually making that happen, are two different things, and the start was pretty chaotic as Vladimir and I simply couldn't hold on during the opening laps. We ran in our starting positions early and we were there for the first four laps, grasping onto the tail of the pack as they battled, but they were just a tad quicker on cold tires and pulled away just enough to shake us from the draft. From there, Vlad and I raced hard and I eventually slipped past to grab seventh, but he got to the inside of me entering the downhill off-camber left-hand Sportivo corner, but tried to carry a little too much corner speed and spun at the exit. I was able to avoid him and then I pulled away to a decent gap ahead of Steve Jasinski and Jacob Linton, as they had to check up. My advantage shrunk over the last five laps as Steve and Jacob worked together, slowly reeling me in. Jacob made a move to the inside heading into right-hand turn one on the final lap, but I held my ground on the outside, knowing I'd have the inside line for the double-left turn two-three complex. I was able to get a better run through turn four as a result, and luckily, Steve was pressuring Jacob for position over the final lap. Late-race contact up front put Miles Calvin on the sidelines, which advanced me to sixth in the final tally. Miles' brother Logan Calvin took the win over stepbrothers Jon Kimbrell and Aaron Downs. Hannah Grisham and Mark Connell capped the top-five, and my hat goes off to Mark as the 48-year-old fought wheel to wheel all day with the ‘kids'.
For the most part, it was all smiles and high-fives in the scale line, which is what club karting is all about. The CSK staff provides great support and the camaraderie under the tent, and I truly had a great day. The program offers a real ‘try before you buy' opportunity, as the all-inclusive race day arrive-and-drive rental program that I enjoyed is available for just $350 at all Tri-C Karters club races in 2017. This fee includes use of the race ready VLR Spec 206 race kart, all consumables including tires, fuel and oil, a front row pit spot under the CSK team tent, and the private indoor air-conditioned driver lounge that I mentioned. The driver coaching and mechanical support are included, as are the club fees, which include the $100 class entry fee and $10 transponder rental fee. CSK Racing will also be offering a trackside support program to owners of the VLR Spec 206 kart package for $50 per race. This fee will include a pit spot under the team tent, the driver lounge, driver coaching, technical/setup advice and discounts on parts and services. It's a solid program to bring new racers into the sport.
Anyone interested in participated in an upcoming Tri-C Karters race with CSK Racing should use the following contact information to discuss opportunities with Mike Smith or a CSK staff member:
Facebook: CSK Racing
Email: mike@calspeedkarting.com
Phone: 951-506-9363
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
PRAGUE, March 31 Fortuna Entertainment Group's largest shareholder is offering to buy all remaining shares in the Czech betting group and de-list the company from the Prague and Warsaw stock exchanges, it said on Friday.
Fortbet Holdings, part of Czech-Slovak investment group Penta and Fortuna's 68.3 percent shareholder, said in a release it had announced a public offering at 98.69 crowns a share in Prague and 15.43 zlotys in Warsaw.
The offer was below trading prices on Friday, with shares up 1.1 percent at 110 crowns in Prague.
(Reporting by Jason Hovet and Robert Muller)
San Luis Obispo High School graduate Adelle Archer, 27, founded a business that turned ashes into diamonds. She was named one of Inc.'s "30 Under 30" for 2018. Courtesy photo
March 30 TIETO OYJ:
* HAS SIGNED A FOUR-YEAR DEAL WITH SWEDISH ENGINEERING AND CONSULTANCY FIRM ÅF TO MODERNIZE THE COMPANY'S IT INFRASTRUCTURE AROUND THE WORLD
* CONTRACT EXTENDS TIETO'S STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP WITH ÅF
* THE NEW DEAL GOES INTO EFFECT ON JULY 1 Source text: bit.ly/2oAZLMD Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Earlier, it was reported that popular actor Dulquer Salmaan would be a part of a Tamil movie soon, which will be directed by debutant film-maker Ra. Karthik. The film, which will be Dulquer Salmaan's third Tamil movie, is touted be a travel movie with a romantic angle, as well.
Now, here are a few more updates on this upcoming venture. According to the latest reports that have come in, this yet-to-be-titled venture will feature Dulquer Salmaan in different get-ups.
Reportedly, the team has also finalised the technical crew of the movie. Popular cinematographer George C Williams, who worked for movies like Theri and Naanum Rowdy Thaan will hande the cinematography department of this movie, as well.
This Dulquer Salmaan starrer will have its music by Dheena Dayalan. Editing of the film will be handled by Sreekar Prasad.
Reportedly, the makers of this Dulquer Salmaan starrer hasn't finalised the leading ladies of the movie, yet. Four actresses will be seen playing important roles in this venture
Dulquer Salmaan is expected to join the movie once he finishes all his existing projects. The movie is expected to go on floors this year itself.
Aug 14 (Reuters) - Commonwealth Bank Of Australia-
* ‍Managing director and chief executive officer, ian narev, will retire by end of 2018 financial year​
* Succession planning is an ongoing process at all levels of bank Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI, March 30 The cost of borrowing short-term cash against bonds at China's stock exchanges more than tripled to as much as 32 percent on Thursday as smaller financial institutions scrambled for funds before a central bank health-check on the banking industry.
The surging interest rates for one-day bond repurchase agreements, or repos, at the exchanges mirror a similar but more modest trend in China's interbank market over the past week.
The one-day repo rate at the Shanghai Stock Exchange shot to as high as 32 percent - jumping from Wednesday's range of 6 to 13 percent and to its highest level in three months - while the rate at the Shenzhen bourse touched a six-month high of 26.812 percent.
Exchange traded repos are used by non-banks, corporates and retail investors to borrow or lend cash against bonds, and the rates on these market-determined repos are often more volatile than interbank repos that are under the central bank's jurisdiction.
"It's scary. It shows smaller financial institutions are desperate for funds but big banks are unwilling to lend, so they're coming to the exchange market seeking money from retail investors," said Xia Haojie, bond analyst at Guosen Futures in Shenzhen.
Chinese banks are racing to spruce up their books, hoarding cash, paring risky investments and curbing lending ahead of a rigorous quarterly inspection of their books by the central bank known as the Macro Prudential Assessment, or MPA.
For the first time since it was launched last year, the MPA will include off-balance sheet wealth management products to give authorities a better sense of potential risks to the financial system.
Because of the MPA process, "onshore banks refrained from lending to corporate and non-bank Financial institutions to reduce their credit exposure," Ken Cheung Kin Tai, analyst at Mizuho Bank, wrote in a note on Thursday.
"On the other way round, it is more difficult for these parties to acquire loan funding from onshore banks. Instead, they raised short-term funding through the Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE)."
Interbank borrowing costs have also been trending higher. Last week, the seven-day repo rate - a closely-watched indictor of interbank borrowing costs - jumped to a near two-year high of 3.0883 on a trade-weighted basis.
But the seven-day repo rate eased this week, falling to 2.8121 on Thursday. (Reporting by Samuel Shen and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
March 31 I'rom Group Co Ltd :
* Says it will fully acquire Ethic Co Ltd via stock swap
* Says one share of Ethic Co Ltd will be exchanged into 10 shares of the co
* Says effective June 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/sfMxCg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 P H Glatfelter Co:
* Glatfelter reports first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.39
* Q1 earnings per share $0.26
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.39 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Consolidated net sales totaled $390.7 million and $402.2 million for three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
* P H Glatfelter Co - consolidated net sales totaled $390.7 million and $402.2 million for three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively
* Composite fibers' shipping volumes in Q2 of 2017 are expected to be approximately 5pct higher than Q1.
* Specialty papers' shipping volumes in Q2 are expected to be slightly below Q1 of 2017.
* Consolidated capital expenditures are expected to total between $125 million and $140 million for 2017. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Matador Resources Co
* Matador Resources company reports first quarter 2017 results and provides operational update
* Q1 adjusted non-GAAP earnings per share $0.17
* Q1 GAAP earnings per share $0.44
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Says average daily oil production increased 17% sequentially to about 18,300 barrels per day in Q1 of 2017
* Matador Resources Co qtrly average daily oil equivalent production of approximately 33,000 boe per day versus 30,000 boe per day in Q4 of 2016
* Qtrly total revenue $134.8 million versus $44.6 million
* Matador Resources - sees capital expenditures of $400 to $420 million for drilling, completing, equipping operated, non-operated wells in 2017
* Matador Resources Co - affirms its 2017 guidance as updated on March 23, 2017
* Matador Resources Co - estimates that its oil production in Q2 will increase by 2 to 4%;total oil equivalent production growth of 3 to 5% from Q1 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rain clouds pass over Canary Wharf financial financial district in London, Britain July 1, 2016. REUTERS/Reinhard Krause
LONDON Initial public offerings (IPOs) by companies based in Britain have raised $1.53 billion so far in 2017, a 28 percent decline on last year and the lowest year-to-date total since 2012 as Britain prepares to leave the EU, Thomson Reuters data shows.
With London set to begin the process of leaving the European Union on Wednesday, and elections in France and Germany later this year, the number of suitable windows to launch IPOs in Britain and Europe is expected to be limited.
South Africa's Brait SE (BATJ.J) suspended plans to list on the London Stock Exchange on March 24, citing uncertainty over Brexit.
The caution in Britain contrasts sharply with the rest of the world where proceeds from IPOs have more than doubled, year-to-date, compared with 2016, to total $29.4 billion, including the floatation of messaging app Snap Inc (SNAP.N), which raised $3.4 billion in March.
In 2016, equity raising globally fell by more than a quarter, Thomson Reuters data showed, hit by geopolitical shocks and a string of failed IPOs, and bankers said the outlook for 2017 looked shaky.
But there have been more fresh stock market listings so far this year globally than any other year-to-date period since 2000, with 302 offerings priced.
However, so far this year only eight British companies have gone public, the slowest start since 2013, the data showed.
Since Britain voted to leave the European Union in June 2016, the value of IPOs has declined 54 percent and the number of deals has fallen by 30 percent, the data showed.
(Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
(Adds details on results, sector and economic background)
DUBAI, April 20 Samba Financial Group, Saudi Arabia's third-largest bank by assets, joined other major banks to have suffered falling profits this quarter as the kingdom struggles with tepid economic growth and subdued levels of spending.
Samba reported a 2.3 percent drop in first-quarter net profit on Thursday, broadly in line with analysts' forecasts, as operating expenses rose.
It is the seventh major bank in the kingdom to report earnings this quarter, with four of them reporting declining profits, reflecting subdued levels of spending by the government and consumers and slower economic growth.
Samba made a profit of 1.23 billion riyals ($328 million) in the three months to March 31, down from 1.26 billion riyals in the same period a year earlier, it said in a bourse statement.
Three analysts polled by Reuters had on average forecast the bank would make a quarterly net profit of 1.18 billion riyals.
Operating expenses for the bank rose by 9.8 percent from the year earlier period, mainly due to an increase in credit costs.
Saudi companies issue brief earnings statements early in the reporting period before publishing more detailed results later.
Operating income for the quarter rose by 2.0 percent on the corresponding period of 2016 to 1.98 billion riyals, while profits from special commissions increased 8.5 percent over the same timeframe to 1.36 billion riyals.
Loans and advances at the end of March stood at 124.3 billion riyals, falling 6.1 percent on the same point of 2016, while deposits dipped 4.4 percent to 170.4 billion riyals over the same period.
Deposit levels at some banks have fallen after the government withdrew cash from banks to help bridge the budget deficit. The deposits were parked with banks when oil prices were high. ($1 = 3.7502 riyals) (Reporting By Tom Arnold; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, she said on Wednesday.
March 30 Frasers Centrepoint Limited
* Proposed issue of S$52 Million 4.15% fixed rate notes due 2027 By FCL Treasury Pte. Ltd.
* Notes will be issued under S$5.0 billion multicurrency debt issuance programme established by issuer on 16 January 2017
* Net proceeds from issue will be used for refinancing existing borrowings, financing investments,general working capital and/or capital expenditure requirement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Colgate-Palmolive Co:
* Colgate announces 1st quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.67 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.64
* Q1 sales $3.762 billion
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - qtrly organic sales grew 0.5%
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - Latin America net sales increased 9.0% in q1 2017
* Says North America net sales decreased 5.0% in q1 2017
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.66, revenue view $3.80 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Colgate-Palmolive Co qtrly Latin America unit volume was even with year ago quarter, while pricing increased 7.0%
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - Q1 was "challenging" and did not meet our organic sales growth expectations, driven mainly by "softer" results in North America
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - "as we look ahead, uncertainty in global markets and slowing category growth worldwide remain challenging"
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - volume gains in Mexico, Caribbean region and Southern Cone region were offset by volume declines in Brazil in quarter
* Colgate-Palmolive Co qtrly organic sales for Latin America increased 7.5%
* Says "continue to expect a low-single-digit net sales increase for 2017, based on our slow start to year"
* Colgate-Palmolive co - on a gaap basis, planning for a year of gross margin expansion and expect earnings per share on a dollar basis to be flat
* Colgate-Palmolive Co - "now expect organic sales growth for 2017 to be modestly below our 4% - 7% range with sequential improvement throughout year"
* Fy2017 revenue view $15.54 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 15 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
Mali's economy is losing 265 billion CFA francs (450 million U.S. dollars),or more than four per cent of the country's annual GDP, due to the effects of child under-nutrition, the Afruican Union (AU) has said.
According to a statement, the multi-agency study undertaken by the government of Mali, under the leadership of the AU Commission, indicated that the cost of hunger in Mali is created by the challenges attributed to increased healthcare costs, additional burdens on the education system and reduced workforce productivity.
The study further unveiled that 47 per cent of the adult population in Mali were affected by stunting as children, while 34 percent of infant mortality cases in the West African country are associated with under-nutrition.
According to the AU's statement, Mali's Minister of Economy and Finance, Boubou Cisse, indicated that the results of the study “demonstrate the urgency for Mali to mobilize more efforts to significantly reduce child malnutrition in order to achieve the 2030 SDGs.”
He further called for an increased commitment to achieve the nutrition targets contained in the global 2030 Agenda and Africa's flagship agenda – Agenda 2063, the statement added.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Community bank PacWest Bancorp (PACW.O) said on Thursday it would buy fellow California-based lender CU Bancorp (CUNB.O) in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $705 million, as it seeks to strengthen its presence in southern California.
PacWest offered 0.5308 of its shares and $12 in cash for each CU Bancorp share, which translates to an offer price of $39.45 per CU Bancorp share.
CU Bancorp's shares closed at $39.50 on Wednesday.
The combined company will have 87 branches and about $25 billion in assets.
CU Bancorp owns California United Bank, a private lender to small to medium sized businesses in southern California. PacWest Bancorp operates throughout California through its sole unit, Pacific Western Bank.
The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter this year, the banks said.
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods was a financial adviser to CU Bancorp, while Sandler O'Neill + Partners LP advised PacWest.
(Reporting by Sruthi Shankar in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta and Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
NEW YORK With the U.S. economy having now "largely attained" a full recovery from recession, the Federal Reserve can raise interest rates three or more times this year, a centrist Fed policymaker said on Wednesday.
San Francisco Fed President John Williams, who largely repeated his view that the U.S. central bank should continue tightening policy gradually, said the main obstacles to raising economic output are now largely outside of the Fed's realm of influence: the slow growth in new workers in the labor market and in their productivity on the job.
He said such supply-side impediments to pushing overall economic growth above its current 2-percent rate are for lawmakers and business leaders to tackle, not the Federal Reserve.
Lifting rates gradually "prevents the economy from overheating... I would not rule out more than three increases total for this year," Williams told an economists' club in New York.
"With an economy at full employment, inflation nearing the Fed's 2 percent goal, and the expansion now in its eighth year, the data have spoken and the message is clear: We've largely attained the hard-sought recovery we've been after for the past nine years," added Williams, who is close to Fed Chair Janet Yellen and who regains a vote on the Fed's policy committee next year under a rotation.
Earlier this month the Fed lifted rates a notch, its third tightening since the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession. Forecasts from Fed officials suggest a median of two more hikes are planned before year end.
Williams expects economic growth of around 1.75 percent this year and next, a bit below his colleagues, and for inflation to hit 2 percent in the next year or so.
(Reporting by Jonathan Spicer; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 5 Beston Global Food Company Ltd
* BFC announces major australian retail distribution agreement
* Has secured a contract to supply a major national australian wholesaler with a range of BFC manufactured food products.
* Secured a contract to supply a major national australian wholesaler with a range of bfc manufactured food products
* Given timing of orders, revenue impact for BFC will primarily be in next financial year, 2017-18, and beyond Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Jurors in North Carolina are getting a roundup of testimony in a lawsuit filed by neighbors of an industrial-scale swine operation.
The 10 plaintiffs contend that open-air cesspools of hog waste inflict intense, putrid smells on them that can't be removed from clothing or household fabrics.
Lawyers for Virginia-based Smithfield Foods' hog-production division who closed their case Tuesday maintain that the smells, traffic and noise don't hurt the neighbors' ability to enjoy their own property.
The jury has heard three weeks of testimony. This is the first of a series of test cases by more than 500 neighbors against the low-cost, high-volume methods used by the Chinese-owned company.
Advertisement
Lawyers for the neighbors say alternative methods don't cause such a nuisance, but the company uses open-air cesspools because they're cheap.
___
This story has been corrected to show that this lawsuit involves a portion, not all, of the more than 500 neighbors suing under nuisance claims.
UPDATE 3-Tennis-Nottingham Open women's singles round 2 results
June 14 (Gracenote) - Results from the Nottingham Open Women's Singles Round 2 matches on Wednesday Tsvetana Pironkova (Bulgaria) beat Kurumi Nara (Japan) 6-3 6-2 Kristie Ahn (U.S.) beat Magda Linette (Poland) 6-3 6-1 Ashleigh Barty (Australia) beat Jana Fett (Croatia) 6-2 6-1 Donna Vekic (Croatia) beat Julia Boserup (U.S.) 6-3 6-4
BRIEF-System1 says current role of COO being split into specialist leadership roles
* As part of preparations to become larger marketing services company, current role of COO is being split into specialist leadership roles
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 20 OVS SpA:
* Plans for the next three years to reach around 9-10 pct of market share in Italy, starting from 7.4 pct at the end of 2016
* Sees 2017 gross margin to remain stable
* Expects 2017-2019 net sales and EBITDA to grow
* Reports positive top line performance in the first months of 2017 thanks to more favorable weather conditions vs 2016 and new commercial initiatives
Source text: bit.ly/2piIz2J
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Aston Merrygold is the latest celebrity to join this year's Strictly Come Dancing - and the 200th contestant in the show's history.
The former JLS star told Scott Mills on his BBC Radio 1 programme that he is in it to win it, and that he will try to avoid doing backf
Aston Merrygold is the latest celebrity to join this year's Strictly Come Dancing - and the 200th contestant in the show's history.
lips - a move he is known for - while on the dancefloor, because it could see him marked down.
He also said his previous dance experience as a boyband member will not be much help to him.
"It's ballroom, and that is nothing to do with anything that I do," Merrygold said.
He added, at the risk of disappointing his fans: "I'm trying not to get twos, so no flips."
In an official statement, the singer said: "I'm so happy to be joining Strictly. It is such a brilliant show and I've followed it for years.
"I'm both nervous and excited to learn from the professionals about a whole new way of dancing!"
Merrygold, who shot to fame with JLS on The X Factor in 2008, is the 200th person to take part in Strictly since the series began in 2004.
The 200 contestants have included 62 actors, 48 TV/radio presenters and 34 sport stars, according to analysis by the Press Association.
Merrygold is one of 27 singers and musicians to take part in the show.
There have also been seven models, six chefs and three politicians - including the surprise hit of last year's series, Ed Balls.
The PA's figures include only those celebrities who have appeared as a contestant in the proper series, and doesn't count people who took part in one-off specials for Children in Need or at Christmas.
Just over a third of contestants (35%) have been in their 30s - the biggest proportion for any age group. Nearly a quarter (22%) have been in their 40s, while 19% have been in their 20s.
Some 18 contestants (9% of the total) have taken part in Strictly while in their 60s. Just three contestants have been in their 70s: Johnny Ball, Paul Daniels and Lesley Joseph.
At the other end of the age range, the show has featured only two people in their teens: gymnast Claudia Fragapane and actor Louisa Lytton.
A comparison of the 200 contestants' ethnicity shows that roughly four in five (81%) have been white.
Merrygold, the eighth confirmed star for the current series, joins a list of celebrities made up of Mollie King, Davood Ghadami, Ruth Langsford, Gemma Atkinson, Rev Richard Coles, Joe McFadden and Simon Rimmer.
May 3 United Breweries Ltd
* United Breweries clarifies on news item regarding Heineken's proposal to lenders to buy Mallya's pledged shares in united breweries
* Says not aware of any development on proposal between Heineken and banks/lenders to buy-out Mallya's pledged shares Source text - (bit.ly/2qxlfLX) Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
(Adds company news, futures)
May 3 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening 13 points lower on Wednesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.10 percent ahead of the cash market open.
* BREXIT: Britain will not be paying 100 billion euros to leave the European Union, Brexit minister David Davis said on Wednesday after the Financial Times reported that the EU was preparing to demand that amount.
* MITIE: Britain's Mitie said on Wednesday it expected to writedown 40 million to 50 million pounds ($52 million to $64 million) and might restate its accounts for the year to March 2016 after an accounting review.
* DIRECT: British motor and home insurer Direct Line Insurance Group reported a 4.2 percent rise in gross written premiums in the first quarter, boosted by strong performance in its auto business, it said on Wednesday.
* JD: British pubs group JD Wetherspoon warned of "significantly higher" costs in the second half of the year and said it remained cautious, while reporting quarterly comparable sales growth of 4 percent.
* IMPERIAL: British tobacco company Imperial Brands reported lower half-year revenue and profit on Wednesday, excluding a benefit from the weak pound, as it was hurt by an industry slowdown and an investment programme.
* ITV: ITV, Britain's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster, said Chief Executive Adam Crozier was stepping down after seven years in the role.
* MARKS: Marks & Spencer said it had appointed Jill McDonald, the boss of Britain's largest bike seller Halfords, to run its clothing and home business, freeing its chief executive Steve Rowe to focus on the overall group.
* SAINSBURY: British supermarket Sainsbury's on Wednesday reported a third straight year of underlying profit decline, despite the boost to earnings from last year's purchase of Argos, the general merchandise retailer.
* BARCLAYS: Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley is involved in a dispute with private equity firm KKR & Co KKR.N, which is a client of the bank, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
* EVRAZ: Evraz Plc, Russia's No. 2 steelmaker, signed an agreement with Kinder Morgan Inc to supply about 250,000 metric tons of pipe to the U.S. pipeline company for the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline.
* ITV: Broadcaster ITV bought a majority stake in World Productions, the company behind the popular BBC series Line of Duty, for an undisclosed sum, The Times reported on Wednesday. bit.ly/2oVqI2f
* OIL: Crude oil prices bounced back on Wednesday as a decline in U.S. inventories underpinned the market, although a dip in compliance with OPEC efforts to reduce output capped gains.
* COPPER: London copper dropped on Wednesday from a three-week high hit the session before as prices consolidated after failing to break technical resistance and given a lack of other drivers, traders said.
* GOLD: Gold prices fell to a three-week low on Tuesday, as demand for riskier assets drove stocks higher and the dollar hit a six-week peak against the yen.
* The UK blue chip index closed up 0.6 percent at 7,250.05 points on Tuesday, with well-received results from heavyweight BP helping to underpin gains in a positive start to the first trading day of the month.
* For more on the factors affecting European stocks, please click on: cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=livemarkets
TODAY'S UK PAPERS
> Financial Times
> Other business headlines Multimedia versions of Reuters Top News are now available for: * 3000 Xtra : visit topnews.session.rservices.com * For Top News : topnews.reuters.com (Reporting by Harish Bhaskar; Editing by Sunil Nair)
SHANGHAI, April 12 China's business hub of Shanghai has slacked off in efforts to improve the environment, levying fines too small to deter polluters, hundreds of whom have flouted closure orders, authorities said on Wednesday.
Standards had fallen and some of Shanghai's environmental work had grown "slack", an inspection team found after a month-long investigation late last year, the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) said on its website (www.mep.gov.cn).
The environmental protection work that remains undone could hold back Shanghai's development, the ministry said.
"Shanghai's environmental protection work has had obvious successes but environmental quality remains a prominent weak point affecting the city's overall development," it said.
From 259 water samples tested, 88 were found unfit even for farm and industrial use, falling below the ministry's "grade V" categorisation, it said, adding that overall water quality in some districts has worsened conspicuously since 2013.
It singled out Shanghai's decision to postpone from 2016 until the decade's end a target of raising treatment standards for urban waste water, saying its plans to improve urban sewage and waste treatment had also fallen behind schedule.
Ageing landfills are still leaching into Shanghai's water supply, and trash is still being illegally dumped, it added.
Law enforcement in Shanghai, one of China's richest cities, was still inadequate, the team found, with fines too light to discourage persistent polluters. It said 800 enterprises ordered to stop production since 2013 were still operating normally.
China's local governments are proving to be one of the key battlegrounds in its "war on pollution", with many accused of turning a blind eye to environmental violations so as to protect valuable sources of revenue and jobs.
Teams of environmental inspectors have fanned out across China since last year, armed with special powers to make surprise checks and hold local leaders to account.
While there has been progress in tackling air pollution, water quality in several regions has significantly worsened, reports from such teams revealed last November. (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
April 3 Premier Financial Bancorp Inc
* Premier Financial Bancorp - On March 31, co executed 5 year extension of data processing agreement with Fidelity Information Services, Inc, its affiliates
* Premier Financial Bancorp Inc - Extension agreement became effective on April 1, 2017 - SEC Filing Source text: [bit.ly/2nxkHTJ] Further company coverage:
Online Training, Assessment and Talent hiring Platform powered by Analytics and AI
Contact
Hub4Tech
+91 90691 39140
info@hub4tech.com Hub4Tech+91 90691 39140
End
-- Learn how to use Xamarin to leverage your skills in Microsoft Visual Studio and C# to build cross-platform apps that run on both Android and iOS. In the Xamarin Online Training Course we focus on using Xamarin to build a rich user experience that embraces the capabilities and feel of each platform.In this course we expand the application from part 1 to incorporate rich gesture-based paging, allowing the user to perform swipe actions to move between data items. We introduce a master detail relationship to manage groups of data items utilizing the appropriate metaphor for each platform. We also incorporate platform-specific features such as page-turning animations on iOS and slide-out navigation drawers on Android.Why Hub4Tech· Power of knowing and choosing your Trainer· Corporate Experienced Trainer· Certification based Training· Verified Trainer· Online Assessment Engine 1000+ Assessment Test· Money-Back Guarantee*For
Tennis - WTA Stuttgart Tennis Grand Prix - Maria Sharapova of Russia v Roberta Vinci of Italy - Stuttgart, Germany - 26/4/17. Maria Sharapova of Russia in action. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
Mar 17, 2017; Indian Wells, CA, USA; Kristina Mladenovic (FRA) in her semi final match against Elena Vesnina (RUS) at the BNP Paribas Open at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-USA TODAY Sports
STUTTGART, Germany Former world number one Maria Sharapova crashed out of the Stuttgart Grand Prix semi-final in her first event back after a 15-month doping suspension, losing to France's Kristina Mladenovic 3-6 7-5 6-4 on Saturday.
Wildcard entrant Sharapova, a five-time grand-slam winner, squandered a 6-3 2-0 lead as Mladenovic clawed her way back into the game to win after two hours and 38 minutes.
Sharapova had not lost a set in the previous three matches of her comeback this week.
Her defeat means she will finish outside the top 200 when the rankings are released on Monday, ruling out a qualifier spot for the French Open.
Sharapova, who was banned for using meldonium after testing positive at the 2016 Australian Open, has also received wildcards for forthcoming tournaments in Madrid and Rome.
The Russian was in complete control at the start, with her French opponent showing nerves, and a second double fault allowed Sharapova to race 4-1 clear.
She sealed the first set when Mladenovic sent a crosscourt backhand into the net after just 38 minutes.
The Russian, a three-time champion in Stuttgart, broke Mladenovic again at the start of the second set and looked to be cruising to victory as she took a 2-0 lead, attacking her opponent's second serve.
But despite conceding 11 double faults, Mladenovic improved her baseline game, chasing Sharapova with powerful ground strokes across the court.
She almost paid the price for her weak second serve -- a liability throughout the match -- but Mladenovic survived three break points to move into a 6-5 lead.
She took the set when Sharapova sent a forehand wide on Mladenovic's first break opportunity.
The pair traded blows early in the third before the Frenchwoman grabbed a break to go 4-2 up.
The 23-year-old world number 18 stood her ground when she found herself 0-40 in the next game, moving to 5-2, but a disastrous service game allowed the Russian briefly to come back before Mladenovic completed a memorable win to reach her first Stuttgart final with another break.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
(Repeats with no changes to text)
By Roberta Rampton, Richard Cowan and Amanda Becker
WASHINGTON, March 29 Raw feelings and mistrust could pose an obstacle to President Donald Trump and hard-line conservative lawmakers in his Republican Party as they seek to rebound from defeat on healthcare legislation by launching into an overhaul of the U.S. tax code.
Trump has accused the Freedom Caucus lawmakers of snatching a "defeat from the jaws of victory" with their rejection of the White House-backed healthcare bill to replace President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare reform bill.
In interviews with 10 of the roughly three dozen House Freedom Caucus members, the lawmakers said they were eager to put aside tensions over the healthcare debacle and seek common ground on tax reform.
But there is no consensus, even within the conservative faction, on details of a tax-reform bill, with some members open to discussing ideas such as the border tax plan supported by House leaders and others opposed to it.
Representative Warren Davidson, a Freedom Caucus member from Ohio, said Republicans should leave aside the blame game and work through their policy differences before launching tax reform legislation.
"Some people are still in that hurt-feelings and frustration" stage, Davidson said. "I do think it's smart to take the time to get it right."
Republican Representative David Schweikert of Arizona, a Freedom Caucus lawmaker who sits on the tax-writing House of Representative Ways and Means Committee, could emerge as a bridge between the conservative faction and House leaders. The panel will work closely with House leadership on the tax bill.
Schweikert said he planned to consult with rank-and-file members to discuss plans and listen to their priorities.
He said giving companies incentives to invest in plants and equipment was one of the items on his own wish list.
“My personal fixation is very simple: What maximizes economic growth?” Schweikert said.
CUTS, CUTS AND MORE CUTS
Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, said the group has "no formal position" on the structure of tax reform legislation.
But Meadows listed the top priorities on his own wish list: "Lower taxes, lower taxes and lower taxes."
A 35-page blueprint developed by House Republican leaders, known as a "Better Way," will serve as a starting point for the tax-reform discussions.
The plan calls for streamlining the income tax system and cutting the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. It would exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose a 20 percent tax on imports.
The border tax proposal has divided the business community and is a top flashpoint for lawmakers. Big exporters such as General Electric Co say the tax would boost manufacturing and jobs. But retailers like Target Corp have said the border tax would hike consumer prices and hurt the economy.
Trump, a businessman who had never been in public office until he took over at the White House on Jan. 20, has at times praised the border tax idea but at other times has been noncommittal.
Virginia Congressman Dave Brat said he would insist that the tax bill not add to the deficit, while Meadows said he would not necessarily insist on that.
Other conservatives said they needed more information about the tax bill to form an opinion - and some space from the contentious health care debate.
“We just had a major battle on a Republican welfare plan and that has consumed to a large degree my time and mental effort," said Alabama Representative Mo Brooks.
"When we have a tax reform bill I can evaluate, that's when I'll start voting on it," Brooks said.
As a sign of tensions that have lingered after the collapse of the healthcare bill, Freedom Caucus lawmakers faced tough questioning from their colleagues during a closed-door meeting of House Republicans on Tuesday, said Representative Randy Weber of Texas.
But Weber said some of the friction eased by the end of the meeting, prompting House Speaker Paul Ryan to say that more give and take might have been useful in the healthcare effort.
"Ryan said: 'This is what we should have been doing,'" Weber told Reuters.
Republican Representative Ken Buck of Colorado, a member of the Freedom Caucus, said he thinks lawmakers learned lessons from the healthcare defeat that could apply to tax reform.
"I think people are going to work harder to get to 'yes' this next piece of legislation," Buck said.
A Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday showed Republicans mostly blame Congress, and not Trump or party leaders, for failing to pass the healthcare overhaul.
(Editing by Caren Bohan and Alistair Bell)
Un De Sceaux saw off stable companion Douvan to claim victory in the BoyleSports Champion Chase at Punchestown.
Trainer Willie Mullins saddled four of the nine runners in the two-mile Grade One, with Douvan the 4-5 favourite under Paul Townend.
However, the admirable Un De Sceaux, ridden by the trainer's son, Patrick, fenced fluently out in front and passed the post two and three-quarters of a length ahead of the odds-on market leader.
Un De Sceaux ridden by jockey Patrick Mullins on the way to winning the BoyleSports Champion Chase at Punchestown Racecourse. Photo: Niall Carson/PA
A Toi Phil finished third, but was another seven lengths adrift at the line.
Patrick Mullins said: “I've been dreaming about riding that horse. When I was told I was riding him I was like Charlie when he got the golden ticket off Willie Wonka!
“I schooled him yesterday and even schooling him was some buzz.
“It took him a while to warm up into the race. He didn't jump or travel like he can and I was a little worried, but I think that was just the good ground.
“Once he'd warmed up I just let him at it and he runs horses into the ground.”
He added: “Realistically I didn't think he was going to beat Douvan or Min on this ground over this trip, but he's a horse that always runs well, so you can never count him out.”
That result saw Willie Mullins close the trainers' championship deficit to €226,714, having been over €521,000 behind Gordon Elliott at the start of the day.
Champion NH Trainer Title Update After Race 4, Day 1 –
Gordon Elliott leads Willie Mullins by €226,714. Gordon Elliott: €4,782,939 Willie Mullins: €4,556,225. pic.twitter.com/trV2RMUcYQ — Horse Racing Ireland (@GoRacing) April 24, 2018
Draconien got Willie Mullins off to a flying start after springing a surprise in the Herald Champion Novice Hurdle.
The reigning champion trainer has significant ground to make up on Elliott in this year's title race, but reduced the deficit in the first Grade One contest of the week.
Mullins fielded four of the 10 runners and it was his 11-10 favourite Getabird who cut out much of the running in the hands Paul Townend.
However, he was a spent force from the home turn and was first claimed by Colin Tizzard's British challenger Vision Des Flos, before 25-1 shot Draconien came through under a confident Noel Fehily to claim victory by two and a quarter length.
Vision Des Flos was a clear second, with Elliott's Mengli Khan best of the rest in third.
Earlier, Just Wait And See gamely held off Blue Templar to win the Kildare Hunt Club Fr Sean Breen Memorial Chase for the Ladies Perpetual Cup, the first race of the 2018 Punchestown Festival.
Ridden by Billy Gleeson and trained by his father, John, the victorious 16-1 chance hit the front inside the final half a mile.
But Derek O'Connor conjured up a late rally from Blue Templar, having been under pressure from some way out, and only went down by a head in a thrilling finish.
John Gleeson said: “I only have a handful of horses to keep an interest in the game. This has given me the biggest buzz I've ever had in my life.”
Billy Gleeson said: “We've had the horse since he was four.
“He's a real fun horse – a very clever jumper – and God knows how many fences he's jumped in his life.”
True Self (12-1) showed a smart turn of foot under Rachael Blackmore to win the valuable Killashee Handicap Hurdle.
The Willie Mullins-trained mare shot clear turning into the straight and despite slowing up heading to the last, soon regained momentum to beat Joey Sasa.
Mullins said: “She's a good mare and Rachael was saying the ground made a big difference.
“She was a very very well bought mare. She was very cheap.
“Rachael is a good jockey, she's not a lady jockey, she's a good jockey.”
Share it:
Don't Miss
HOUSTON Four employees were injured on Friday in a power distribution centre at BP Plc's (BP.L) 413,500 barrels per day (bpd) Whiting, Indiana, refinery, the company said in a statement.
The four BP employees were taken to local hospitals as a result of the incident, the company said. No information was immediately available as to how they were injured or about their condition.
Work on an electrical substation led BP to reduce production on two of three crude distillation units at the refinery on Thursday.
The Whiting refinery, located in the Chicago suburbs, is BP's largest in the United States.
(Reporting by Erwin Seba, editing by G Crosse)
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - Thieves have broken into the offices of South Africa's Competition Commission, making off with laptop computers, the watchdog said on Saturday. It is the latest in a series of high-profile burglaries targeting law enforcement bodies.
"There has been a security breach at the offices of the Competition Commission. Two laptops were stolen on Tuesday from the division responsible for investigations into cartel conduct," head of communications Sipho Ngwema said in a statement.
The break-in came a few weeks after thieves stole two laptops from the state prosecutors' offices.
The Competition Commission is responsible for investigating issues including cartel conduct and mergers and acquisitions, before bringing them to the Competition Tribunal for adjudication.
The case has been transferred to South Africa's elite Hawks police unit for further investigation, Ngwema said.
"The Commission has taken the necessary measures and safeguards to enhance security," he added.
Reuters could not immediately contact the Hawks for comment.
In July, burglars stole hard drives and other computer equipment from the Hawks. In March, 15 computers containing information on South Africa's judges and court officials were stolen from the administrative offices of the Chief Justice.
OSLO, May 2 (Reuters) -
** Nordea Markets has appointed Gaute Ulltveit-Moe to head its equities trading desk in Norway, the bank said in a statement on Tuesday
** He will start his job in August 2017 and lead a team of 10 people
** Ulltveit-Moe has, among other things, worked at Arctic Securities (Reporting by Terje Solsvik)
FILE PHOTO: A presenter's on-camera skills are tested at the offices of Kan, the new Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation, in Tel Aviv, Israel November 3, 2016. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Employees work in the offices of Kan, the new Israeli Public Broadcasting Corporation, in Tel Aviv, Israel November 3, 2016. REUTERS/Baz Ratner/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (R) speaks with Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon during the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem January 31, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
JERUSALEM Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu resolved a dispute with his finance minister on Thursday over broadcast regulation, an issue that had put a strain on the governing coalition and fed speculation of an early election.
Critics had accused Netanyahu of using the issue as a pretext for engineering an early national vote that could delay any peace moves under the new U.S. administration and also put off the his possible indictment over suspected corruption.
But coalition partners and members of Netanyahu's own right-wing Likud party balked at the idea of an early ballot, and brokered talks with Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon.
On March 18, Netanyahu cited concerns over job losses when he scrapped an agreement with Kahlon on setting up a new public broadcasting watchdog on April 30 intended to replace an existing authority widely seen as antiquated and inefficient.
Netanyahu has met Kahlon - leader of the centre-right Kulanu party - several times this week over the issue.
Right-wing politicians close to Netanyahu said the prime minister had been concerned that two officials appointed to senior posts in the new watchdog leaned to the left and could spearhead critical coverage of the conservative leader.
On Thursday, Netanyahu and Kahlon agreed a compromise, the prime minister's office said in a statement.
It said the news division of the Israel Broadcasting Authority will be managed separately - an arrangement that could effectively ensure that those two officials would not oversee news coverage.
A panel picked by a judge would appoint managers for the news division, David Bitan, a senior legislator from Netanyahu's Likud party, said on Israel Radio, and "there will be no political intervention".
He said the restructured broadcaster, called Kann, would go on air in mid-May, some two weeks after its planned debut.
Israel's attorney-general is widely expected to decide within weeks whether to indict Netanyahu, who was re-elected two years ago and has denied wrongdoing. Levelling charges during an election campaign could be seen as interfering in the process.
Even if Netanyahu is charged, legal and political analysts say he could go on governing for a year or more since the process of confirming and approving charges can be drawn out.
One of the investigations relates to conversations Netanyahu held with an Israeli newspaper publisher about limiting competition in the news sector in exchange for more positive coverage. The other involves the receipt of gifts from businessmen.
Israel's next national election is due in November 2019.
(Editing by Louise Ireland)
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
March 28 Exeter Resource Corp
* Exeter to be acquired by Goldcorp
* Exeter Resource Corp - deal for total consideration of c$247 million
* Exeter Resource Corp - Goldcorp will acquire all outstanding shares of exeter for consideration of 0.12 of a goldcorp share for each exeter share
* Exeter Resource Corp - deal for c$2.58 per exeter share
* Exeter Resource - Exeter's board of directors has unanimously approved transaction; recommends that exeter shareholders vote in favour of arrangement
* Exeter Resource - under certain circumstances where transaction is not completed, exeter has agreed to pay a termination fee of c$8.65 million to goldcorp
* Exeter Resource - all directors and officers of exeter, who own or control about 8.4% of co's issued shares have entered support agreements with goldcorp Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 Sanofi
* Regeneron and Sanofi announce Kevzara® (sarilumab) Biologics License Application resubmission accepted for review by U.S. FDA
* Per Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), new target action date is May 22, 2017
* European Commission expected to make a final decision on marketing authorization application for Kevzara in EU in coming months Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
April 30 Caterpillar Inc shares rose 8 percent over the past week on strong first quarter earnings but could rise another 20 percent over the next year, including the 3-percent dividend, Barron's wrote over the weekend.
"Perhaps no company in the U.S. is better positioned" to benefit from President Trump's agenda, the business weekly said.
While Caterpillar has been boosted by a rebound in commodities prices that preceded Trump's election victory in November, the company is seeing increased inquiries from U.S. clients heartened by "pro-business policy in regards to infrastructure and tax reform," it said on its earnings call.
Caterpillar was hard-hit by the commodities decline that began in the summer of 2014. The manufacturer had made a big bet on mining, paying $8.6 billion including debt for Bucyrus International.
Declines in natural gas prices caused power companies to switch from oil to gas, crushing demand for the mining machines that were a key reason for the Bucyrus deal. Now mining is on the rebound and Caterpillar, which sold 70 mining trucks last year, could sell twice as many this year, Barron's said, citing the most recent earnings call.
Despite the positive results, Wall Street analysts remain conservative about Caterpillar's earnings prospects, Barron's said. But even if earnings roughly double to $8 per share as predicted by 2020, shares, which trade at 26 times estimated 2017 profit, would be at 13 times earnings.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
April 3 Brookfield Investments Corp:
* Brookfield Investments Corporation announces acquisition of additional common shares of Norbord Inc
* Acquired additional common shares of Norbord Inc valued at approximately C$442 from wholly-owned subsidiary
* Brookfield Investments - issued about C$442 million in class 1 junior preferred shares, series B, class 2 junior preferred shares series as consideration for Norbord shares Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
French artist Abraham Poincheval is seen in a vivarium on the first day of his performance in an attempt to incubate chicken eggs, which takes from 21 to 26 days, at the Palais de Tokyo Museum in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
French artist Abraham Poincheval is seen in a vivarium on the first day of his performance in an attempt to incubate chicken eggs, which takes from 21 to 26 days, at the Palais de Tokyo Museum in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
French artist Abraham Poincheval is seen in a vivarium on the first day of his performance in an attempt to incubate chicken eggs, which takes from 21 to 26 days, at the Palais de Tokyo Museum in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
French artist Abraham Poincheval is seen in a vivarium on the first day of his performance in an attempt to incubate chicken eggs, which takes from 21 to 26 days, at the Palais de Tokyo Museum in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
French artist Abraham Poincheval is seen in a vivarium on the first day of his performance in an attempt to incubate chicken eggs, which takes from 21 to 26 days, at the Palais de Tokyo Museum in Paris, France, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes
PARIS French artist Abraham Poincheval, who famously spent two weeks inside a bear sculpture and a week inside a rock, began his latest feat on Wednesday - hatching eggs.
The 44-year-old, who specializes in performance art, will mimic a mother hen by incubating 10 eggs with his own body heat inside a glass vivarium until they hatch.
He reckons the endeavor will take from 21-26 days.
"I will, broadly speaking, become a chicken," Poincheval said last month.
Poincheval says he seeks to explore varying concepts of time for different species and natural objects in his performances. The best way to understand objects is not from a distance but by entering them, he says.
In his latest experiment, Poincheval sits on a chair with the eggs in a container fixed under the seat.
He calculates that the heat from his body - kept high by him being wrapped in a thick, insulating blanket designed by Korean artist Seglui Lee - will maintain the right temperature directly over the eggs. He will eat certain foods such as ginger to raise his body temperature.
He will be able to stand up and leave his place over the eggs for no more than 30 minutes a day to receive meals that will be brought to him.
For his own calls of nature he will use a box beneath him, though he will not be able to get up to relieve himself.
This is the first time in his explorations that Poincheval confronts the world of the living.
Last month, he spent a week in a body-shaped slot carved out from a limestone rock in the same contemporary art museum in Paris, eating stewed fruit, soups and purees.
Before that, he had spent a fortnight living inside a hollowed-out bear sculpture in Paris's Museum of Hunting and Nature in April 2014, eating worms and beetles to mirror a bear's diet.
(Reporting by Nathalie Kantaris Diaz; Writing By Richard Balmforth; Editing by Gareth Jones)
VALLETTA The euro zone will need to discuss the impact of the weaker British pound during Britain's negotiations to leave the European Union, the head of the EU's rotating presidency said on Wednesday, warning against advantages for London.
Malta's Prime Minister Joseph Muscat said the remaining 27 EU governments, and especially the 19 sharing the euro currency, needed to mitigate any negative consequences stemming from the sharp drop in sterling since Britain's June 2016 vote to leave.
"There are consequences for everyone ... that are very obvious," Muscat told a news conference alongside Spain's prime minister Mariano Rajoy, speaking just after Britain formally notified the EU of its decision to leave.
"There is one that the countries of the euro area are experiencing, the change in the value of the pound sterling," he said, citing the higher prices of goods, services and holidays for Britons coming to the euro zone, of which Malta is a member.
"It's making some products less competitive for the Europeans, more competitive for the British," Muscat said.
He said the final agreement on a future relationship between the European Union and Britain must be inferior to full membership of the bloc.
Muscat said the euro zone would need to discuss the issue "not to come up with a fixed exchange rate but because some companies will need help", stressing that any proposals would be within EU limits on state aid.
The pound's dramatic fall to levels against the dollar not seen since the mid-1980s has made companies and citizens in both Britain and Europe fearful about the direction of the British currency.
Reuters most recent polling, covering expectations out to a year, runs from a German bank predicting a fall to around $1.05 to Investec's $1.35. British banking majors show a tighter range -- from $1.10 to $1.31. [GBP/POLL]
(Editing by Philip Blenkinsop and Catherine Evans)
SEOUL South Korean prosecutors said on Thursday they have summoned Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin for questioning as a witness in an investigation of an influence-peddling scandal that led to the dismissal and arrest of former president Park Geun-hye.
The prosecutor's office said Shin had been summoned to appear at 9:30 a.m. local time (0030 GMT) on Friday but did not comment further.
A Lotte Group spokesman said the company, South Korea's fifth-largest conglomerate, or chaebol, would cooperate with the investigation fully and in good faith.
Park was arrested on Friday after a court granted the prosecution's request for her detention on charges including bribery. Her arrest came weeks after she became South Korea's first democratically elected leader to be thrown out of office.
She is accused of colluding with a friend, Choi Soon-sil, to pressure businesses such as Lotte to contribute to foundations that backed her policy initiatives. Prosecutors were questioning her again on Thursday, the second time this week.
Park and Choi both deny any wrong-doing.
Lotte has denied allegations that it made improper deals with Park, or those linked to her, for favours.
(Reporting by Se Young Lee; additional reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Paul Tait)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Emperor Watch & Jewellery Ltd:
* CHAN HUNG MING RESIGNS AS EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MOSCOW, April 3 Russia's state investigative committee said on Monday it had opened a criminal case over the St Petersburg metro blast on charges of a terrorist act.
The agency, which has sweeping powers, said it had sent a group of investigators to St Petersburg to look into the incident which killed at least nine people.
It said however that while it had opened a case under charges of terrorism, it would consider all other possible causes of the incident. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
LONDON (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin agreed with the complaints of the Jamaican relay team that a long wait before their 4x100m final at the World Championships on Saturday contributed to the injury suffered by Usain Bolt in his last race.
Bolt, having been passed the baton by Yohan Blake, was in third behind Great Britain and the United States, who eventually won gold and silver, but pulled up almost 50 metres from the line and fell to the track.
Jamaica's team doctor later said that the 30-year-old had suffered a hamstring cramp.
Bolt's teammates complained that a 45-minute wait in the call room before the race had hampered their preparations.
"I think they were holding us too long in the call room," Blake told reporters. "Usain was really cold. In fact Usain said to me ‘Yohan, I think this is crazy'. Forty minutes and two medal presentations before our run."
Gatlin, who beat Bolt to gold in the 100m last Saturday, agreed with the complaints and laid the blame at the television scheduling for the event.
"I know it's TV magic, and everybody has to be prepared on time to make everything happen for the viewers at home.
Athletics - World Athletics Championships - Men's 100 Metres Relay Final - London Stadium, London, Britain – August 12, 2017. Justin Gatlin of the U.S. and Usain Bolt of Jamaica react after the final. Phil Noble
"(But) I personally think that we were held in the stadium a little too long without our clothes on, and there was a little draught in there. I lost all my sweat and body heat," Gatlin said.
When asked if he thought that contributed to Bolt's injury, the 35-year-old said: "I believe so.
"Knowing how Usain performs, he's always ready, he's always making sure he's not injured and it's very rare to see Usain injured when he comes to performances."
Gatlin ran the second leg for the United States as they finished runners-up behind Britain, who became world champions for the first time.
Amidst the home crowd's jubilation, there was also relief at the sight of Bolt being able to walk off the track after being helped to his feet by his teammates.
"I'm not sure what the extent of his injury is, but when I saw him go down I thought it was a calf cramp or a hamstring cramp. But he walked off the track, so that's good thing.
"I hope that he gets well soon," Gatlin added.
March 31 Grand Investment International Ltd
* Has been informed that on 27 March 2017, vendors and purchasers entered into sale and purchase agreement,
* Deal for consideration of HK$213.9 million in total
* application has been made for resumption of trading in shares on stock exchange with effect on 31 March 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MOSCOW, April 5 Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that a poisonous gas contamination in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun was the result of gas leaking from a rebel chemical weapons depot after it was hit by Syrian government air strikes. (Reporting by Maria Kiselyova; Writing by Christian Lowe)
April 30 Highlights from week 10 of Super Rugby:
BRUMBIES 12 BLUES 18
The Auckland Blues kept their slim playoffs hopes alive with a tough away win over the ACT Brumbies at Canberra Stadium on Sunday.
Bottom of the New Zealand conference, the Blues had tries from Matt Duffie, Akira Ioane and Melani Nanai but kept the home side try-less to clinch their fourth win of the season.
The Brumbies slumped to their sixth loss and third in succession but remain top of the weak Australian conference, with their lead trimmed after the second-placed New South Wales Waratahs beat the Queensland Reds on Saturday.
The victory maintained New Zealand's perfect record against Australian sides this season.
READ MORE
Rebels, Force march quietly to Super Rugby gallows
All Blacks concerns as skipper Read fractures thumb
Sharks tame Jaguares, take strong grip on second place
Late Jantjies try seals bonus-point win for Lions over Force
All Black fullback Smith to miss Highlanders' Africa tour
Red-hot Highlanders rack up record win over Stormers
Concussion forces All Blacks lock Broadhurst into retirement
All Blacks enforcer Kaino out for up to six weeks
Brumbies give short shrift to Rebels merger proposal
Six-match ban for Sharks centre Esterhuizen
Super Rugby Fixtures
JAGUARES 25 SHARKS 33
Sharks cracked Jaguares' unbeaten home record with a 33-25 victory to consolidate second place in Super Rugby's Africa 2 conference in a tight contest at Velez Sarsfield on Saturday.
The teams shared a 3-3 try count with Sharks flyhalf Curwin Bosch kicking 18 points, his fourth successful penalty after the 80th-minute hooter denying the Argentine side a bonus point.
Jaguares, who fell to a fourth consecutive defeat, made too many mistakes as they sought a fourth try that could have turned the match their way in a disappointing second-half performance.
KINGS 44 REBELS 3
The Southern Kings claimed back-to-back Super Rugby wins for the first time in their history with a record bonus-point victory over Australia's Melbourne Rebels in Port Elizabeth on Saturday.
The South African side followed up their 26-24 win over the Waratahs in their previous match with a controlled display in which they scored six tries, through wings Wandie Mjekevu and Makazole Mapimpi, hooker Martin Bezuidenhout, flanker Tyler Paul, replacement flyhalf Pieter-Steyn de Wet and fullback Masixole Banda.
The win is a third of the season for the Kings, and their largest margin of victory ever in Super Rugby, while they also eclipsed their previous best mark for points in a single game.
The Rebels remain rooted to the foot of the Australasian Group with a single success in eight games.
CHEETAHS 21 CRUSADERS 48
Wing George Bridge scored a hat-trick of tries for the second week running as New Zealand's Canterbury Crusaders maintained their 100 percent start to the Super Rugby season with a bonus-point victory over the Cheetahs of South Africa in Bloemfontein.
Fullback David Havili (two), flyhalf Richie Mo'unga and replacement scrumhalf Mitchell Drummond also ran in tries as the Crusaders completed a ninth win of the campaign to stay top of the Australasian Group.
The Cheetahs contributed to an open contest, played at times at a frenetic pace, as they ran in scores through wings Raymond Rhule and Sergeal Petersen, and prop Ox Nche.
FORCE 15 LIONS 24
South Africa's Lions recorded a bonus-point victory over the Western Force from Australia as flyhalf Elton Jantjies scored a crucial third try after the hooter at the end of the game in Perth.
Leading by two points, Jantjies grabbed his side's third try after earlier scores from centre Lionel Mapoe and wing Courtnall Skosan as the visitors ended a six-game losing streak against the Force and made it eight wins from nine matches in Super Rugby this season.
The injury-depleted hosts were in the game right until the final try but could manage only five penalties from scrumhalf Ian Prior.
REDS 26 WARATAHS 29
The New South Wales Waratahs kept alive their season with a scrappy win over the Queensland Reds in Brisbane on Saturday.
Chasing the ACT Brumbies for top spot in the Australian conference and an automatic playoff berth, the Waratahs got over the line courtesy of flyhalf Bernard Foley, who slotted home a penalty with two minutes left at Lang Park to nose his team in front.
Nick Phipps and Michael Hooper scored first-half tries for the Waratahs, with Foley racking up 19 points off the tee.
The Reds had tries from Karmichael Hunt, Lukhan Tui, Izaia Perese and Stephen Moore but indiscipline cost them badly in the second half, when Foley kicked four of his five penalties.
CHIEFS 27 SUNWOLVES 20
Livewire fullback Damian McKenzie scored a brace of tries as the Waikato Chiefs held off the dogged Sunwolves in Hamilton on Saturday.
The pint-sized playmaker touched down in the 40th and 60th minutes and also slotted home two conversions and a penalty to rack up 17 points for the hosts on a drizzly night at Waikato Stadium.
In their second season, the Tokyo-based Sunwolves showed their improvement against the dominant New Zealanders and, despite having two players sent off after the final siren, they defended stoutly on their try-line to deny the hosts a bonus point.
Fumiaki Tanaka and Derek Carpenter crossed in the second half for the Sunwolves, with Hika Elliot and Solomona Alaimalo scoring early tries for the Chiefs, who notched up their eighth win of the season.
HIGHLANDERS 57 STORMERS 14
The Otago Highlanders ran in nine tries in Dunedin to hand South Africa's Stormers a thumping at the hands of New Zealand opposition for the second straight week.
Fijian winger Patrick Osborne scored two tries and created another for centre Rob Thompson as the home side crossed five times in the first half on their way to their fifth straight win and a record points tally against the Stormers.
Winger Waisake Naholo and number eight Liam Squire also crossed before the break with Naholo adding his second and flanker Dillon Hunt, replacement hooker Greg Pleasants-Tate and replacement back Matt Faddes also scoring in the second half.
The Stormers, who lost 57-24 to the Canterbury Crusaders last week, scored the first and penultimate tries of the match through loose forward Nizaam Carr and replacement scrumhalf Dewaldt Duvenage but fell to their third successive defeat. (Compiled by Nick Mulvenney, Ian Ransom, Nick Said and Rex Gowar; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty, Pritha Sarkar, Clare Fallon and Neville Dalton)
March 30 Dongfang Modern Agriculture Holding Group Ltd
* Response to media speculation
* Notes media speculation that company is considering a secondary listing on South Korean Kosdaq
* Confirms that it is in discussions with KOSDAQ and has appointed advisers Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Hull City cannot rely solely on their home form and must quickly start racking up points away from their KCOM Stadium to avoid relegation from the Premier League this season, goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic has said.
Hull, who are 17th in the table, two points above the drop zone, have triumphed in four of their last five home games but have not won away since August.
"We have to just keep going and take points away from home," Jakupovic told British media. "We have three more home games but the next match is important for us."
Hull travels to Stoke City on Saturday and also play Southampton and relegation rivals Crystal Palace away from home.
"We could win all three home games and get to 39 points. Would that be enough? Maybe, but we need away points. Every point will be massive, not just for us but for Palace and Swansea, and everybody," Jakupovic added.
"We have to just keep going, try not to think about the table too much. We have to be cool and play our game."
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; editing by Richard Lough)
A Caterpillar corporate logo is pictured on a building in Peoria, Illinois, U.S. March 19, 2017. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) said on Friday it will shut its Aurora, Illinois, plant, costing about 800 employees their jobs as the world's largest construction and mining equipment maker shifts production to other U.S. facilities.
Caterpillar was among companies that met with President Donald Trump in February to talk about job creation, at a time when about 2,300 U.S. workers at five major manufacturing companies stand to lose their jobs within the next two years as a result of offshoring.
The company said it will transition its large wheel loaders and compactors to its plant in Decatur, Illinois, and medium wheel loaders to North Little Rock, Arkansas.
"Out of about 800 production positions, about 500 positions would likely be added to Decatur and about 150 positions would be added in North Little Rock," Caterpillar spokeswoman Lisa Miller told Reuters.
The company has already slashed its workforce by more than 16,000 to cope with a slumping economy and had said it would take another $500 million in restructuring costs in 2017.
Caterpillar said, in January, that it was considering closing two major production facilities, including the one in Aurora, Illinois, where it makes large-wheel loaders and compactors.
The plant closure is expected to be completed by the end of 2018, Caterpillar said in a statement.
The company in January forecast 2017 profit sharply below analysts' estimates, hurt by sluggish demand in the construction and energy industries.
Caterpillar had about 95,400 full-time employees of whom 54,500 persons were located outside the United States as of Dec. 31, according to a regulatory filing.
(Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan and Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
LONDON Sunderland manager David Moyes faces a possible FA sanction after telling a female reporter that she "might get a slap even though you're a woman" for questions asked in an interview last month.
Moyes, whose side are rooted to the bottom of the Premier League, apologised for the comment at a news conference on Monday.
Reporter Vicki Sparks, who works for the BBC, had made no complaint at the time and the broadcaster said the pair had spoken about the exchange and resolved the issue between themselves.
Footage of the conversation, filmed on a mobile phone, was published on Monday on the website of the tabloid Daily Star newspaper. Both parties appeared to be laughing during it.
Others took the matter much more seriously, however, with shadow (opposition) sports minister Rosena Allin-Khan calling for an FA investigation.
"If you look at the fact that he wouldn't have said that to a male reporter, and I truly believe that, I think the comments and his behaviour and attitude was sexist," she told BBC radio.
"With the FA, part of what they have been criticised for in the past is not tackling sexism and other forms of discrimination, which needs to be stamped out across the sport.
"Fundamentally it's a male-dominated environment that women find it incredibly difficult to break into and comments like this do nothing to encourage women," she added.
The Football Association, which earlier announced the unanimous approval by its council of reforms to increase the number of women on the board, said it was "seeking observations" from the north-eastern club.
The comments were made after Sparks asked Moyes whether having Sunderland owner Ellis Short in the stands during the 0-0 home draw against Burnley on March 18 had increased the pressure on him.
Moyes said on Monday: "It was in the heat of the moment, I deeply regret the comments I made. It's certainly not the person I am and I accept it was a mistake.
"I've spoken to the BBC reporter who accepted my apology and hopefully we can now move on.
"If you look at my character and personality it couldn't be further from the truth. It can happen to managers young and old. It can be difficult being put in front of the cameras so soon after the games."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neil Robinson)
Partizan Belgrade's European ban over unpaid debts was lifted by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) on Tuesday after the Serbian club provided evidence that they had cleared overdue payments to various parties.
UEFA said in January that Partizan had outstanding debts with other clubs, employees, and local social security and tax authorities, which is in breach of European club competition licensing regulations.
European football's governing body opted to exclude the club from participating in the next UEFA club competition it would otherwise qualify over the next three seasons, a decision Partizan appealed against with the sports tribunal organisation.
Partizan gave evidence to clarify their position with the tax authorities and that they had made a "timely payment" of their debt with the other parties involved.
"Taking into account the fact that FK Partizan has satisfied this condition, the club will be eligible to compete in future UEFA club competitions," CAS said in a statement.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru)
TEHRAN: Iran has denied receiving any invitation from Saudi Arabia for talks on the hajj, after a row between the arch-foes saw its pilgrims stay at home last year.
The Al-Hayat daily reported on Friday that Saudi pilgrims minister Mohammed Bentin had opened discussions with more than 80 countries, including Iran, to work out the details of the 2017 hajj.
“No invitation from Saudi Arabia has been received by Iran's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organization or the foreign ministry,” the head of the Hajj Organization, Hamid Mohammadi, was quoted as saying in Iranian media reports on Monday.
Once the invitation was received, Iranians would only be able to take part in the hajj if “the Saudi side secures the conditions of dignity and security” for them, said Mohammadi.
Iran was doing all it could to open the “blocked path” to the hajj, he said.
The annual pilgrimage, which starts and ends in the holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia, is a must for all able-bodied Muslims who can afford it.
More than 1.8 million faithful took part in 2016, but Iranians stayed at home for the first time in three decades after tensions between Riyadh and Tehran boiled over following a deadly stampede during the 2015 pilgrimage.
Iran says it lost 464 people in the crush outside Mecca.
Saudi Arabia cut all ties with Tehran in January 2016 after Iranian demonstrators torched its embassy and a consulate following its execution of a prominent Shiite cleric.
Shiite Iran and predominantly Sunni Saudi Arabia are at odds over a raft of regional issues, notably the conflicts in Syria and Yemen in which they support opposing sides. AFP
AFP/CC
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
ATHENS Olympiakos Piraeus clinched their seventh consecutive Greek league title and 44th in total after enjoying a comfortable 5-0 home win over struggling PAS Giannina in their penultimate match of the Super League season on Sunday.
Goals from Marko Marin, Manuel Da Costa, two from Alberto de la Bella and an Alejandro Dominguez late penalty saw Olympiakos romp home easily against a depleted PAS Giannina team lacking six first-team regulars through suspension or injury.
The three-point haul means the Piraeus club now have an unassailable six-point lead with one match to go.
“It has been a strange season but in the end we're the champions and that's what matters,” Olympiakos coach Takis Lemonis told reporters.
The title is Lemonis's fifth in his third spell at the helm after the 57-year-old former Olympiakos player was brought in on a short-term contract until the end of the season following the sacking of Portuguese Paulo Bento.
Lemonis said the lack of stability and constant changing of coaches had been difficult for the players.
“I am the fifth different technician and this is a big problem, especially for the team. I have had little time with them but if I managed to change something maybe it was the atmosphere in the dressing room and we managed to hold on to the title -- now we have to try and win the Greek Cup as well.”
Despite a late-season dip in form which saw PAOK and Panionios threaten to catch Olympiakos, the Piraeus giants still managed to hold on after having built up a significant lead thanks to their imperious form during the first two-thirds of the campaign.
The home side went into the game at the Georgios Karaiskakis needing just a single point to wrap up another title but in the end an eight-minute goal blitz in the first half settled any nerves, with the strikes from Marin (21), Da Costa (24) and De la Bella (29) coming during a period of total dominance from the hosts.
De la Bella (71) and Domingeuz (82) from the penalty spot put the icing on the cake with two further goals much to the delight of the jubilant home fans.
There could yet be a late twist in the tale of the title race, however, as Olympiakos face a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday which could see them get a six-point deduction following trouble at the end of their Greek Cup semi-final first-leg loss against AEK Athens 10 days ago.
(Reporting by Graham Wood; Editing by Clare Fallon)
The blue fire Megacoaster of MACK Rides is pictured at the theme park EUROPA PARK in Rust near Freiburg, Germany April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
An employee walks past tracks of a MACK Rides rollercoaster at the production plant in Waldkirch near Freiburg, Germany April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
An employee works on a track of a MACK Rides rollercoaster at the production plant in Waldkirch near Freiburg, Germany April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
The Atlantica SuperSplash of MACK Rides is pictured at the theme park EUROPA PARK in Rust near Freiburg, Germany April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
An employee works on a track of a MACK Rides rollercoaster at the production plant in Waldkirch near Freiburg, Germany April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
HAMBURG, Germany When port manager Axel Mattern looks out onto the Elbe River from his office in Hamburg's historic warehouse district, he can literally count the rising number of container ships leaving Germany's biggest harbor.
There is an export boom underway, the ships tell him. China, in particular, is "buzzing", Mattern says.
The sharp increase in demand for "Made in Germany" goods from around the world is pushing Europe's largest economy into overdrive -- and, not coincidently, helping dispel worries about rising protectionism under U.S. President Donald Trump.
Some German companies are even considering expanding into the United States, while others reckon the world is big enough for them to thrive even if American trade borders do get tricky.
In the first two months of 2017, overall German exports rose 7 percent on the year to 201.2 billion euros ($219.57 billion), driven by a broad-based uptick in demand for top quality German products such as cars and machines.
The trade boost comes on top of Germany's vibrant domestic economy which is already supported by a robust labor market, a growing population and record-low borrowing costs, enabled by the European Central Bank's loose monetary policy.
Soaring private consumption, increased state spending on refugees and higher construction drove an expansion of 1.9 percent last year, the strongest rate in half a decade and the fastest among the Group of Seven industrialized countries.
The economy is still doing well.
But it is the jump in trade that most bodes well for 2017.
A breakdown of trade data from the Federal Statistics Office compiled for Reuters shows exports to the United States -- Germany's most important single export destination after the bloc of European Union countries -- jumped 9 percent in the first two months of the year to 17.9 billion. Those to China leapt 14 percent to 12.6 billion euros.
SELF-CONFIDENCE
The U.S. increase comes despite some of the new president's "America First" campaigning.
Trump's protectionist rhetoric and the dispute about the benefits of free trade are likely to rank high on the agenda of the Group of 20 summits to be held in Hamburg in July.
Concerns among managers in Europe's economic powerhouse, however, have already eased.
"We're very relaxed about this whole debate about Trump and protectionism," Mattern said. "If Mr Trump doesn't want to buy German goods anymore because he thinks he can produce everything at home, we'll just find other buyers."
Corporate Germany's self-confidence is backed by data. A survey of some 43,000 consumers in 52 countries conducted by Dalia Research and Statista showed "Made in Germany" is viewed as the most appealing seal of quality in the world.
Infographic ID: '2pc3007'
Senior German government officials also sound less alarmed about U.S. policy after meetings with U.S. counterparts in recent weeks -- a notion echoed by ECB President Mario Draghi on Thursday.
Chancellor Angela Merkel has even fueled expectations of a future EU-U.S trade deal, saying she was "very encouraged" talks were being looked at after her recent trip to Washington.
German business leaders such as Anton Boerner from the BGA trade association point out that Trump's protectionist threats, including broad-based introduction of punitive tariffs on imports through a border adjustment tax, have failed to translate into policy so far.
"There are no concrete measures and this means 'business as usual' for companies -- at least for now," Boerner told Reuters.
While uncertainty remains high and is limiting overall private sector investment, at least some companies seem to be viewing political risks as the new normal -- and they are pushing ahead with investment.
A survey by the Ifo institute shows German industrial companies plan to increase investment by 5 percent this year, up from 3 percent in 2016.
NEW SITES
Among them are Mittelstand companies, the largely family-owned firms that form the backbone of German industry and make up roughly 98 percent of German export companies.
"We plan to open at least one, probably two new production sites in the U.S.," said Josef Minster, CEO of Schlemmer Group, an automotive supplier specializing in cable protection systems.
The Bavarian-based firm wants to increase its market share in North America and benefit from an expected upturn in the automobile sector there.
Schlemmer is also preparing a takeover of a small U.S. firm which is not yet selling its high-quality niche products abroad.
"Together with our expertise and global sales network, we expect to benefit quickly from scaling effects," Minster said, adding that the takeover would be one of the biggest in the history of the company, founded in 1954.
Schlemmer traditionally aims to produce near its customers' factories to keep the production chain short. Roller-coaster manufacturer Mack Rides, in contrast, builds every ride in the tiny southern town of Waldkirch in the Black Forest region before shipping them to amusement parks around the world.
Mack Rides plans to invest in its German production site, located near its own theme park called Europa-Park close to the French border, to meet rising global demand.
"We're currently experiencing a sharp upturn in demand from Asia and the Emirates, but also from Europe and the United States," said CEO Christian von Elverfeldt.
The 237-year-old family-run firm has an export rate of 95 percent, meaning rising protectionism and import tariffs surely would be bad for business, the manager admits.
But Elverfeldt said customers value his company's quality and innovation -- such as the recent development of a roller coaster ride with virtual reality glasses.
"Even if the U.S. should increase import tariffs, which hopefully will never happen, we'll be able to easily offset this decline in sales through the fast growing economies in Asia," he said.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
(Adds quotes, details)
ABIDJAN, April 12 Ivory Coast and Ghana, the world's top cocoa producers, said on Wednesday they would deepen collaboration and coordinate their production strategies in order to tackle price volatility.
The two countries, which together account for over 60 percent of the world's cocoa supply, have been hit hard this season by a sharp drop in world prices that have seen cocoa futures plummet by around a third since last summer.
That has aggravated the countries' respective budget deficits and forced Ivory Coast to lower the price it guarantees for farmers.
"It's become imperative that our countries take decisions on points concerning production and sustainability and on points concerning the prickly question of the volatility of prices," the head of the Ivory Coast's Coffee and Cocoa Council, Massandje Toure-Litse, told reporters.
She was speaking after a meeting with her counterpart Joseph Boahen Aidoo, CEO of Ghana Cocoa Board (Cocobod), in the Ivory Coast's commercial capital, Abidjan.
"We have very, very strong involvement at the highest summit of the state. The two heads of state have given very firm instructions," Toure-Litse said.
"Henceforth the world cocoa leaders speak with one voice everywhere and at all times."
The two countries plan to hold regular meetings. They are also establishing a joint technical committee to discuss how best to coordinate their production strategies and ensure that prices are high enough for farmers to keep producing cocoa. (Reporting by Ange Aboa; Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Susan Fenton)
April 28 Exchange Income Corp-
* Exchange Income Corporation responds to the announcement by North West Company Inc to acquire North Star Air
* Exchange Income-got notice from north west it will be transitioning freight service to its new unit in 90 days, at that time will cease as supplier to north west Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
After a year we've become acclimatised to the sound of silence emanating from Stormont.
So far, the new talks have done absolutely nothing to shatter the sullen calm nor, consequently, to take any steps towards improving the lot of the average person in Northern Ireland.
But elsewhere, in a parallel world, there are the signs of meaningful political progress.
For 30-odd years local councils here were little more than bear pits where the representatives party of our divided society looked after emptying the bins, burying the dead and running the leisure centre while hurling abuse at each other in the only politicial forum available.
After the re-organisation of local government in the wake of the McCrory Report, there was little else for them to do since housing, schools, health and roads had been removed from their control.
Things have changed since then.
We may still be suffering a political deficit from those years but, in some areas in particular, the peace process and burgeoning globalisation has forged a new bond between the old political enemies and the business community which had largely disengaged from the mid-70s on.
What's more, the representatives of those same political parties now pouting at each other in Belfast, are working together to promote the sort of inititiatives that would have been unimaginable 20 years ago.
This week, while Prime Minister Theresa may lead a UK-wide delegation to China with two local firms in its ranks, Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council is in India with 11 ambitious local businesses seeking to secure and grow their export links and trade to the subcontinent.
Companies such as Long Meadow Cider, OBE Waste & Agri Engineering, Linwoods, Glen Dimplex and Kestrel Foods are visiting the eastern city of Chennai as part of a series of initiatives designed by the council as part of its commitment to drive business growth and opportunity for local businesses.
It's an admirable attempt by the council to play its part as it aims to create 8,000 new jobs in the borough by 2026.
Last year a mission travelled to GB and later this year another lot are off to North America.
It that doesn't spell political progress I'd like to know what does.
Commuters walk past a bank sign along a road in New Delhi, India, November 25, 2015.
NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India's consumer inflation is expected to have picked up in July after easing for three straight months, with food prices back on the rise, but is expected to remain well below the central bank's target.
The consumer price index, the main policy target of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), likely rose 1.87 percent in July from a year earlier, according to a Reuters poll of economists, compared with an increase of 1.54 percent in June.
The wholesale price index INWPI=ECI likely rose 1.3 percent in July, after four months of easing. In June, WPI rose 0.9 percent.
The wholesale price data will be released around 0630 GMT on Monday, followed by consumer prices INCPIY=ECI around 1200 GMT.
Bountiful monsoon rains this year are expected to lead to another bumper harvest, further dampening food prices, which contribute near 50 percent of the consumer price index.
Retail food prices had contracted for two months through June from a year earlier.
RBI UNDER PRESSURE
Disinflationary pressures allowed the RBI to cut its main policy rate early this month by 25 basis points to 6 percent, the lowest since November 2010.
It was the first easing by an Asian central bank this year. But the RBI retained its "neutral stance" and warned inflation could pick up again.
The RBI expects retail inflation could accelerate to 3.5 percent to 4.5 percent in October-December..
The government called on Friday for more rate cuts as it flagged risks to economic growth and budget targets.
In his mid-year economic survey, Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian said there were downside risks to the official growth forecast of 6.75-7.5 percent for the fiscal year to March 2018.
India's industrial output INIP=ECI unexpectedly contracted 0.1 percent in June from a year earlier, data showed on Friday.
The launch of a national Goods and Services Tax (GST) in July has caused chaos on the ground as complex rules have left companies confused on how to price their products.
Combined factory and service sector activity slumped in July to the lowest since March 2009, according to one private survey, though analysts believe the disruptions from the new tax will start to moderate soon and longer-term it will boost domestic trade.
Economists still expect the RBI could cut policy rates by 25-50 basis points this year.
In his report, Subramanian said there was a considerable scope for monetary easing as the inflation was undergoing a "structural shift."
Suspected Uighurs from China's troubled far-western region of Xinjiang, look on inside a temporary shelter after they were detained at the immigration regional headquarters near the Thailand-Malaysia border in Hat Yai, Songkla March 14, 2014. REUTERS/Athit Perawongmetha
BEIJING China will step up a campaign against religious extremism in the far western region of Xinjiang on Saturday by implementing a range of measures, including prohibiting "abnormal" beards, the wearing of veils in public places and the refusal to watch state television.
Hundreds of people have died in recent years in Xinjiang, home to the Muslim Uighur people, in unrest blamed by Beijing on Islamist militants and separatists, though rights groups say the violence is more a reaction to repressive Chinese policies.
The government strongly denies committing any abuses in Xinjiang and insists the legal, cultural and religious rights of Uighurs, a Turkic ethnic group, are fully protected.
While China officially guarantees freedom of religion, authorities have issued a series of measures in the past few years to tackle what it sees as a rise in religious extremism.
New legislation, passed by Xinjiang lawmakers on Wednesday and published on the region's official news website, widens existing rules and will come into effect on April 1.
Workers in public spaces like stations and airports will be required to "dissuade" those who fully cover their bodies, including veiling their faces, from entering, and to report them to the police, the rules state.
It will be banned to "reject or refuse radio, television and other public facilities and services", marrying using religious rather than legal procedures and "using the name of Halal to meddle in the secular life of others".
"Parents should use good moral conduct to influence their children, educate them to revere science, pursue culture, uphold ethnic unity and refuse and oppose extremism," the rules say.
The document also bans not allowing children to attend regular school, not abiding by family planning policies, deliberately damaging legal documents and "abnormal growing of beards and naming of children to exaggerate religious fervour".
A number of bans on select "extremist behaviours" had previously been introduced in some places in Xinjiang, including stopping people with head scarves, veils and long beards from boarding buses in at least one city.
The new rules expand the list and apply them to the whole region.
While Uighurs have traditionally practiced a more relaxed form of Islam, the popularity of veils for women in particular has grown in recent years in what experts say is an expression of opposition to Chinese controls.
After a period of relative calm, there has been a rise in violence in recent months in the Xinjiang's southern Uighur heartland and a large increase in security.
Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a "great wall of iron" to safeguard Xinjiang during the annual meeting of China's parliament earlier this month.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd and Ben Blanchard; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
DUBAI, April 10 Here are some factors that may affect Middle East stock markets on Monday. Reuters has not verified the press reports and does not vouch for their accuracy.
INTERNATIONAL/REGIONAL
* GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks set for a rough ride as geopolitical risks rise
* MIDEAST STOCKS-Egypt stocks fall on bomb blasts, most Mideast markets down
* Oil prices firm on strong demand, political uncertainty in Syria
* PRECIOUS-Gold edges lower on stronger dollar
* G7 foreign ministers seek U.S. clarity over Syria
* Palm Sunday bombings of Egyptian Coptic churches kill 44
* Assad allies say U.S. attack on Syria air base crosses "red lines"
* Trump aides differ over Assad's future after Syria attack
* ANALYSIS-Assad could see U.S. strike as just a "slap on the wrist"
* UK defence minister: Russia responsible by proxy for Syria chemical deaths
* Turkey says Russia must stop insisting on Assad's leadership in Syria
* Sadr becomes first Iraqi Shi'ite leader to urge Assad to step down
* Iraqis celebrate Palm Sunday near Mosul for the first time in three years
* Iran's Rouhani condemns U.S. attack on Syria, chides Gulf Arabs
* Iran cuts May Light crude price to Asia by $0.30/bbl - source
* Hardline prosecutor emerges as main challenger to Iran's Rouhani
* Iran security body reviewing new IPC oil contracts - minister
* Death toll climbs in clashes at Palestinian camp in Lebanon
EGYPT
* Average yield on Egyptian 3-month treasury bill drops, 9-month bill rises
SAUDI ARABIA
* Saudi finance minister says no income taxes for Saudi citizens
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES
* Creditors pursue legal action against Dubai's Pacific Controls - sources
* Mubadala expected to raise over $1 billion with dual-tranche bond – sources
* Intesa Sanpaolo sets up new branches in Abu Dhabi, Doha (Reporting By Dubai Newsroom)
April 13 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
KPMG has fired its top auditor in the United States and four other partners for "unethical behaviour" in connection with leaked information that gave them advance warning of the audits that a U.S. watchdog was about to inspect. bit.ly/2o890mF
More than a quarter of British employers have experienced a fall in job applications from European Union workers since last June's Brexit referendum, according to Reed, the jobs website. bit.ly/2o86ddv
The Guardian
The average number of homes for sale by each estate agent has fallen to a record low, with agents in parts of the country gloomier than at any time since the financial crash, according to a report by the surveyor's professional body. bit.ly/2o87Ojk
The government is under mounting pressure to take strong action on rising energy bills after one of the "big six" suppliers imposed its second price hike this year on 1.5 million customers. bit.ly/2o7YPP5
The Telegraph
The European Commission has warned that a 750 million pounds ($941.18 million) plan that will allow Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc to abandon a troublesome sale of its Williams & Glyn business could eventually deal a 1.5 billion pound hit to the taxpayer-backed lender. bit.ly/2o87zoy
Dulux owner Akzo Nobel NV has reported one of its leading investors to financial regulators as the fallout continues over U.S. rival PPG Industries Inc's failed attempts to take over the Dutch giant. bit.ly/2o89UQn
Sky News
A 1 billion-pound-plus Chinese takeover of Doncasters Group, one of the UK's oldest engineering firms, has been called off amid U.S. security concerns over the company's defence operations. bit.ly/2o8fL81
Britain's biggest care home operator, Four Seasons Health Care, is preparing to sell its mental health division as part of a sweeping restructuring aimed at securing the company's long-term financial security. bit.ly/2o8bT6W
The Independent
International flight bookings to the UK have increased by 49 percent for the Easter holiday period, which falls between 31 March and 14 April, compared to the same holiday period last year, according to data by eDreams ODIGEO, one of Europe's largest e-commerce businesses and owner of online travel agency eDreams. ind.pn/2o7OiDE ($1 = 0.7969 pounds) (Compiled by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru; Editing by Sandra Maler)
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
May 2 PFC Device Inc:
* Is expected to record an increase in loss for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected result due to lower turnover in trading of raw materials which has a relatively higher gross profit margin Source text: [bit.ly/2p1mwJy] Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sony Corp's logo is seen on its television set at the company headquarters in Tokyo April 30, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Sony Corp on Friday said it expects annual profit to surge 73 percent, closing in on a two decade-old record, as its cash-cow image sensor business recovers from quake damage just as smartphone makers start loading handsets with more sensors.
Sony forecast 500 billion yen (3.51 billion pounds) in operating profit for the year ending March, just a few billion shies of analyst estimates compiled by Thomson Reuters.
If achieved, profit would be at its highest since peaking at 526 billion in the year through March 1998, when strong consumer electronics sales combined with the popularity of the first PlayStation games console and box-office hit "Men in Black".
The return to golden-era profit follows a massive overhaul under Chief Executive Officer Kazuo Hirai which included exiting the laptop business and downsizing TV operations.
Image sensors have emerged as the biggest contributor to profit growth, as operations at a factory damaged by earthquakes a year ago return to normal just as smartphone makers are increasingly adopting dual-lens rear cameras in their handsets, requiring extra sensors.
"The market is growing for higher-end models with dual-lens rear cameras or with high-performance front cameras designed for self-shooting," Chief Financial Officer Kenichiro Yoshida said at an earnings briefing. "That serves as a tailwind for us."
Sony forecast its chip division, which includes image sensors, to return to profit this year, at 120 billion yen.
To meet increased demand, it will more than double capital expenditure on image sensors to 110 billion yen, raising production capacity by 13.6 percent by the end of March.
In the gaming business, another revenue pillar, Sony expects profit to grow 25.4 percent, spurred by software sales online.
"It has been three and a half years since the debut of the PlayStation 4," Yoshida said. "Sales are likely to slow (by 10 percent) to 18 million units this year, but we are planning to launch major software titles. We believe the platform has entered the harvest period," he said, referring to a console's period of peak revenue.
Sony also said it expects its pictures segment, which is working through a turnaround plan, to return to profit after a $1 billion writedown last year.
(Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Christopher Cushing)
UPDATE 3-Dow launches new GMO corn after landing China import approval
* Six more products still waiting for green light (Adds Dow corn launch, Dow comment, background on Enlist platform)
PANAMA CITY, April 12 Annual inflation in Panama cooled in March compared with February, as prices for transportation, food and beverages slid, official data showed on Wednesday.
Inflation reached 1.5 percent in March, compared with a 1.9 percent annual rate in February, Panama's National Institute of Statistics and Census said.
On a monthly basis, consumer prices fell 0.1 percent in March. (Reporting by Elida Moreno; Editing by Leslie Adler)
LONDON Tottenham Hotspur fans could be excused for putting their faith in the old mantra "what goes around comes" as Saturday's seismic FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea looms.
Decades of misery have been inflicted by a club they once lorded it over so victory at Wembley would not only heal some of the scars but also fuel belief that the Premier League title race could yet have a final twist.
While a win would put Tottenham in their first FA Cup final since they beat Nottingham Forest in 1991 -- possibly against north London rivals Arsenal who play Manchester City on Sunday -- it could have wider ramifications for the final weeks of the season.
In the space of a few weeks Tottenham have whittled long-time league leaders Chelsea's advantage down from 13 to four points thanks to their own dazzling form and defeats by Crystal Palace and Manchester United for Antonio Conte's side.
The cracks that have appeared in Chelsea's facade could open wider should they succumb to a rampant Tottenham side who have won seven successive league games.
Conversely, should Chelsea prevail it would surely give them the impetus to claim the Premier League and FA Cup double they last achieved under Carlo Ancelotti in 2010.
"For the neutral it's a fantastic game and for us it's a great opportunity to go into a final," Chelsea defender Gary Cahill said. "Two very good sides are going against each other.
"Every top player enjoys big games and this is a huge one at the weekend. But you only enjoy them if you win them. That's our focus, to win and then get back to the League."
The last of Chelsea's seven FA Cup triumphs came in 2012 when they also met Tottenham in the semi-final.
It proved to be a chastening experience for Tottenham as they were crushed 5-1 with the aid of a disputed second goal scored by Juan Mata.
If that were not a bitter enough pill to swallow a few weeks later Harry Redknapp's Tottenham side saw a Champions League place ripped from under their noses when Chelsea improbably beat Bayern Munich in Bavaria to win the competition.
Tottenham had finished fourth to Chelsea's sixth in the Premier League and ordinarily would have qualified for the Champions League. Instead Chelsea did as winners and Tottenham dropped into the Europa League.
That summer, thanks to the lure of Champions League football, Chelsea snatched Tottenham transfer target Eden Hazard.
The pain continued last year when Tottenham needed a first win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge for 26 years to keep alive their hopes of catching Leicester City in the title race.
Goaded by Chelsea's fans and players they burst into a 2-0 lead but ended up drawing 2-2 in a game that spiralled out of control and ended with nine Spurs players booked.
In between there was the small matter of the 2015 League Cup final in which Jose Mourinho's Chelsea beat Tottenham 2-0.
Tottenham's last piece of silverware, the 2008 League Cup, was won against Chelsea at Wembley but of their last eight visits to the stadium they have won once -- a worrying statistic seeing as they are likely to adopt it as temporary home next season.
Chelsea have been at pains to distance the title race from Saturday's duel, but momentum is key when the season reaches the final sprint and while an all-London Cup semi-final hardly needs selling, the fact that it is between the two clubs contesting a two-horse title race adds to the intrigue.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
(Reuters Health) - Care at freestanding emergency departments may cost about 10 times more than similar treatment at urgent care centers, according to a Texas study that highlights the potential for patients to be surprised by their bills.
The average cost of care at a freestanding emergency room in Texas was $2,199 in 2015, compared with $168 at urgent care, the study found. Either way, patients had to pay roughly one third of the tab out-of-pocket.
“We think patients may confuse freestanding emergency rooms with urgent care,” said lead study author Vivian Ho of Rice University in Houston.
“In Texas, they are both commonly found in suburban strip malls,” Ho said by email. “When people see a health care facility in that setting, they assume it won't be as expensive as going to the hospital.”
For the study, Ho and colleagues analyzed insurance claims processed by Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Texas from 2012 to 2015.
While hospital emergency rooms and urgent care clinics accounted for the bulk of these claims, freestanding emergency departments experienced much more growth in use during the study period, researchers report in the Annals of Emergency Medicine.
In 2015, there were 1,046,545 visits to hospital emergency rooms and 926,933 to urgent care clinics, compared with just 183,971 visits to freestanding emergency departments.
During the study period, the number of freestanding emergency departments visited by patients in the database surged from 52 to 207 and the total number of visits jumped by 236 percent, from 54,696.
Prices at urgent care centers only rose 2 percent over the study period, while prices at hospital-based emergency rooms climbed 23 percent and prices at freestanding emergency departments soared 54 percent.
By the end of the study, average prices at hospital emergency rooms were $2,259, or about $60 more than at freestanding emergency departments.
When researchers looked at prices in different settings for the most common conditions treated, they found average prices were much higher at freestanding emergency departments than at urgent care.
For example, treatment for upper respiratory infections cost $1,351 at freestanding emergency rooms and $165 at urgent care clinics. At hospital-based emergency rooms, the price was $1,074.
One limitation of the study is that the severity of diseases or injuries might have varied at the different facilities, the authors note. They also lacked data on the total amount of money patients ultimately paid out-of-pocket for their care.
Another shortcoming is that the study didn't include patients with other types of insurance including government programs like Medicare, Medicaid and Tricare.
Treating patients with these other types of insurance might bring down the average amounts paid out to hospital emergency rooms because those programs typically reimburse at a lower rate than private insurance, said Dr. Erin Simon, a researcher at Cleveland Clinic Akron General in Ohio who wasn't involved in the study.
“Independent freestanding emergency departments are not able to bill those patients and must absorb those costs, and neither of those factors are addressed in this study,” Simon said by email.
Freestanding emergency departments may offer better access to care because they're often located closer to where patients live and can cut travel time in emergencies, noted Dr. Nitish Patidar, a researcher at Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Connecticut who wasn't involved in the study.
In some emergencies, patients might need to be transferred to a hospital, but the quality of care should generally be similar between freestanding emergency departments and hospital-based emergency rooms, Patidar said.
Patients do need to know when to try urgent care and when to visit emergency rooms, said Dr. Benjamin Lawner, medical director of prehospital care services for LifeFlight and EMS at Allegheny General Hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
“Urgent care centers are most suitable for convenience type of care,” Lawner said by email. “If a patient has a sore throat, cough, cold, or laceration, the urgent care center represents an accessible and efficient means of care,” he said.
“For possible life threatening situations such as chest pain, trouble breathing, weakness or significant injury, I'd recommend a freestanding emergency department or hospital emergency department,” Lawner added.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oHDOvg Annals of Emergency Medicine, online February 15, 2017.
ROME Pescara's Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari abandoned the pitch on Sunday, saying he had been booked for complaining about racist chanting from the crowd during his team's 1-0 defeat at Cagliari in Serie A.
Muntari was shown the yellow card for dissent by referee Daniele Minelli in the 90th minute and walked off the pitch in protest during stoppage time, leaving his team to play the last few minutes with 10 men.
The 32-year-old told television reporters that a group of fans had been insulting him from the start of the match, including a group of children.
He said he offered the children his shirt to set an example but the insults continued in the second half.
"He told me I should not talk to the crowd. I asked him if had heard the insults. I insisted that he must have the courage to stop the game," Muntari said.
"The referee should not just stay on the field and blow the whistle, he must do everything. He should be aware of these things and set an example," he added.
Italy has struggled to stop racist chanting in its stadiums and there have been a number of incidents over the years.
In one of the most serious in 2013, the AC Milan team abandoned the pitch during a friendly in the town of Busto Arsizio after home fans insulted midfielder Kevin-Prince Boateng.
Under guidelines introduced following that incident, the referee is supposed to alert the fourth official who should in turn report the incident to the public security department responsible for policing at games.
Pescara coach Zdenek Zeman said he sympathised with Muntari but said the player should not have walked off.
"Muntari has abandoned the pitch because of racist chants but we should not take justice into our own hands," he said.
"We have been talking about racism for years now but nothing happens. Today, this has happened to Muntari who has been playing in Italy for several years now. We need a change of mentality."
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Clare Fallon)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
PARIS French police questioned four men and a woman on Tuesday after an anti-terrorism operation in the northern town of Rouen and two other parts of France, a judiciary source said.
During a search near Rouen, police took away two handguns and two rifles, the source said, though police added that the weapons were legally held.
The police operation was undertaken as part of a preliminary investigation launched in Paris into the possibility that terrorist acts were being planned, the source said.
France has been hit by a series of Islamist militant attacks in Paris and elsewhere in the past two years which have killed more than 230 people. Security has been stepped up across France ahead of the final vote of its presidential election on May 7.
(Reporting by Marine Pennetier and Emmanuel Jarry; Writing By Richard Balmforth; Editing by Gareth Jones)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3389, or 74.69 U.S. cents * Bond prices slightly lower across the yield curve TORONTO, April 5 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Wednesday against its U.S. counterpart, paring some of this week's losses as oil prices rose. U.S. crude prices were up 1.25 percent at $51.67 a barrel, helped by a fall in U.S. crude inventories and an outage at Britain's largest North Sea oilfield. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. Still, gains for the loonie were restrained as caution prevailed in global markets before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping this week. At 9:06 a.m. ET (1306 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3389 to the greenback, or 74.69 U.S. cents, stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3406, or 74.59 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3379 to C$1.3409. On Tuesday, the Canadian dollar hit a nearly three-week low against its U.S. counterpart at C$1.3455, pressured by a loss of risk appetite and domestic data showing an unexpected trade deficit. It has retreated 0.7 percent this week after finishing the first quarter with a 1 percent gain. The U.S. dollar was little changed on Wednesday ahead of the release of minutes from the last U.S. Federal Reserve meeting even as U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, well above economists' expectations. Canadian government bond prices were slightly lower across the yield curve, with the two-year down 2 Canadian cents to yield 0.749 percent and the 10-year falling 5 Canadian cents to yield 1.588 percent. On Tuesday, the 10-year yield touched its lowest in four months at 1.545 percent as U.S. Treasury yields declined on doubts about the ability of U.S. President Donald Trump to enact fiscal stimulus. Canada's employment report for March is due on Friday. Economists forecast that Canada added just 5,000 jobs after a strong run of employment gains. (Reporting by Fergal Smith Editing by W Simon)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
The former actress announced the candidacy in a video she shared online. But many people who are biased against pro-Palestinian rights advocates called her a "bigot."
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
Former actress Cynthia Nixon has launched her campaign for New York governor with an ad that has touched thousands of online users -- so much so that her announcement went viral on Twitter.
Despite her popularity, however, the candidacy has already started to bother some strong voices against Palestinians, such as lawyer and Israel advocate Alan Dershowitz.
As people on Twitter celebrated Nixon's campaign and promises, Dershowitz blasted the candidate by calling her a bigot.
Yeah, you read that right.
Cynthia Nixon may run for Gov of NY. She has collaborated with Israel haters Jewish Voice for Peace and Vanessa Redgrave in boycotting Israel. Do not support her bigotry. — Alan Dershowitz (@AlanDersh) March 17, 2018
Despite his claims, even Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP)'s Executive Director Rebecca Vilkomerson mocked Dershowitz's comments regarding Nixon's candidacy, appearing to side with the former actress.
Hahahahaha this should be worth a lot of endorsements! Cc @jvplive https://t.co/gGZ8UIQriD — Rebecca Vilkomerson (@RVilkomerson) March 19, 2018
According to Dershowitz, Nixon is a bigot for joining with “Israel haters” and collaborating with them.
However, when Nixon signed a petition in 2010 supporting Israeli artists who refused to perform in Israeli settlements in the West Bank, she wasn't standing alone against Jewish men and women. She was actually joining prominent Jewish and Israeli personalities, such as Theodore Bikel, Ed Asner, and Tony Kushner. The movement prompted Jewish Voice for Peace to draft a statement signed by Nixon and over 150 other film and theater professionals.
Dershowitz, who has been supportive of President Donald Trump, appears to have already started a smear campaign against Nixon because of her support for people's choices regarding the Israeli state. Thankfully, his claims appear to have not caught on as social media users are all about Nixon and her plan to fix New York.
"Go get our girl*."
*New York State https://t.co/C9bcBRvRbX — Alex Bedder (@itgetsbedder) March 19, 2018
Samantha: I don't believe in the Republican party or the Democratic party. I just believe in parties.
Miranda: https://t.co/uFWHV7nEFB — Caro (@socarolinesays) March 19, 2018
When you realize you will never have to answer questions about Sex and the City 3 again. pic.twitter.com/N5unoZ0EMZ — Louis Peitzman (@LouisPeitzman) March 19, 2018
gotta say her positions including "Not Being Andrew Cuomo" and "Being a Different Person Than Andrew Cuomo" are very fascinating to me, a voter https://t.co/65CBm9RoOx — matt ?? lubchansky (@Lubchansky) March 19, 2018
One of the tabs on Cynthia Nixon's campaign website is called "#CuomosMTA"
"Unlike Governor Cuomo, Cynthia Nixon rides the subway every day. She understands first-hand the toll that his disastrous mismanagement of the MTA is taking on everyday New Yorkers." — erica orden (@eorden) March 19, 2018
Some notorious Twitter users, such as Rosie O'Donnell, also showed their love for Nixon and her plan for the state.
CYNTHIA NIXON FOR GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK ! #myFULLsupport - she is one of kind - brilliant - brave bold and so smart - a true leader #NIXON4NY pic.twitter.com/5hSeCDzzer — ROSIE (@Rosie) March 19, 2018
One thing I'm curious about with Cynthia Nixon's candidacy-- lots of men have jumped from showbiz to politics (Reagan, Schwarzenegger, Franken, Trump.) Will voters allow a woman to to the same? — Charlotte Alter (@CharlotteAlter) March 19, 2018
Whether Dershowitz's smear campaign will produce the effects he desires or not, it's clear that Nixon is widely loved and supported. It will be tough to ignore her rise as a politician.
* Copper slides to lowest since early January
* Korea tensions, lack of Trump spending plans weigh
* LME-SHFE arb: tmsnrt.rs/2oQ5nm2 (Updates with closing prices)
By Jan Harvey
LONDON, April 12 Copper slid to three-month lows on Wednesday as a tentative recovery in broader financial markets lost steam, with geopolitical tensions and fading hopes of a boost to U.S. demand putting pressure on prices.
The metal slipped this week along with other cyclical assets as concerns over North Korea and the Middle East ratcheted up. While equities initially recovered some losses on Wednesday, they quickly lost momentum, while copper continued to languish.
"Copper had such a strong ride after the U.S. elections last year, due to the specific story about infrastructure and defence spending in the U.S., so it's possible for risk sentiment to stabilise without it really helping copper," Danske Bank analyst Jens Pedersen said.
"Base metals have performed rather poorly, owing to risk aversion, and perhaps some impatience over the lack of details around Trump's plans for infrastructure," he said.
Copper, widely used in construction, rallied to its highest since mid-2015 in the months following Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election win in November on the back of his pledge to boost infrastructure spending.
* LME COPPER: London Metal Exchange copper closed down 2.1 percent at $5,628 a tonne. Earlier in the session, it slumped to $5,615, its lowest since early January.
* CHINA: Chinese President Xi Jinping called for a peaceful resolution of rising tensions on the Korean peninsula in a telephone conversation with Trump, as a U.S. aircraft carrier strike group steamed towards the region.
* FINANCIAL MARKETS: A break in alarming political news lifted European stocks, though the mood remained skittish, tarnishing an otherwise brightening outlook for global economic growth.
* FREEPORT: Losses amounting to hundreds of millions of dollars appear to be pushing the Indonesian government and mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resolve a row that has crippled operations at Grasberg, the world's richest copper mine, for three months.
* RIO TINTO: Diversified miner Rio Tinto Plc restated on Wednesday its decision to continue discussions over the future of its stake in the Grasberg mine.
* BHP BILLITON: Anglo-Australian miner BHP Billiton dismissed a wide-ranging proposal by shareholder Elliott Advisors to overhaul its corporate strategy and sell off oil interests, saying the measures would not benefit the company.
* TECHNICALS: LME copper may retest support at $5,724 per tonne, with a good chance of breaking below this level and falling more to the next support at $5,689.
* ALUMINIUM STOCKS: Aluminium stocks held in LME-registered warehouses MAL-STOCKS fell 13,575 tonnes on Tuesday to their lowest since late 2008, exchange data showed. LME aluminium closed down 1.2 percent at $1,898 a tonne.
* OTHER METALS: LME nickel ended the day down 1.1 percent at $9,735 a tonne, while tin was down 3 percent at $19,405. Zinc ended 1.4 percent higher at $2,605 and lead finished the day down 0.3 percent at $2,242.
(Additional reporting by Melanie Burton in Melbourne; Editing by David Evans and Jane Merriman)
São Paulo, April 3 Brazil's Fibria Celulose SA , the world's largest eucalyptus pulpmaker, brought forward the startup date for pulp production at its Horizonte 2 project to early September, according to a Monday securities filing.
It previously expected to begin production in the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Fibria said it has concluded 87 percent of the physical plant for Horizonte 2 project in midwest Brazil, which is set to add around 2 million tonnes of new capacity starting this year. (Reporting by Bruno Federowski and Gabriela Mello; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
By Annie Reuter
The 2017 Teen Choice Awards were held on Sunday evening (Aug. 13) and one major name was missing: Miley Cyrus. The singer and actress shared her apologies with fans on Instagram that evening, explaining that while she had every intention of attending the awards show to accept her trophy for The Ultimate Choice Award, her schedule simply wouldn't allow her.
Related: Miley Cyrus Announces Title, Release Date of New Album
“To my dearest fans & all of those watching @teenchoicefox ! I want to say thank you from the very bottom of my heart for presenting me with #TheUltimateChoiceAward!” Cyrus writes. “I am beyond bummed I couldn't make it to the show as I had every intention of being there to accept and celebrate this honor! I created an unrealistic schedule for myself which leads me to this announcement!”
Then, with the grace of a veteran politician, Miley spun her apology into an act of self-promotion. “I've been tryin to keep the secret but I can't hide it any longer! My new single / music video #YoungerNow will be dropping this Friday, Aug 18th & I am sooooooo EXCITED to share it with all of you! I hope to always make people smile and shine light thru my work! I look forward to making music for the rest of my life and I'm thankful everyday for those who listen! I am sending so much love and peace into the world right now because THATS what we need most! Love Love & more LOVE!”
Cyrus wasn't the only celebrity who couldn't make it to the show. Bruno Mars accepted his Visionary Award from afar with a special video message.
Saudi Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman attends a graduation ceremony and air show marking the 50th anniversary of the founding of King Faisal Air College in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
RIYADH Saudi Arabia's Public Investment Fund, its top sovereign wealth fund, will make half of its investments in the domestic economy, Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said on Tuesday.
In a nationally televised interview discussing the government's economic policies, Prince Mohammed also said authorities would announce a housing program in the third quarter of this year.
The government will provide over 1 million housing units through soft loans or the Saudi Real Estate Development Fund, he said without giving a time frame.
Prince Mohammed said the government was committed to providing medical treatment to its citizens but would not necessarily manage hospitals.
(Reporting by Riyadh team; Writing by Andrew Torchia)
* S8 has the biggest screen to date for Samsung premium phones
* Samsung also launching new AI assistant Bixby
* Aims to recover market share vs Apple after Note 7 debacle
* S8 to go on sale on April 21
By Se Young Lee
March 29 Samsung Electronics Co Ltd unveiled its Galaxy S8 flagship smartphone as it battles to regain the market leadership it lost to Apple Inc after the embarrassing withdrawal of the fire-prone Note 7s.
Boasting some of the largest wrap-around screens ever made, the long-awaited S8 is the South Korean tech giant's first new premium phone since the Note 7 debacle in October, which wiped out $5.48 billion of profit and helped Apple overtake Samsung as the world's top smartphone maker in the fourth quarter.
Two versions of the Galaxy S8, code-named Dream internally, were launched at a media event in New York on Wednesday, with 6.2-inch (15.75 cm) and 5.8-inch curved screens - the largest to date for Samsung's premium smartphones.
The phones, which will go on sale on April 21, are slightly longer but comparable in width to their predecessors as Samsung has eliminated nearly all of the bezel borders around the face to maximize the screen surface area.
The S8 features Samsung's new artificial intelligence service, Bixby, with functions including a voice-commanded assistant system similar to Apple's Siri. There is also a new facial recognition application that lets users unlock their phones by looking at them.
Samsung is hoping the design update and the new features - nothing revolutionary but focused on making life easier for consumers - will be enough to revive sales in a year Apple is expected to introduce major changes to its iPhones for their 10th anniversary, including the very curved screens that have become staples of the Galaxy brand.
The S8 is also crucial for Samsung's image as a maker of reliable mobile devices. The self-combusting Galaxy Note 7s had to be scrapped in October just two months after their launch and a failed attempt to recall the Note 7s in September was particularly damaging, investors and analysts say, leading to questions about the firm's credibility.
Samsung responded by implementing new battery safety measures after an internal investigation identified battery problems from two different suppliers as the cause of the Note 7's problems.
Still, some analysts say consumers may be wary of potential safety problems with the S8.
"Initial sales of the S8 may appear slow compared to what was typical for previous model releases," said Lux Research analyst Christopher Robinson. "In other words, smaller initial sales spike."
Samsung's early marketing of the S8 has eschewed the safety issue, which brand experts say is an attempt to avoid reminding consumers of the images of burnt Note 7s that spread throughout the world's media late last year. ($1 = 1,113.8200 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee in Seoul; editing by Stephen Coates and David Clarke)
April 5 Shree Metalloys Ltd
* Says accepted resignation of Jogesh Dirajlal Chokshi from post of chief financial officer (CFO) and directorship of co
* Says appointed Govindlal Mangilal Dudani, as an additional director and chief financial officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Square Peg Concerts will present the premier imitation Beatles act, The Fab Four, in a concert called “The Ultimate Tribute” at 8 p.m. Friday in the Lobero Theatre.
While they are undertaken for identical motives — homage and personal profit — a contemporary stage act that seeks to reconstruct an Elvis Presley concert is a very different thing from an act recreating a Beatles show. The latter is way more complicated, for one thing, and not just by a factor of four, but exponentially.
To make a plausible Elvis, only the star himself has to approximate the original, and the Elvis most-often impersonated — the middle-aged Elvis, wheezing around the Las Vegas stages in his dyed pompadour, crepe-hair sideburns and sparkly white jumpsuit — was largely a self-parody anyway. All the impersonator needs to work on is the voice — the rest can be done with costume and make-up. (To play Elvis as a character in a feature film is another thing entirely. If you want to witness a miracle of a performance, check out David Keith in Heartbreak Hotel.)
When the Beatles broke up forever, on the other hand, they were all still in their 20s and were all — except, perhaps, Ringo Starr — still evolving as personalities and musicians. Their interactions as a group, the intricate weaving of voices and instruments, and the rotating dominance of one then another, were much more unstable than they seemed at the time, thanks to the metronomic drumming of the unflappable Ringo.
To re-create this dynamic in a live stage show — to persuade an audience, against their certain knowledge, that they are actually watching the Beatles — takes more than passionate admiration and mimetic ability. It takes something very close to Charles Dickens' definition of genius: an infinite capacity for taking pains.
It is this capacity that has elevated The Fab Four above every other Beatles tribute — their ability to give “uncanny, note-for-note live renditions of Beatles' songs.” Founded in 1997, they are still going strong. So successful has the act been that in 2005, the original Fab Four — Ron McNeil (John Lennon), Ardy Sarraf (Paul McCartney), Michael Amador (George Harrison) and Rolo Sandoval (Ringo) — created a second set, called “Fab Four Mania,” that became a permanent act in Las Vegas, while the Fab Four itself continues to tour and delight Beatles fans around the world.
Tickets to Fab Four are $35 and $25.50 and are available at the Lobero box office, 33 E. Canon Perdido St. and 805.963.0761, or click here to order online.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. He can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
COLOMBO May 3 Sri Lankan shares fell on Wednesday, retreating further from a near 11-month closing high hit on Friday, as investors booked profits in large caps such as Ceylon Tobacco Co Plc and conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc.
The Colombo stock index ended down 0.67 percent at 6,563.85 with Ceylon Tobacco shedding 1.7 percent and John Keells declining 0.9 percent. Meanwhile, Selinsing Plc dropped 23.5 percent with 235 shares changing hands.
"After a long time, we saw significant profit-taking in some counters," said Dimantha Mathew, head of research, First Capital Holdings PLC. "The positive sign is that foreign interest is still there."
Analysts said the market will continue to be bullish amid some profit-taking.
Turnover was 608.04 million rupees ($4.00 million), less than this year's daily average of 898.8 million rupees.
Foreign investors net bought shares worth 60.1 million rupees, extending the year-to-date net foreign buying to 16.46 billion rupees worth of equities.
They bought a net 14 billion rupees worth of equities in the last 28 sessions with the bourse seeing inflows in 27 sessions. ($1 = 152.1000 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
* Trump admin seeking ways to penalize currency manipulators
* Dollar index falls from 9-day high
* Euro hits 9-day low vs dollar, nearly 4-week low vs sterling
* Sterling hits session high after report (Updates to midday trading, adds data)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, March 30 The dollar was flat on Thursday after weak reports on euro zone inflation took the edge off news that U.S. President Donald Trump's administration was studying ways to "penalize currency manipulators" to fulfill a campaign pledge.
According to CNBC, the Trump administration is "assessing the scope of its power to penalize countries whose currencies it believes are undervalued," which could drive the dollar lower. The report provided no details about how the administration would do this.
While campaigning, Trump promised to label China a currency manipulator on his first day as president, but so far has taken no action.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, erased its gains for the day after the report, falling from a nine-day high.
However, it largely retraced the move not long after. The index was last up 0.1 percent at 100.11.
"This is really just a bit more jawboning from the (Trump) administration and them trying to move the dollar in the direction that they want it to go," said Mark McCormick, North American head of FX strategy at TD Securities.
"That's been their operating mandate. They believe the dollar is too strong."
The British pound gained strongly against the dollar after the report, rising 0.7 percent to a session high of $1.2525. The dollar fell to its lows of the day against the Swiss franc, dropping to 0.995 franc.
The euro fell to its lowest since March 21 against the dollar and lowest since March 3 against sterling.
German and Spanish consumer inflation slowed more sharply than expected in March, prompting worries that sluggish growth in the euro zone could persist.
The inflation numbers compounded a Reuters report on Wednesday citing sources close to the European Central Bank who said officials there were unhappy with a shift in market expectations toward tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"That sort of off-the-record briefing that came through yesterday and German inflation this morning do seem to have pulled the rug from under the euro," said Nick Parsons, a strategist with National Australia Bank in London.
Month-end flows, solid U.S. data and technical positioning also kept the dollar rangebound, analysts said.
The Commerce Department earlier reported that U.S. gross domestic product grew faster than previously reported in the fourth quarter last year thanks to robust consumer spending. (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Additional reporting from Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Dan Grebler and David Gregorio)
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
FILE PHOTO: Pro-democracy protesters carrying yellow umbrellas, symbol of the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement, stage a three-minute silence outside government headquarters in Hong Kong to mark the second anniversary of the movement, China September 28, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
FILE PHOTO: Wang Zhenmin, the head of the law department of China's representative office in Hong Kong, speaks during a luncheon in Hong Kong, China April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo
HONG KONG The legal chief of Beijing's representative office in Hong Kong said on Saturday growing calls for independence could make the territory's current "one country, two systems" constitutional framework unsustainable.
Chinese leaders are increasingly concerned about a fledgling independence or secessionist movement in the former British colony of Hong Kong, which returned to mainland rule in 1997 amid promises of wide-ranging autonomy including judicial independence under the formula of "one country, two systems".
The unusually strong comments by Wang Zhenmin, an official at the Central Liaison Office, China's top representative office in Hong Kong, came ahead of the 20th anniversary of the handover of power to China.
Hong Kong will be on high alert ahead of the July 1st celebrations when President Xi Jinping is widely expected to attend the swearing in of leader elect Carrie Lam.
Speaking at a seminar in the territory, broadcast on local cable television, Wang attacked the separatist movement and said Hong Kong must act to defend China's sovereignty.
"The more Hong Kong fails to actively defend (China's) sovereignty, national security and development interests in accordance with the law, the more wary the country will be about Hong Kong's high degree of autonomy and the 'two systems'. There would be less room for its autonomy," Wang said.
He said Beijing was also "disheartened" at the prospect separatists might enter the Hong Kong establishment or education system.
"If the two systems have been severely disrupted or even been used to damage one country, (China) will feel very unsafe…If one's own existence has become a problem, no nation will continue the arrangements of 'two systems'," he said, according to footage of the same speech carried on government funded RTHK.
China has promised Hong Kong's capitalist system would remain unchanged for 50 years, but it has not made clear what will happen in 2047. Some in Hong Kong fear Beijing may look to impose mainland rule on the territory before then.
Last year, China's parliament intervened in a Hong Kong court case by passing a ruling on the Basic Law, as the territory's mini-constitution is known.
It was one of Beijing's most direct interventions into Hong Kong's legal and political system since the 1997 handover.
Wang previously said on Friday that Hong Kong should have "respect and awe" for China's system, to which it would have to adapt, government funded RTHK reported on Friday.
(Reporting by Michelle Price; Additional reporting by Venus Wu and Julie Zhu; Editing by Ros Russell)
FRANKFURT, March 29 German state bank Kfw accidentally transferred 7.6 billion euros ($8.2 billion) to four other banks but got the money back, incurring costs of 25,000 euros, executive board member Guenther Braeunig said on Wednesday.
The money was transferred in February due to a glitch in the bank's information technology and was reminiscent of an incident in 2008 when KfW transferred 350 million euros to Lehman Brothers on the day of its bankruptcy, suffering heavy losses.
KfW is currently renewing its IT, a process which will be concluded by 2018.
Separately, the state development bank said it posted a flat net profit of 2 billion euros in 2016, while granting 81 billion euros in state money for student loans, energy-efficient refurbishment subsidies to start-up funding.
($1 = 0.9273 euros) (Reporting by Alexander Hübner; Writing by Arno Schuetze; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
NEW YORK, April 20 Days ahead of France's presidential election, volatility indexes measuring stock price uncertainty in European shares versus U.S. stocks have diverged to their widest margin since just after Britain voted to leave the European Union.
As of Thursday, European stocks are primed for a burst of near-term volatility, while the U.S. equity options market exhibits only a mild uptick in expectations for big gyrations.
The spread between Europe's main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index, and the CBOE Volatility Index, the most widely followed gauge of U.S. stock market investors' anxiety, has widened to its largest margin since July 7, 2016, just weeks after Brexit.
The gap between May futures on the two indexes has also widened.
"We think these have probably widened due to the election," said Matt Thompson, co-head of the Volatility Group at Typhon Capital LLC, in Chicago.
French voters go to the polls on Sunday with opinion polls making independent centrist Emmanuel Macron the favorite. But the gap separating him from the other top three contenders - Marine Le Pen on the far-right, conservative Francois Fillon and far-leftist Jean-Luc Melenchon - has narrowed.
Melenchon's surge in polls following strong TV debate performances in late March and early April has rattled markets in recent days. Investors are now grappling with the prospect of a May 7 run-off between Le Pen and Melenchon - both eurosceptics.
The widened gap in volatility expectations is due to a sharp spike in volatility expectations for European stocks as U.S. investors have largely taken a more nonchalant attitude.
"In any situation like this we would expect that the geographic location from where the concern is emanating will experience the brunt of that in capital markets. And that's exactly what we are seeing," said Bill Merz, senior market strategist at U.S. Bank in Minneapolis.
The wide difference in volatility expectations, however, is unlikely to persist beyond the election, no matter who wins, Typhon's Thompson said.
"Either volatility will rise on both sides and the VIX will catch up to the VSTOXX, or VSTOXX might catch down a bit to the VIX," he said.
Owning VIX calls against VSTOXX puts would be a simple way to profit from the narrowing of the spread in expectations.
Buying a call conveys the right to purchase shares at a fixed price in the future, while buying puts conveys the right to sell shares.
(Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Daniel Bases and Dan Grebler)
BEIJING, March 28 The Beijing-based Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) will provide Bangladesh loans worth $60 million to address the country's gas supply deficit, the AIIB said on Tuesday.
The fund will be used to help Bangladesh's Natural Gas Infrastructure and Efficiency Improvement Project, as the lack of gas supply would "eventually impact Bangladesh's energy security and constrain the nation's economic growth", the AIIB said in a press release.
The project is co-financed by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), which approved a $167 million loan in November to boost Bangladesh's natural gas production and expand transmission infrastructure.
The AIIB said on Tuesday it had also approved loans of $125 million and $100 million for Indonesia's dam improvement project and a regional infrastructure development fund project, respectively, following prior announcements from co-financing partner World Bank to match the funding.
"Currently available financing instruments in Indonesia are limited and ill-fit for the nature and scale of the required urban and local municipal infrastructure investment," the AIIB said. (Reporting by Yawen Chen and Nicholas Heath; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds quote, details)
By Christian Elion
BRAZZAVILLE, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Debt-crippled Congo Republic's government approved a plan on Friday to dissolve its loss-making power and water utilities and replace them with three public limited companies.
Like other Central African oil producers, Congo has been hit hard by low crude prices. Government revenues have dropped by a third since 2015. The IMF said in December that the non-oil economy was expected to contract by 9.2 percent in 2017.
The government released a statement after a cabinet meeting saying that power company Société Nationale d'Electricité (SNE) and water utility Société Nationale de Distribution d'Eau (SNDE) had failed to reach sufficient profit levels despite heavy state investment.
“The future Plc will be charged with managing the public good of electricity via contracts with public service concession contracts concluded between the State and public and private operators,” the statement read.
The water sector would be restructured along similar lines it said.
The government said it expected the reforms to spur investment into the sectors.
“The dissolution ... of the SNE and SNDE will have no consequences on the social plan as the assets, personnel as well as the rights and obligations of the old structures will be transferred automatically to the future companies,” it said.
Congo is currently in talks with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to try to secure a bailout package to help bolster its struggling economy. Negotiations have dragged on for months, even as its regional neighbours secured deals.
Following the last round of talks in December, the IMF commended Congo on its draft 2018 budget and progress in formulating macroeconomic and structural policies.
But it urged the government to hire the legal and financial advisers needed to help it restructure its debts, mainly to commodity trading houses.
Prime Minister Clément Mouamba will establish a technical committee to oversee the reforms in the power and water sectors.
The three new public limited companies will include two that manage the power and water sectors respectively and a third that will oversee electricity transmission.
The plan must now be submitted to parliament for approval. (Writing by Joe Bavier; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
Forty dancers from Wellingborough's Kilburn School of Dance were selected to represent England in 11 dances at the Dance World Cup in Barcelona last week.
Principal Amanda Wilkins said: “We are delighted to report back that we received bronze and silver medals and came fourth four times, missing out on the bronze by .1 of a Mark on one group dance.
“We also gained a sixth place all of which give Team England points for the country award.”
Silver medals were won by Scarlett Bolwell, Francesca Allen, Ronalee Galhena and Charley Knight for a tap number.
A group of six to nine-year-olds won the bronze for a ballet group. Fourth place finishers were Isobel Barber, Georgia Gunning, Lili Skye Howe and Francesca Allen.
Amanda added: “Against 36 other countries and 50,000 children involved from all around the world, all at Kilburn School are delighted with their results.”
“Overall Spain won the country award with England as runner-up.
“I am so proud of all dancers. They work hard in lessons and really have risen to achieve in new and demanding situations.
“One group even had to dance at 12.20am in the morning which is something we have never had to do before. We had huge support from parents and fellow team members in Spain and also from family, friends and schools back home who could watch on live streaming, definitely a great experience.”
Pupils returned home to go into rehearsals for their showcase: Let's Go to the Movies, at the Castle Theatre on July 21/22. Tickets are available from the box office.
May 2 Tahoe Resources Inc
* Tahoe reports record results in first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.24
* Q1 earnings per share $0.24
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.09 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue $251 million versus I/B/E/S view $215.5 million
* Tahoe Resources Inc - Full-year 2017 production and cost guidance for both silver and gold remains unchanged
* Tahoe Resources Inc - Reported total silver production in Q1 2017 of 5.7 million ounces, 17% higher than previous quarter
* Q1 2017 gold production totaled 119.1 thousand ounces, compared to record production of 119.9 thousand ounces in Q4 2016
* Tahoe Resources Inc - Q1 2017 gold production totaled 119.1 thousand ounces, compared to production of 119.9 thousand ounces in Q4 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
March 31 CATENA AB:
* SAID ON THURSDAY ACQUIRED THE REMAINING PART OF FOUR JOINTLY OWNED COMPANIES WITH AN UNDERLYING PROPERTY VALUE OF 560 MILLION SWEDISH CROWNS
* THE FOUR COMPANIES WERE OWNED 50/50 WITH PEAB
* THE PURCHASE PRICE FOR 50 PERCENT OF THE SHARES OF ALL THE COMPANIES AND PROPERTIES TOTALS APPROXIMATELY SEK 104 MILLION AND THE ACQUISITION IS INITIALLY FINANCED THROUGH OWN CASH
* CATENA WILL TAKE POSSESSION OF AND PEAB SHAREHOLDING OF THE COMPANIES AND PROPERTIES WILL CEASE ON MARCH 30, 2017
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON Major central banks need to plan ahead and work more closely together to ensure the world's bank funding markets do not freeze up again in future financial crises, the Bank for International Settlements said on Thursday.
A new report from the BIS, known as the central bank for the world's central banks, identified eight areas it believed needed attention to help reduce market turmoil, with six of them focussing on closer co-operation and communication.
The first was that central banks needed to decide which of them was responsible for banks with operations in multiple countries. Others ranged from information sharing, collateral and currency issues, to how early to disclose the provision of support to a lender.
"The key message throughout the report is that we need to prepare in calm times to be able to provide liquidity assistance effectively in times of stress," said the U.S. Federal Reserve's William Dudley, who chaired the BIS working group on the topic.
One of the complications of providing banks with billions of dollars or euros worth of funding, as the Fed, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan and others all did during the financial crisis, is that the money can then flow almost anywhere.
"The general lesson that emerges from the review of recent central bank experiences is the need to be prepared for new situations where liquidity assistance might be required," the BIS report said.
"In particular, central banks need to consider how the interaction of national liquidity assistance frameworks might affect the cross-border coordination and provision of liquidity assistance."
For full report click www.bis.org/publ/cgfs58.htm
(Reporting by Marc Jones; Editing by Catherine Evans)
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 South Africa's finance minister Pravin Gordhan said on Wednesday he will "open a new chapter" of his life if speculation that President Jacob Zuma is set to sack him proves correct.
Speaking after the funeral of anti-apartheid icon Ahmed Kathrada, Gordhan told eNCA television: "You deal with it in a professional way ... and if one is told one's services are not required any longer, that's the end of one chapter, and we open a new chapter." (Reporting by James Macharia; Editing by Catherine Evans)
(Adds quotes, analyst, share price)
April 6 Danish food ingredients maker Chr. Hansen posted weaker-than-expected second quarter results on Thursday, sending its shares as much as 5 percent lower and making it the second-worst performer in the FTSEurofirst 300 index.
* The company, which makes enzymes and bacteria for dairy, wine and meat production, maintained its full-year guidance for organic revenue growth of 8-10 percent even though some analysts had expected it to raise the forecast.
* Chr. Hansen has seen prices on basic materials falling in its colour business, impacting its sales prices, Chief Financial Officer Soren Westh Lonning told Reuters in a telephone interview.
* "We have experienced incredibly high growth on the Chinese market, but we expect a slower rate in the future. So we see a revenue growth of 8-10 percent as the best guidance," Lonning said.
* The company saw growth of 13 percent in the Health and Nutrition sector in the second quarter mainly due to some large U.S. projects, he said.
* "In the United States there is a large focus on finding natural solutions to reduce the use of antibiotics on poultry, and we have been lucky to win a share of this market," he said.
* Jyske Bank said it expected a guidance upgrade later this year as it still believes the current guidance is somewhat conservative following a strong first half-year (H1) with 10 percent organic growth.
* Sales of bioprotective cultures grew 25 percent in H1 year/year, and there is a huge market for keeping foods fresh for longer, the CFO said, adding that Danish dairy maker Arla had expressed interest in the products.
* Second-quarter revenue rose 13 percent to 259.4 million euros, slightly below the 260 million euros expected by analysts polled by Reuters.
* Second-quarter EBIT before special items rose 10 percent to 70.1 million euros, which was 4 percent below Reuters poll expectations.
* For the 2016/17 financial year Chr. Hansen still expects the EBIT margin to increase slightly compared to the year before and forecasts a free cash flow before acquisitions, divestments and special items of around 175 million euros.
* The share price fell as much as 5.1 percent in early trade, and was down 2.1 percent at 444.3 crowns at 0955 GMT. Source text for Eikon: Link to Reuters POLL: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Julie Astrid Thomsen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
March 31 Zhejiang Firstar Panel Technology Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to boost capital of 10 million yuan in a Beijing-based technology firm, raising stake in it to 10 percent from 0 percent
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Q0xVMc
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Hicl Infrastructure Company Ltd:
* Has reached agreement to acquire a 36.6% equity interest in various entities that comprise affinity water group
* HICL's share of consideration for acquisition amounts to approximately gbp269 million
* Investment will be funded using hicl's cash resources and drawings from its revolving credit facility
* HICL will have a net funding requirement of around £230m following completion of acquisition Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Corrects paragraph 2 to "wife, a son and a daughter" instead of "wife and sons")
* Fillon dogged by questions over jobs scandal
* The Latest poll shows Le Pen one point ahead in first round
* Macron says rivals should focus on Le Pen
By Adrian Croft
PARIS, April 3 French presidential candidate Francois Fillon, an outsider to win after involvement in financial scandal, said on Monday he would order a parliamentary inquiry into allegations President Francois Hollande interfered in the justice system, if elected.
Once the frontrunner, the conservative former prime minister's poll ratings have slumped since allegations surfaced that he paid his wife, a son and a daughter hundreds of thousands of euros of public money for minimal work.
Although some polls show his support recovering slightly with less than three weeks to the April 23 first round, he is well behind far-right leader Marine Le Pen and independent centrist Emmanuel Macron, who are tipped to go through to a May 7 run-off.
Fillon, 63, who is being investigated by magistrates over the jobs allegations and over a gift of expensive suits, insisted on his innocence.
"If I had the slightest doubt about my guilt I wouldn't be a candidate in the presidential election," he told BFM TV.
He said he was the victim of "manipulation" and believed his case was being closely followed "by the highest authorities".
He drew back from previous allegations that Hollande, a Socialist president who is not standing for a second term, had personally led a smear campaign against him. He said he could not prove this.
He said however that prosecutors should open an inquiry into allegations made in a book by two journalists from the satirical weekly Le Canard Enchaine that Hollande had had judicial wiretaps that interested him sent to his office.
"Prosecutors should take up this case. If they don't do so and if I am elected president, there will be a parliamentary commission of inquiry," Fillon said.
Hollande's office has rejected Fillon's accusations and denied interference in the justice system.
Fillon said that, given the investigations against him, there was "every chance" his own phone was tapped.
Fillon also said that Francois Baroin, a former finance minister, would be a "very good choice" for prime minister if he won election to the Elysee.
Investors are concerned the wave of frustration with political elites behind Britain's vote to leave the European Union and the election of Donald Trump in the United States could sweep Le Pen into power in France.
The National Front leader would take France out of the euro and hold a referendum on EU membership.
The latest poll, by Opinionway, showed Le Pen, with 25 percent in the first round, one point ahead of Macron and six points ahead of Fillon.
It showed Macron would easily beat Le Pen in the run-off, but former Prime Minister Manuel Valls said last week he believed Le Pen's potential score was seriously under-rated.
Macron told Le Monde in an interview on Monday that Fillon and Socialist candidate Benoit Hamon were wrong to focus their attacks on him, when Le Pen was the real threat.
"Those who say Marine Le Pen can't win the second round are the same as those who said Trump could never win. We don't know what can happen if she is far ahead in the first round," he said.
(Additional reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Richard Balmforth)
Microfiber Cloths
We are a wholesale manufacturer/distributor of wiping materials such as recycled wiping rags, new wiping rags, microfiber cloths, microfiber mops, and wholesale bath towels for gyms, salons, hotels, and more. We offer free shipping on all orders, as well as bulk discounts. In business for over 100 years in Denver, CO. We are eco friendly and process and recycle over 15 million pounds of textiles per year.
Rebecca Faiola named "Local Vocalist to Watch" debuts at Feinstein's March 15th with her JetBlacq jazz cabaret band presenting "Celebrating Sinatra".
Rebecca and Frank JetBlacq
Contact
Rebecca Faiola
***@bactheatre.org Rebecca Faiola
End
-- Oakland, California – Oakland's own jazz cabaret band "JetBlacq" announces their debut performance at Feinstein's at the Nikko in San Francisco Thursday March 15As part of Feinstein's at Nikko Hotel 5Anniversary celebration, Rebecca Faiola and the JetBlacq band have been selected as a "Local Vocalists" as a must-see at Feinstein's during this year-long celebration. Rebecca and Frank Faiola will share the stage performing the absolute best songs ever performed and recorded by Frank Sinatra. The debut show is Thursday, March 15. Doors open at 6:30 and the show starts at 8:00PM. To purchase tickets online visit: www.feinsteinsatthenikko.com The JetBlacq show will run approximately 75 minutes with no intermission. Bring the entire family for a walk down memory lane with the most amazing and heartfelt songs sung by Rebecca and Frank. Make a night of memories and music with JetBlacq! Come early to enjoy the most amazing sushi in the club before or during the show.JetBlacq is a popular jazz cabaret band performing regularly at The Terrace Room at Lake Merritt in Oakland and Angelica's on Main Street in Redwood City. They are also very popular booking events and fundraisers bringing their theme shows and songs to help make an evening special. What's unique about JetBlacq is their unique and original approach with interesting arrangements presenting fsbdt these treasured songs. Arranger and pianist Brian Cooke, who formerly played for Chet Baker, is a multi-instrumentalist and arranges the JetBlacq charts lending his unique musicianship to each tune. Fred Randolph, who is a well-known San Francisco bay area jazz educator, plays a rousing upright bass on stage. The amazing Jack Dorsey, on drums, has traveled the globe playing with all the best bands. Leading the band are husband and wife team Rebecca and Frank Faiola. Rebecca is a past recipient of a SF Cabaret Gold Award and she has a playfully fun personality with big vocal chops. Rebecca also teaches voice and musical theatre. Her husband Frank Faiola, comes from a Coltrane and Phil Woods jazz background playing alto sax, flute and singing with his Italian father in New York. Frank sings a rousing "Volare" in Italian and brings an international flavor to the band.Rebecca, originally from Dallas Texas, began performing at a very young age. Her talents include clarinet, choir, theater, musical comedy, opera, sketch comedy, acting on stage, in films and singing jazz. She delights in making audiences feel happy, reflective, and intrigued! Watch for her fun costumes too with "schtick" that's hilarious and the joking with her real-life husband is fun too! Rebecca has been involved in the cabaret scene in SF (during the Fanny's days), enjoyed a successful multi-year run atop SF Nob Hill winning the Cabaret Gold Award appearing in "Nashional Anthem" and has performed locally in bands and shows for years. She was the hysterical "Ghost of Christmas Present" for five years in the east bay.Frank, originally from Niagara Falls New York, is a trained instrumentalist and Sinatra-esque singer with his own distinct style and sound! Enjoy his renderings of old favorites and vocal gymnastics as he endeavors to sing those more obscure lyrical tunes. Having performed in bands on both the east and west coasts, Frank brings to the stage his Italian mobster personality but he's much more fun! Frank's talent on alto sax is astounding and soulful!JetBlacq is committed to keeping this sophisticated era of music alive with a style reminiscent of Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme, Louis Prima and Keely Smith. JetBlacq is an elegant and sophisticated band that brings the party when they're in the house with a cool New York city supper club vibe. JetBlacq can also perform popular music as well and does include original and more current popular tunes in their shows as well.For further information, contact Rebecca Faiola JetBlacq:Feinstein's at Hotel NikkoValet parking is available plus on street parking.222 Mason Street, San Francisco, CA 94102866-663-1063
March 31 Baoxin Auto Group Ltd
* FY profit attributable to owners of parent was RMB 417.2 million, representing an increase of 89.6 pct
* FY total revenue was RMB 25,703.7 million representing an increase of 8.1 pct
* FY no final dividend was proposed for 2016 and 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Two people were hurt in a crash at Flamingo Road and Tenaya Way Monday, according to Metro Police.
One vehicle drove into a wall in the area. Two drivers were hospitalized, police said. Alcohol was "thought to be involved."
Police were called to the scene at 1:16 p.m. and investigated whether a third vehicle was involved.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
FRANKFURT May 2 A consortium led by Germany's Allianz has agreed to buy a 90 percent stake in British water utility Affinity Water from Infracapital and Morgan Stanley Infrastructure for 687 million pounds ($884 million), the companies said on Tuesday.
* As part of the transaction, the buyers are also purchasing Veolia Water UK Ltd's 10 percent indirect stake in Affinity, they said
* The transaction is expected to be completed by the end of May
* Affinity Water owns and manages the water assets and network in an area of around 4,500 square kms in the southeast of England. It supplies 1.5 million homes and businesses.
* The buyer consortium comprises Allianz with a 36.6 percent stake, DIF with 26.9 percent and HICL, managed by InfraRed Capital Partners, with 36.6 percent.
* Citi acted as the financial advisor to Infracapital and MSI on the deal, with Clifford Chance LLP acting as legal advisor. ($1 = 0.7769 pounds) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde)
The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) are illuminated with a giant euro sign at the start of the ''Luminale, light and building'' event in Frankfurt, Germany, March 12, 2016. EUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
FRANKFURT Germany's two representatives on the European Central Bank's main policy-making body called on Monday for it to prepare to wind down its aggressive stimulus policy as soon as economic conditions allow it.
The comments by Bundesbank president Jens Weidmann and by Sabine Lautenschlaeger, who represents the ECB's supervisory arm on the bank's executive board, highlight Germany's impatience with the direction the ECB has taken under president Mario Draghi.
They also reveal the rift between themselves and supporters of the ECB's current policy of ultra-low interest rates and massive bond buying, which was defended on Monday separately by the central bank's chief economist Peter Praet and by Belgian central bank governor Jan Smets.
"I would like to see a less expansive stance," Jens Weidmann, who sits on the ECB's Governing Council, said at an event in Dusseldorf.
He and Lautenschlaeger said the ECB should start making plans for an eventual end to its stimulus once the recent, oil-fuelled rise in prices becomes sustainable.
"We should prepare for a change in the policy, and as soon as the data is stable and we have a sustainable path towards our objective of price stability, then we are well prepared to do" that, Lautenschlaeger told CNBC.
An outspoken policy conservative, Lautenschlaeger said that if economic data remain supportive, the ECB could discuss and decide on its next step after June.
But Praet, a key ally of Draghi, argued that the euro zone still needs substantial stimulus as the inflation rise could stall or even reverse if the ECB removed stimulus too early.
"Our conclusion that a very substantial degree of monetary accommodation is still needed for underlying inflation pressures to build up and support headline inflation in the medium term remains valid," Praet added.
The ECB has pledged to buy bonds until the end of the year, keep interest rates at current or even lower levels until well after that and replace any government bonds in its holdings that expire until further notice.
Belgium's central bank governor Jan Smets dismissed any suggestion, floated by Austria's central bank governor and other central bankers, of changing that guidance.
"If other views have been expressed on this issue, they are reflecting a minority position," he told Reuters in an interview.
"Our decision is clear and I would like to stick to that steady hand approach."
The ECB's policy-setting Governing Council next meets on April 27.
(Reporting by Balazs Koranyi and Andreas Framke; Writing by Francesco Canepa; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
A specialized 3D printing machine applies melted chocolate to shape a chocolate beer bottle at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Gaetan Richard, founder of the Miam Factory 3D printing chocolate company, displays three-dimensional Easter-themed shapes after being printed at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Gaetan Richard, founder of the Miam Factory 3D printing chocolate company, displays a chocolate beer bottle after being printed at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
A specialized 3D printing machine applies melted chocolate to shape a chocolate beer bottle at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Gaetan Richard, founder of the Miam Factory 3D printing chocolate company, displays a three-dimensional shape object after being printed at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
A specialized 3D printing machine applies melted chocolate to shape a chocolate beer bottle at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Gaetan Richard poses with the logo of the Miam Factory 3D printing chocolate company after being printed by a specialized 3D machine in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
Gaetan Richard, founder of the Miam Factory 3D printing chocolate company, displays three-dimensional Easter-themed shapes after being printed at Belgian chocolate company Miam Factory in Gembloux, Belgium, April 10, 2017. Picture taken April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir
GEMBLOUX, Belgium Layer by layer, 0.2 millimeters at a time, a specialized printing machine at Belgian chocolate shop Miam Factory applies melted chocolate to shape a three-dimensional object.
Miam Factory - French for "Yum" - was spun off three months ago from nearby University of Liege's Smart Gastronomy Lab, which researches technology in the food and beverages sector, and operates four specialized 3D printers.
The company produces 3D-printed chocolate objects and also engraves chocolates and macaroons with messages or logos for clients, such as nearby brewery Bertinchamps.
The brewery wanted a unique prize for the winners of an Easter egg hunt and ordered chocolate beer bottles.
The chocolate is ready to eat straight after printing, which can take from 10 minutes to three hours. The bottles for the Bertinchamps Brewery took just under three hours and used up 24.6 meters of chocolate.
The company gets orders from hotels, businesses and individual customers. Prices range greatly depending on what kind of size, shape and chocolate is required.
While dark chocolate is most popular, milk and white chocolate are also available.
(Editing by Hugh Lawson)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
FILE PHOTO - Inmates Bruce Ward(top row L to R), Don Davis, Ledell Lee, Stacy Johnson, Jack Jones (bottom row L to R), Marcel Williams, Kenneth Williams and Jason Mcgehee are shown in these booking photo provided March 21, 2017. Courtesy Arkansas Department of... REUTERS
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. A surgeon told a federal court in Arkansas on Wednesday that a sedative the state plans to use in its lethal injection mix is not suitable for surgery and should be prohibited when Arkansas holds an unprecedented series of executions later this month.
Arkansas plans to kill eight prisoners in dual executions over 11 days from April 17, although a federal judge has halted one execution. Death penalty opponents have said the rushed schedule is reckless and increases the chance of errors.
The European Union on Wednesday called on Arkansas to commute the death sentences.
The convicted murderers scheduled to die have asked U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker in Little Rock to halt their executions, saying the state's rush to the death chamber was unconstitutional. Baker set a Thursday deadline for evidence.
Lawyers for Arkansas, which has not had an execution in 12 years, have told the court that the drug in question, midazolam, has been used in executions in other states and its lethal injection protocols pass constitutional muster.
Jonathan Groner, a professor at Ohio State University's medical school and a specialist in pediatrics and trauma, testified that he has never used midazolam as the primary anesthetic in thousands of operations he has performed.
"It would be malpractice for me to do an appendectomy using midazolam as an anesthetic," he said. He was a witness for the inmates and on cross-examination said he was a death penalty opponent.
When the number of executions was rising in the late 1990s, several states held double and even triple executions on the same day, including Arkansas.
At that time, a powerful sedative was part of the mix but since then, major pharmaceutical companies have banned sales to states for executions. This caused a scramble for new mixes, including combinations with midazolam, which has been used in flawed executions in states including Oklahoma and Arizona where witnesses said inmates writhed in pain on death chamber gurneys.
Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson, a Republican, set the schedule, saying the state's midazolam supply expires at the end of April and it was in the interest of justice to hold as many executions as possible while Arkansas has the difficult-to-obtain drug.
Separately, Ohio has asked the entire U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit to re-consider a decision last week from a three-judge panel from that court blocking the state's lethal injection process, the attorney general's office said.
(Additional reporting by Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels and Kim Palkmer in Cleveland; Writing by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Matthew Lewis, Toni Reinhold)
BANGKOK, March 31 Malayan sun bears have been enjoying popsicles and cold yoghurt in a Thailand zoo that has been feeding its animals frozen treats and spraying them down with water to keep them cool in the summer heat.
With temperatures soaring to highs of 42 Celsius (107.6 Fahrenheit), keepers at Dusit Zoo have been working to prevent animals becoming distressed, hosing down elephants and feeding chimpanzees sweet, cold treats made from fruits and syrup.
"These animals can be stressed out (if the weather is too hot)," said zookeeper Sompong Sawatnam.
"They will walk around shaking their heads. Each day, we have different kinds of popsicles made by nutritionists, which will help cool them down."
The zoo has also set up sprinklers and increased the amount of shade available for animals, while Thailand's Public Health Ministry has warned people to keep hydrated and remain inside to avoid heat stroke.
(Reporting by Reuters Television, Writing by Karishma Singh; Editing by Toby Davis)
INTERVIEW-Banks could be obliged to set Libor rates
* Alternatives to Libor to be found for some contracts
BRASILIA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazil on Friday froze 8 billion reais ($2.5 billion) worth of government expenses for this year under a revised budget to account for potential delays in a plan to privatize power utility Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras SA .
Policymakers expect to raise 12.2 billion reais with the privatization of Eletrobras, as the power utility is known. The revised budget forecasts a 2018 primary deficit of 154.8 billion reais before interest rate payments, below the deficit target of 159 billion reais, Planning Minister Dyogo Oliveira said in a news conference.
A local resident uses a support device to walk through floodwaters in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
A local resident watches as floodwaters enter the main street of the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Local residents wade through floodwaters near their homes in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Local resident Lennon Bartlett paddles a rowboat through floodwaters in the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Local resident Lennon Bartlett guides his rowboat through a submerged McDonald's restaurant after floodwaters entered the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
Local residents walk past a damaged car as floodwaters enter the main street of the northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
A supplied image shows three vehicles stranded on a highway flooded after Cyclone Debbie passed through the region near the township of Gunyarra, located south of the town of Bowen in Queensland, Australia, March 30, 2017. Australia Defence Force/Handout via REUTERS
A local resident watches as floodwaters enter the main street of northern New South Wales town of Lismore, Australia, March 31, 2017 after heavy rains associated with Cyclone Debbie swelled rivers to record heights across the region. AAP/Dave Hunt/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Flooding rivers swamped towns along Australia's east coast on Friday forcing tens of thousands of people to be evacuated as fast-flowing waters cut roads and destroyed bridges after the remnants of a powerful cyclone swept through the region.
The disaster zone from ex-Cyclone Debbie stretched 1,000 kms (612 miles) from Queensland state's tropical resort islands and Gold Coast tourist strip to the farmlands of New South Wales state, with more than 100,00 homes reportedly without power.
Six large rivers had hit major flood levels and were still rising, said the Bureau of Meteorology.
Flood sirens sounded before dawn at Lismore when the Wilsons River surged over the town's levee. By daybreak the center of the town of 25,000 people in the Northern Rivers region of NSW was underwater. Throughout the day several towns suffered the same fate and were submerged under floodwaters.
Stranded residents climbed onto roofs of flooded homes to await rescuing, but fast-moving water and high winds hindered emergency crews reaching some people. Farmers moved livestock to higher ground, while others sandbagged property, desperately trying to stop floodwaters.
NSW police said they had recovered the body of a woman from floodwaters on Friday, the first reported death since Cyclone Debbie hit on Tuesday. Authorities had feared that people may have died overnight as floodwaters rose swiftly in the dark.
"We've seen a lot of flood rescues here this morning," Lismore State Emergency Service Deputy Controller Amanda Vidler said while floodwaters lapped her feet in the hard-hit town. She told Reuters of one rescue where she plucked a man from rushing water on the town's main street.
"We put him in an inflatable and we got him out of there...yeah, we all got wet," she said.
Cyclone Debbie, a category four storm, one short of the most powerful level five, pounded Queensland state on Tuesday, smashing tourist resorts, bringing down power lines and shutting down coal mines, has become a huge rain depression.
Debbie will hit Australia's A$1.7 trillion ($1.3 trillion) economy, with economists estimating it will slow growth to under 2 percent in the first quarter.
In the Bowen Basin, the world's single largest source of coal used to make steel, Glencore (GLEN.L) said its mines were not damaged by the storm but restarting production depended on railways reopening.
Rail operator Aurizon (AZJ.AX) reopened one of its four railway lines and three were still closed. BHP (BHP.AX), (BLT.L) was still assessing the extent of any disruption to shipments.
Queensland's top insurers, Suncorp Group Ltd (SUN.AX) and RACQ, said it was too early to put a dollar figure on the damage.
Lismore mayor Isaac Smith said it was the worst flood in at least three decades.
"When I was a young fellow I have seen a couple of these but I don't quite remember them like this," he said.
Since Wednesday night, the NSW State Emergency Service has fielded 1,400 calls, made 300 flood rescues and given more than 20,000 people immediate evacuation orders.
"There's not a lot we can do about it, you can't change mother nature's mind, you just do your thing, wait till it goes down and clean it up," said Lennon Bartlett as he paddled his dad's rowboat down a street in Lismore.
(Reporting by Tom Westbrook and Colin Packham; Editing by Sandra Maler and Michael Perry)
* April-June premium the highest in 2 years
* Local spot premiums rise, reflect higher overseas premiums
* Producers' initial proposals were at $135/T (Adds comments and details)
By Yuka Obayashi
TOKYO, March 29 Japan's aluminium premium for shipments during the April to June quarter has been set at $128 per tonne, up about a third from the quarter before due to higher overseas prices, five sources directly involved in the pricing talks said on Wednesday.
Japan is Asia's biggest importer of aluminium and the premiums, which consumers pay to producers on top of the London Metal Exchange cash price for primary metal shipments, set the benchmark for the region.
The new premium is 35 percent higher than the $95 per tonne premium PREM-ALUM-JP in the previous quarter and is the second quarterly increase in a row and the highest in two years.
"We've signed the deals at $128 a tonne with all of the producers whom we've talked to," a source at an end-user said. He declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the talks.
A source at a producer said all of his company's customers had agreed to contracts at $128 a tonne this week.
The quarterly pricing negotiations began last month between Japanese buyers and global producers, including Rio Tinto ,, South32 and Alcoa Corp, with offers at $135 a tonne.
The increase comes after U.S. and European spot premiums have risen by about $20 to $50 per tonne over the past few months amid output disruption at Alcoa's Portland smelter and a production cut at Rio's Boyne smelter in Australia where costs of power have been rising.
Buyers were initially seeking premiums between $110-115 a tonne, but compromised after local spot premiums climbed $10-20 a tonne in the past month, a source at a trading house said.
"Local premiums rose during the talks after producers have changed destination of some shipments to the U.S. where the spot premiums were higher than Asia," he said.
Producers were also forced to trim their offers as buyers were not feeling supply tightness that much, buyer sources said.
Aluminium stocks at three major Japanese ports rose 3.3 percent to 282,000 tonnes in February from the previous month, according to trading house Marubeni.
"Still, overall demand for aluminium is pretty healthy here, backed by wider use of the metal in automobiles," Akio Hamaji, chairman of the Japan Aluminium Association, told a news conference on Wednesday.
The association said the country's demand for aluminium products rose 1.7 percent in the financial year ending this month and would increase 0.7 percent next year to 4.156 million tonnes. (Reporting by Yuka Obayashi; Editing by Christian Schmollinger and Mark Potter)
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Norwegian salmon farming firm Nordlaks is proposing a design for a 400-metre long fish farm, as in this illustration, that would be able to withstand exposed seas, away from coastal areas where fish suffer from marine lice. Illustration by Nordlaks/Handout via REUTERS
OSLO Atlantic salmon farming companies are designing huge pens to raise fish in the open seas in a radical shift from calm coastal waters where marine lice have slowed growth of the billion-dollar industry.
The drive for new designs by Norway, producer of 54 percent of all farmed Atlantic salmon in 2016, will have to cope with ocean storms that can rip cages and free thousands of fish. Escapees disrupt natural stocks by breeding with wild cousins.
"The industry has to develop and to solve the environmental challenges it has, especially linked to salmon lice," Norwegian Fisheries Minister Per Sandberg told Reuters, referring to parasites that often spread infections resistant to antibiotics.
One in five salmon farmed in Norway dies before reaching maturity, partly due to tiny blood-sucking lice that latch onto the outside of the pink fish.
Lice, also a problem in other countries, tend to concentrate in the more stagnant waters of Norway's bays and fjords where farms are now based. A shift offshore would expose farms to ocean currents that should help to sweep away the lice larvae.
The Norwegian Directorate of Fisheries is seeking innovative fish farm designs, both for offshore and coastal waters, in a two-year drive open until November 2017. So far it has approved a handful and is reviewing about 40 others.
Many borrow ideas from the offshore oil and gas industry.
The lure of offshore pens is that they would open almost unlimited areas for fish farms beyond bays and fjords, attracting investors and transforming the global aquaculture industry.
Norway produced 1.1 million tonnes of salmon in 2016, more than double the output of number two producer Chile, and earned $7.6 billion in exports. Smaller producers include Britain, the Faroe Islands and Canada.
But Norway's production, by companies including Marine Harvest, SalMar and Leroy Seafood, has been little changed since 2012 due to lack of space and disease, even as rising demand has pushed prices to record highs.
STORM RISKS
"We'll take the project that works best, has no salmon lice, the lowest cost, no escapes and is industrial," Marine Harvest's chief executive officer Alf-Helge Aarskog told Reuters of a range of designs the company has proposed.
Nets in coastal farms sometimes tear in storms, harming wild stocks from Scotland's Spey River to Norway's Alta River, and offshore farms will be exposed to far stronger winds and waves.
Last year, 126,000 salmon broke out of Norwegian farms.
"Escaped fish mix with the wild salmon - that creates problems with genetics," said Ingrid Lomelde, of the WWF Norway conservation group.
Farmed fish are bred to grow fast and fatter than their sleek wild cousins. Interbreeding could produce fish too weak, for example, to leap up waterfalls to reach spawning grounds.
Among approved designs, SalMar is building what it calls the "world's first offshore fish farm" to start in late 2017 - a floating circular construction 110 meters (360 ft) across that looks like a drilling rig, apart from huge nets dangling below.
The 700 million Norwegian crown ($82 million) yellow and white steel construction is being built at a Chinese yard, and will be big enough to raise more than a million salmon.
"We're starting to install the anchoring systems," off the coast of mid-Norway, chief financial officer Trond Tuvstein said. "No one wants escapes," he said.
In Chile, Felipe Sandoval, head of industry group SalmonChile, said the government wanted more research into farming in more exposed and offshore areas. "We will have to wait a bit to see how this takes off," he said.
Most approved designs in Norway are still on the drawing board, such as a sealed 44-metre (144.36 ft) tall egg-shaped tank by Marine Harvest where the fish swim inside in seawater filtered to keep out lice, or a 400-metre long farm by Nordlaks shaped like a supertanker.
EGG
Marine Harvest hopes to start building an "Egg" prototype in mid-2017, CEO Aarskog said. The sealed design would be suited for calm waters in fjords and is favored by environmentalists and river owners as a way of isolating any disease.
If successful, "the technologies will allow aquaculture in more exposed areas globally" including for other types of farmed fish such as sea bass or bream, said Tore Toenseth, an analyst at SpareBank 1 Markets in Oslo.
Huge new cages able to withstand storms could be used anywhere, from Japan to the United States, he said.
But river owners say not enough is done to protect wild stocks by the expansion of farming.
"It's a very vulnerable system," said Erik Sterud, of the river owners' association Norske Lakseelver, who estimates there are now just 500,000 wild salmon off Norway against half a billion farmed fish.
Companies are willing to invest hundreds of millions of crowns in the new technologies partly because Norway will award licenses to operate the new fish farms, almost for free.
($1 = 8.5365 Norwegian crowns)
(With extra reporting by Gram Slattery in Santiago; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
April 5 Contagious Gaming Inc
* Contagious Gaming announces restructuring of its European operations
* Contagious Gaming Inc - restructuring consists of execution of a settlement and service agreement between Digitote Limited and Company
* Contagious Gaming Inc - restructuring eliminates company's contingent consideration liability of approximately $2.11 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Relatives of victims react to coffins arriving to the Coptic church that was bombed on Sunday in Tanta, Egypt, April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Mohamed Abd El Ghany
CAIRO Egypt's interior ministry on Thursday identified the suicide bomber in the church bombing in the city of Tanta as Mamdouh Amin Mohamed Baghdadi, a resident of Qena, south of Cairo.
At least 45 people, as well as the bombers, were killed in attacks on a cathedral in Alexandria and the church in Tanta in the Nile Delta on Palm Sunday, April 9. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attacks.
A ministry statement said Baghdadi was born in 1977 and was one of 19 suspected militants believed to belong to a cell behind a December suicide bombing of Cairo's main Coptic cathedral, another attack claimed by Islamic State.
The statement said the authorities had arrested 3 of the 19 suspected militants in the cell.
Egypt's government imposed a three-month state of emergency in the wake of the Palm Sunday attacks.
Religious minorities are increasingly targeted by Sunni Islamist militants, posing a challenge to President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who has pledged to protect them as part of his campaign against extremism.
Islamic State has waged a low-level war against soldiers and police in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula for years but it is increasingly targeting Christians and broadening its reach into Egypt's mainland.
(Reporting by Ali Abdelatti; writing by Asma Alsharif; editing by Andrew Roche)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
METALS-London copper slips to 1-wk low after US rate rise
(Adds detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, June 15 London copper dipped to its lowest in a week on Thursday after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates for the second time this year, boosting financing costs for industry. Amid a mixed economic outlook in the United States and slowing industrial activity in China exacerbated by the end of financial quarter, metals could come under further selling pressure, broker Kingdom Futures said in a report. "Toda
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
April 20 Pescanova SA:
* Said on Wednesday that the general meeting of Nueva Pescanova SL approved share capital increase of 135.4 million euros ($145.2 million) via offsetting of credits
* As a result, the stake of Pescanova in Nueva Pescanova is reduced to about 1.6 percent from 20 percent
* Pescanova, where the company's former shareholders are included, objected to the approved capital increase
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 28Guangdong Taiantang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 30 percent to 40 percent, or to be 49.7 million yuan to 53.5 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 38.2 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is steady improvement of main business
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/MerFmr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 15 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
April 7 Brookfield Prime Property Fund
* Brookfield prime property fund - proposal from Brookfield to acquire units in fund
* Brookfield prime property fund - offer price under proposal is $8.89 per unit
* Brookfield prime property fund - brookfield capital management entered into an implementation deed with brookfield
* Brookfield prime property fund - implementation deed realted to proposal to implement trust scheme to acquire units in fund not currently owned by brookfield Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Seventeen years after it was originally launched, the Nokia 3310 is reportedly set to make a comeback.
HMD Oy Global, a Finnish manufacturer with the exclusive rights to market the Nokia brand, has announced that a revamped version of the classic phone will be released at the end of February.
The original version was retired in 2005, at which point, according to Nokia, it had sold 126 million units, making it the the world's best-selling phone.
According to reports, the phone will initially be available only to European and North American consumers and will cost €59, significantly less than its original price in 2000.
Impressive battery life
There have been no further details about how close the new version will be to the original, which gained a cult following due to its impressively long battery life, indestructibility and the addictive game Snake II.
The announcement of the release has had a mixed reception, with some commentators suggesting the past is best left alone.
Others have welcomed the news with enthusiasm.
And some have no need for a new version because theirs still works.
– (Guardian service)
LIMA, April 28 Workers at a zinc smelter in Peru operated by a unit of Brazil's Votorantim Participacoes SA called off a strike planned for next week after the company agreed to settle most of their demands, a union leader said on Friday.
The 350-member union earlier this week had announced the planned work stoppage at the Cajamarquilla plant over demands for better pay and working conditions. It was set to begin on May 6 and would have been the union's first strike in 16 years.
"The company called us for a dialogue and agreed to solve most of our claims, therefore the strike is suspended," union leader Daniel Trejo told Reuters by telephone.
A representative of Votorantim Metais confirmed the suspension of the strike by email.
The plant, located 12 miles (20 km) east of Lima, last year refined some 340,000 tonnes of zinc.
Votorantim Metais also operates the Peruvian copper and zinc producer Milpo which operates the Cerro Lindo mine, located south of Lima. (Reporting by Teresa Cespedes; Writing by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Tom Brown)
LOS ANGELES, Spice Girl Melanie 'Mel B' Brown was granted a restraining order against her estranged husband after filing court papers claiming he had emotionally and physically abused her for much of their 10-year marriage.
The British singer, 41, said her husband, TV producer Stephen Belafonte, had beaten her and destroyed her self esteem, threatening to leak a sex tape to the media if she left him, according to court documents filed in Los Angeles Superior Court to support her request for a restraining order.
The request was granted on Monday and a full hearing was scheduled on April 24.
Representatives for Brown did not immediately return requests for comment on Tuesday.
Attempts by Reuters to reach Belafonte by telephone were unsuccessful and no lawyer or representative for Belafonte was listed in the court documents.
Brown, known as "Scary Spice" in the 1990s British girl group, filed for divorce last month in Los Angeles citing irreconcilable differences.
The couple married in 2007 and have a five year-old daughter. Brown has two other children from previous relationships.
Belafonte told celebrity website TMZ in an interview on Monday, "I am shocked at those allegations... I think someone is trying to set me up to look like a bad guy."
In the court documents, Brown detailed incidents dating back to 2007, when she claimed Belafonte slammed her onto the floor and began choking her on the night of her finale for the TV show "Dancing with the Stars."
In 2012, she said a jealous Belafonte punched her in the face and split her lip as she was about to tape a segment with R&B singer Usher for the TV show "The X Factor," according to the court documents.
The singer included photographs of herself in the filing, including a couple from her appearance on "The X Factor" with bruises on her arms and face.
Brown said in the documents that she tried to leave Belafonte many times but he "threatened me with violence and threatened to destroy my life in every possible way ... destroy my career and take my kids from me."
(The story was refiled to fix a typographical error in the second paragraph)
(Reporting by Piya Sinha-Roy; editing by Diane Craft)
March 30 1-page Ltd:
* Involved in negotiations with management for a proposed management buyout of U.S. subsidiary
* Proposal was withdrawn and negotiations have ceased
* Company expects to continue to remain in suspension until June 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 Mandarin Oriental International Ltd :
* Earnings for q1 2017 under review were lower than in 2016, because of partial closure of London hotel for renovation
* Going forward, co's results will continue to be affected by renovation in London, which is scheduled to complete in Q2 of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Manchester City will make "necessary" changes to the squad when the transfer window opens in July and it is up to the players to prove the club cannot do without them, manager Pep Guardiola has said.
"Every club wants to improve and the changes are necessary but we are going to discuss it at the end of the season," the former Barcelona and Bayern Munich manager told British media.
"The players decide for themselves through their performances."
Third-placed City travel to face leaders Chelsea in the Premier League on Wednesday.
Chelsea saw their lead over Tottenham Hotspur trimmed to seven points after a stunning 2-1 home defeat to Crystal Palace at the weekend and City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne said nerves could creep in at Stamford Bridge should City emerge with a win.
City trail Chelsea by 11 points.
"There are still a lot of points ahead but if they lose and Tottenham win then maybe they have a little bit of pressure that they haven't had throughout the whole season until now," De Bruyne said.
"You don't want the pressure that you've not had all season."
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Peter Rutherford)
* Says unable to contact finance executive
* Denies media reports that funds were misappropriated
* Most controlling shareholder's shares pledged as collateral
* Statement follows 85 pct stock price plunges on Friday (Recasts and adds details about scale of the firm)
By Adam Jourdan and Elzio Barreto
SHANGHAI/HONG KONG, March 28 China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd, which saw $4 billion wiped off its shares in a single day last week, said on Tuesday it had missed loan repayments and lost contact with a key executive in charge of its finances and cash.
The country's largest integrated dairy firm denied reports of fraudulent invoices and stolen cash, but laid out the depth of its unfolding crisis in a lengthy statement, including that almost all of the shares owned by its controlling shareholder had been pledged as collateral.
Huishan, founded in 2009, grabbed headlines last year when it sold and leased back part of its herd, but its most recent troubles have laid bare risks of excess leverage and financial engineering in unexpected quarters of corporate China.
Huishan has been on the backfoot since a December attack by U.S.-based short-seller Muddy Waters. But it was months after that, on Friday, that its shares crumbled 85 percent, and rumours swirled.
After finding it had been "late in some bank payments", Huishan's Chairman Yang Kai asked the regional Liaoning government for support and met with 23 creditor banks last week to ask for loans to be rolled over.
While creditors had shown support then, the sudden share drop had raised concerns they may no longer back Huishan.
"Given the significant decrease in share price of the Company and the recent media reports, there is no assurance that such banks' (supportive) views would remain unchanged," it said.
Huishan's controlling shareholder Champ Harvest, which owns 70.8 percent of its stock and is majority held by Yang, has pledged nearly all of the shares to secure loans.
These include a HK$2.14 billion ($275 million) loan with Ping An Bank last year backed by 3.4 billion Huishan Dairy shares while a further 6 billion shares were used to secure loans and margin financing for Champ Harvest and other firms controlled by Yang.
Ping An declined to immediately comment.
"Anybody holding those shares as collateral will be concerned given the drop in share price because it has a direct impact on the loan recoverability if the underlying business is not sound," said Ted Osborn, a Hong Kong-based partner at PwC who specialises in debt recovery.
ACTION PLAN
Its current woes are a long way from the fanfare of its $1.3 billion IPO in 2013 when Huishan sold itself as China's largest 'grass-to-glass' dairy firm, producing the alfafa that the cows eat all the way to the milk - a structure touted to offer better control over quality.
The company operates 82 farms in Liaoning province but is much smaller than rivals such as China Mengniu Dairy, generating less than a tenth of the revenue.
Huishan said the Liaoning government had proposed an action plan to solve any overdue interest payments within two weeks and to help bolster the group's liquidity within a month amid an increasingly challenging environment.
The company also said it had not been able to reach one of its executive directors in charge of the firm's finances and cash since March 21, when she indicated work stress and said she would take a leave of absence and did not wish to be contacted.
The executive, Ge Kun, had overseen the group's treasury and cash operations and had managed its relationships with the company's main bankers.
The firm refuted media reports that Bank of China had conducted an audit of the firm and found a large number of forged invoices and that the firm's controlling shareholder had misappropriated up to 3 billion yuan.
A Shanghai-based spokesman for Bank of China said he was unable to immediately comment on the matter.
In December, short-seller Muddy Waters questioned Huishan's profits and said it had inflated spending on its cattle farms to artificially raise capital expenditure figures.
Huishan's shares, halted since March 24, will continue to be suspended until the board can get more clarity on the firm's financial position.
($1 = 7.7677 Hong Kong dollars)
(Reporting by Donny Kwok and Elzio Barreto in HONG KONG and Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI; Additional reporting by Umesh Desai; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Edwina Gibbs)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
* Fiscal discipline in focus after reshuffle
* Home affairs head appointed new finmin
* Zuma fires Gordhan as finance minister
By Olivia Kumwenda-Mtambo
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 New South African Finance Minister Malusi Gigaba got a sceptical welcome on financial markets on Friday, with fears growing that budget discipline will falter despite a risk that the country's credit rating will be downgraded to "junk" status.
Economists and political analysts questioned the credentials of Gigaba, until now the home affairs minister, to replace Pravin Gordhan who built a strong reputation for fiscal prudence on markets but was sacked overnight by President Jacob Zuma.
Some gave Gigaba, a 45-year-old former African National Congress (ANC) youth league leader, the benefit of the doubt - up to a point.
"Gigaba is not necessarily the worst choice for the position, having a fair amount of policymaking experience – though very little within the fiscal space," BNP Paribas Securities South Africa economist Jeffrey Schultz said.
But others did not. "His performance at Home Affairs offers no promise that he will be able to handle the Treasury. There is nothing there to suggest he can do that," said Gary van Staden, a political analyst at NKC Oxford African Economics.
South African assets tumbled after Zuma fired Gordhan, threatening to split the ANC that has governed since the end of apartheid. The rand dropped as much as 2.4 percent in a fifth straight session of losses before regaining some ground against the dollar to trade down 0.7 percent.
Credit ratings agencies have warned the government against a shift to populist policies to please the electorate after the ANC lost significant ground in local elections.
S&P and Fitch both rate South African debt one level above junk status, and Moody's two notches above.
"We believe fiscal consolidation is likely to become less of a priority and the move to improve transparency and governance of state-owned enterprises will be halted," ratings agency Fitch said on Friday.
Some pundits say Gordhan was under pressure by a faction allied to Zuma, which has criticised his plans to rein in government spending as the economy stagnates and have attacked his running of the tax agency and state-owned firms.
Some of Zuma's allies had said Gordhan's importance was over-exaggerated and his close relationship with investors and ratings agencies showed he was not focused on helping to transform the economy and the position of the black majority.
But Daniel Silke, director of Political Futures Consultancy, said Gigaba had to tackle the ratings issue rapidly. "He's got a very tough job trying to reassure those agencies almost immediately," he said.
BIG SHOES TO FILL
Under Gordhan, South Africa scored some credit rating positives, including an announcement that costly nuclear power expansion plans are being slowed and the introduction of a minimum wage aimed at avoiding economically damaging strikes.
"There are big shoes to fill at the Treasury," Standard Chartered Bank's Chief Africa Economist Razia Khan said. "But it's the concern that the (ministerial) changes were made to allow a relaxation of that very fiscal restraint that the Treasury was known for, that will now weigh more heavily. For investors, this signals much uncertainty ahead."
Gigaba's unexpected appointment makes him the fourth minister to lead the Treasury in just under two years as South Africa grapples with low growth and high unemployment. He will hold his first press conference on Saturday.
While Gigaba lacks an economics background, he is not a novice when it comes to policymaking. One of the youngest ministers in Zuma's cabinet, he was public enterprises minister between 2009-2014, with oversight of state-owned firms.
At the Home Affairs department, Gigaba launched a drive against corruption, arresting tens of officials in his department.
He provoked a storm after overseeing the introduction of strict visa rules that hit tourist numbers before the cabinet ordered a review to resolve the impasse. He also introduced changes that intensified company inspections to make sure businesses comply with the requirement to employ a minimum of 60 percent South African citizens.
Gigaba is known for his colourful outfits and frequent posts on social media, leading the radical leftist Economic Freedom Fighters, led by Julius Malema, to call him South Africa's "Minister of Instagram" last year.
One of the most eloquent speakers within the ruling party, Gigaba has a Masters degree in Social Policy, majoring in Urban Affairs and Policy. He will stand at the centre of Zuma's pledge "to bring about radical socioeconomic transformation", including land redistribution and creating jobs for black people.
The ANC suffered its biggest political blow since the end of apartheid during local elections held in August, losing control in three cities as voters vented anger at corruption, high unemployment and poor public services.
The party is criticised about inequality in a country where blacks make up about 80 percent of the population of 54 million, but ownership of land and companies remains mostly in the hands of whites, who account for about 8 percent of the population. (Additional reporting by Tanisha Heiberg and Ed Stoddard; Editing by James Macharia)
BRUSSELS, April 5 EU antitrust regulators approved on Wednesday ChemChina's $43 billion bid for Swiss pesticides and seeds group Syngenta after the Chinese company agreed to sell assets to address competition concerns
The deal, the largest foreign acquisition by a Chinese company, will help China boost its potential food output. Reuters reported on Feb. 2 that the deal would be cleared with conditions.
The European Commission said the asset sales addressed competition concerns.
"It is important for European farmers and ultimately consumers that there will be effective competition in pesticide markets, also after ChemChina's acquisition of Syngenta," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said in a statement. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
TOKYO, April 12 Toyota Motor Corp said it will commercialise rehabilitation robots later this year when it makes its robotic walk assist system available for rent, joining Honda Motor Co in marketing mobility devices for Japan's ageing population.
A decade after it began developing rehabilitation robots, the world's No.2 automaker on Wednesday said the system would be ready to hit the market by the end of 2017, two years after Honda launched a similar device.
Hospitals and other care providers would be able to rent the system, designed for patients with lower limb paralysis, for 350,000 yen ($3,196.93) per month plus an initial fee of 1 million yen.
"The (system) will help to provide assistance to the elderly by enabling them to live more independent lives and to also provide support for their care-givers," Toyota said in a statement.
Japan is greying faster than the rest of the world, with the number of people aged 65 or older accounting for 26.7 percent of the population in 2015, dwarfing the global average of about 8.5 percent.
Demand for aged-care services has boomed as the shrinking working population means that fewer able-bodied adults are available to look after the elderly.
Globally, sales of robots for elderly and handicap assistance will total about 37,500 units in 2016-2019, and are expected to increase substantially within the next 20 years, according to the International Federation of Robotics.
In 2015, Honda launched a rental service for its mobility contraption. Worn around the waist and attached to the thighs, it helps patients improve their stride.
Such systems are a new frontier for major automakers, which are already competing to develop self-driving cars with an eye on the elderly as a major future market.
Toyota has invested heavily in artificial intelligence as part of its push into self-driving cars, and has said it may become a maker of A.I. robots to help the elderly. ($1 = 109.4800 yen) (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu; Editing by Stephen Coates)
Though the recent GPU price hikes resulting from the cryptomining boom might make it difficult to actually play upcoming titles (if you're a PC gamer), most gamers probably have at least a few games on their 2018 watch list.
Personally, I'm looking forward to Kingdom Come: Deliverance (out on February 13), Mount & Blade: Bannerlord (out god knows when) and Cyberpunk 2077 - if CD Projekt Red ever gets around to announcing a release date. If you can't tell, I'm a pretty big fan of RPGs.
That said, we want to know what your most anticipated titles of 2018 are, for PC or otherwise. Are you looking forward to Red Dead Redemption 2? How about Far Cry 5? Or perhaps there are a few lesser-known games you aim to pick up? Regardless, let us know in the comments below!
LONDON Britain said on Friday it had launched an investigation into suspected tax evasion and money-laundering by an unnamed "global financial institution" and some of its employees.
"The first phase of the investigation, which will see further, targeted, activity over the coming weeks, is focused on senior employees from within the institution, along with a number of its customers," the British tax authority, Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC), said in a statement.
HMRC said it could give no further details about the inquiry as it was an ongoing investigation.
Earlier on Friday, Dutch investigators said they had seized paintings, a gold bar and jewelry and arrested two people as part of a international hunt for tax evaders, after receiving a tip-off about 55,000 suspect accounts at a Swiss bank.
They said there had been coordinated raids on Thursday in the Netherlands, Britain, Germany, France and Australia.
Swiss bank Credit Suisse (CSGN.S) said on Friday its offices in London, Paris and Amsterdam had been contacted by local authorities concerning client tax matters and it was cooperating with the authorities.
The HMRC statement said: "Yesterday HMRC, working with our international partners, launched a criminal investigation into suspected tax evasion and money laundering by a global financial institution and certain of its employees.
"The international reach of this investigation sends a clear message that there is no hiding place for those seeking to evade tax."
(Reporting by Michael Holden; eiting by Stephen Addison)
MILAN May 3 Italy expects to settle a tax dispute with Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc, this week, two sources close to the matter said on Wednesday, as the company seeks to end hostilities with tax authorities across Europe.
Alphabet is accused of avoiding taxes by booking income earned in higher-taxing European markets through a unit based in low-tax Ireland. It has already settled with Britain but remains in dispute with Italy, France and Spain.
Italy's tax authority and Google are close to agreeing that the firm pays a settlement of between 280 million and 300 million euros ($306-$328 million), the sources said. The deal would also include a change to Google's tax practices to ensure it pays tax on Italian-sourced income, the sources added.
Tax police alleged Google had not paid tax on about 1 billion euros of Italian revenue between 2009 and 2013.
The U.S. company has said in the past that it complied with tax rules in every country it worked.
"Google continues to work cooperatively with the Italian tax authorities," a Google spokeswoman said on Wednesday, when asked about a possible settlement in the coming days.
Last year, Italian tax police said Google should have paid taxes totalling 227 million euros between 2009 and 2013, including tax on the 1 billion euros of undeclared Italian revenue and tax on royalties received.
The sources said the agreement with Rome would also cover the period since 2013 and would give details on how the U.S. giant should book its revenues in Italy for tax purposes.
On Wednesday the head of the Italian tax authority, Rossella Orlandi, told Italian newspaper La Repubblica a deal with Google was "very close". ($1 = 0.9159 euros) (Writing by Francesca Landini; Editing by Mark Bendeich)
BRIEF-Newriver Reit to raise not less than 200 mln stg via placing
* ‍Proposed firm placing and placing and open offer to raise not less than 200 million stg at an offer price in range of 330 pence to 340 pence per share​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Jars of Comvita brand Manuka honey from New Zealand are photographed on the shelves of a health food store in Sydney, Australia, April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Reed
WELLINGTON New Zealand and Australian produce suppliers are taking a hit as daigou, individuals who unofficially export their goods into China, reduce purchases of their products amid Beijing's constantly changing stance on cross-border e-commerce.
Scott Coulter, the chief executive of New Zealand honey producer Comvita Ltd (CVT.NZ), which this week issued a profit warning, said daigou are instead working through stockpiles built up during a speculative bubble over the past two years.
"They're concerned about what the future might look like," Coulter said in a telephone interview with Reuters on Thursday. "They're just not committing to the amount of inventory that they were previously."
Daigou, unofficial shopping agents who transport goods into China from abroad either in personal luggage or by post, have become powerful exporters and their activities are increasingly scrutinised.
There was panic among daigou a year ago when China raised taxes and ramped up its policing on goods bought on overseas e-commerce platforms, but a lack of follow-through on that crackdown allowed the industry to flourish.
A Chinese Commerce Ministry statement on March 21 supported that by indicating a more relaxed stance, with smaller shipments being treated as "personal" packages.
Shares in Australian milk company Bellamy's (BAL.AX) jumped 15 percent and vitamins firm Blackmores (BKL.AX) gained 13 percent on that statement, as anecdotal data suggested strong daigou growth.
But Comvita's experience of selling its luxury Manuka honey, prized in Asia for its reported medicinal qualities, shows the seemingly never-ending boom-bust cycle for exporters relying on grey channels into China.
The company's shares plummeted more than 17 percent on Wednesday after it slashed its forecast net profits for the year ending June to NZ$9 million ($4.88 million) from NZ$20-22 million estimated in February.
And despite the brief bump, Bellamy's shares are trading down 33 percent so far this year. Blackmores stock has gained 5 percent after heavy losses of more than 50 percent in 2016.
Coulter declined to say what proportion of his company's sales went to China via informal routes, but said it was a big channel.
Coulter said he now believed it would take until next year or possibly longer for the daigou market to return to early 2016 levels. In the meantime, Comvita has struck a deal with official distributor Shenzhen Comvita Natural Food Co Limited that begins on July 1.
"We know that longer term the Chinese are likely to push more products through formal channels," Coulter said.
(Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Jane Wardell and Stephen Coates)
May 2 OC Oerlikon Corporation AG Pfaeffikon:
* Group full-year guidance for 2017 raised
* Raising target of group's sales and orders for full year 2017 to around 2.6 billion Swiss francs ($2.61 billion) and our operating profitability (EBITDA) to approach 14 percent
* Q1 group orders climbed 21.1 percent to 712 million francs and sales increased 2.7 percent to 608 million francs compared to previous year
* Group's year-on-year EBITDA increased to 86 million francs, corresponding to an EBITDA margin of 14.2 percent. EBIT for Q1 2017 stood at 39 million francs, and margin at 6.5 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9956 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 31 Avio:
* Space2 says received clearance from Italian market regulator Consob for the listing of Avio shares after merger
* Space2 says Avio SpA will be listed on the Milan bourse, star segment, from April 10
* Space2, Leonardo and In Orbit completed their acquisition of Avio share capital not yet owned by Leonardo
* Leonardo says it will own around 28 percent of Avio Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
UBS, Credit Suisse on track to meet banking rules -Swiss central bank
ZURICH, June 15 Switzerland's two biggest banks, UBS and Credit Suisse, are on track to meet the country's updated too-big-to-fail rules but more progress is needed in preparing plans for a potential insolvency, the Swiss central bank said on Thursday.
(Corrects to read solar battery maker, paragraph 1)
FRANKFURT Grid operator Tennet and solar battery maker Sonnen GmbH have launched a pilot project that will tap home photovoltaic (PV) systems to help iron out imbalances on Germany's power network.
TenneT and Sonnen's e-Services subsidiary aim to sign up 6,000 household PV producers equipped with storage batteries by the end of May.
The project will be supported by blockchain technology from IBM, which works as an inexpensive transaction-processing system for tracking and recording encrypted information.
It holds potential to link up small energy "prosumers" and make them independent of centralized power providers.
"A home storage unit for solar power on its own is less valuable than one that can be used collectively," said Philipp Schroeder, director of sales and marketing at Bavaria-based Sonnen.
"We will be able to create a big virtual power line. That is revolutionary."
The two partners aim to initially pool 24 megawatts (MW) of power capacity for TenneT to use as a buffer for variable wind power.
"Balancing" power is so far handled mainly by traditional power plants while surplus wind power is often dealt with by curbing turbine output or throwing output away.
"We want to find out how we can reduce the waste of wind power by storing it in Sonnen batteries that we can access in the North while releasing power from solar energy stored at Sonnen batteries in southern Germany," said Urban Keussen, board chairman of the board at TenneT's German unit.
Germany currently subsidizes renewable power producers with billions of euros a year, regardless of demand.
Because network development lags far behind, a lot of power is wasted because the north houses most of Germany's wind turbines whose output cannot reach industrial users in the south.
New transport lines, funded via grid fees charged to consumers, will take years to build.
Schroeder said he saw big potential for solar pv "communities" filling gaps in the meantime.
Germany has 15 million detached houses and 1.7 million photovoltaic units, but only 50,000 home storage units.
Should 10 percent of all households use solar plus storage in 10 years, that would create capacity of some 6 gigawatts of power, he said, equivalent to six nuclear plants.
(Reporting by Vera Eckert; editing by Jason Neely)
TORONTO May 2 Canada's biggest non-bank lender, Home Capital Group Inc, has delayed its first-quarter earnings to after close of market on May 11, the company said in a statement on Tuesday.
Home Capital, which secured emergency funding last week after investors pulled out nearly three quarters of its deposits, said the delay would give the management time to update events that have occurred since the close of first quarter..
Home Capital was scheduled to release earnings after close of market on Wednesday. (Reporting by Denny Thomas; Editing by James Dalgleish)
April 6 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
- JAB Holding Company, the investment arm of the Reimann family of Germany, said it would add restaurant chain Panera Bread Co to its growing empire of American coffee and food favorites for $7.5 billion, including debt. nyti.ms/2p3JXlH
- Standing against the backdrop of his New Shepard rocket booster and a full-scale mock capsule for carrying humans into space, Jeff Bezos revealed on Wednesday that he was selling about $1 billion in Amazon.com Inc stock a year to finance his Blue Origin rocket company. nyti.ms/2ockJnZ
- PepsiCo Inc has apologized for a controversial advertisement that borrowed imagery from the Black Lives Matter movement, after a day of intense criticism from people who said it trivialized the widespread protests against the killings of black people by the police. nyti.ms/2nGilSB
- Facebook Inc on Wednesday announced new artificial intelligence tools intended to address a uniquely modern and pernicious form of harassment, often but not exclusively aimed at women, that has attracted increasing attention. Victims of such nonconsensual posts, often referred to as "revenge porn," now have some help in preventing their spread. The tools are designed to keep such content, once flagged, off its site for good. nyti.ms/2ocuhQ7 (Compiled by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru)
View of the first Airbus A380 delivered to China Southern Airlines during a ceremony at the Airbus Delivery Center in Colomiers near Toulouse October 14, 2011. REUTERS/Jean-Philippe Arles
SHANGHAI China Southern Airlines Co Ltd's (1055.HK) Hong Kong-listed shares jumped by more than 2.5 pct in opening trade after the company said it would sell a stake to a subsidiary of American Airlines (AAL.O)
The carrier's mainland shares also rose by more than 4 percent after announcing the deal, which would make American Airlines the second U.S. carrier to own part of a Chinese airline after Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N).
(Reporting by Brenda Goh and John Ruwitch; Editing by Stephen Coates)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
Former champion Wladimir Klitschko has said sparring with Britain's Anthony Joshua a few years ago has given him an idea of what to expect ahead of their world heavyweight title clash at Wembley Stadium on April 29.
Ukrainian Klitschko, who invited Joshua to a training camp in November 2014, was impressed by the London 2012 Olympics champion's attitude and athleticism but insisted that both fighters had benefited from the sparring sessions.
"It's an advantage on both sides. We have sparred and we have been in the ring together," the 41-year-okd Klitschko told British media in the build up to his bid to hand defending IBF champion Joshua a first defeat as a professional.
"He got a chance to look and be in the background of my training team, my camp and got to know a lot," he added.
"I was there in the arena in London when he won Olympic gold. Every medallist... at the Olympics has to be considered successful."
Klitschko, who went unbeaten for 11 years before losing the belts to Tyson Fury in 2015, has 64 wins against four defeats and will be hoping to seize Joshua's IBF crown as well as the vacant WBA and IBO titles that are also up for grabs.
The Ukrainian said he had learned from his mistakes during the Fury defeat but accepted he would never get revenge after their rematch was called off for the second time last September when the Briton was ruled medically unfit to fight.
"I lost, I didn't do enough to win. I was thinking about it for a year, trying to get this rematch," he added.
"And then when it all went downhill... I don't care about it anymore."
Watford-born Joshua has taken the division by storm since turning professional in 2013, winning all 18 fights inside the distance with the upcoming bout expected to draw 90,000 spectators to Wembley.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Cast member Charlie Murphy arrives for the party for the film 'The Perfect Holiday' at Marquee December 10, 2007. REUTERS/Rahav Segev
Actor Eddie Murphy (L), star of the comedy 'Norbit', poses with his older brother Charlie Murphy as they arrive at the film's premiere in Los Angeles February 8, 2007. REUTERS/Fred Prouser
Actor Charlie Murphy makes an appearance inside the Sony Style Plaza the night of the release of the Playstation 3 console in New York City November 16, 2006. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK Comedian and actor Charlie Murphy died in his sleep at a New York hospital on Wednesday at age 57 after suffering from leukemia, according to entertainment media reports.
Murphy, whose younger brother is "Coming to America" and "The Nutty Professor" star Eddie Murphy, was a cast member and sketch writer on Comedy Central's "Chappelle's Show."
"Thanks for the unforgettable stories, Charlie Murphy. You'll be missed," Comedy Central wrote on Twitter.
The Brooklyn native also co-wrote and acted in some of his brother's movies, including the 2007 comedy "Norbit."
High-profile comedians expressed their condolences and praise for Murphy following news of his death.
"We just lost one of the funniest most real brothers of all time," acclaimed standup comic Chris Rock wrote. "Charlie Murphy RIP."
Murphy's agent and manager were not immediately available for comment. His death was first reported by TMZ and the Hollywood Reporter.
(Reporting by Laila Kearney; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Bill Rigby)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani takes part in a news conference near the United Nations General Assembly in the Manhattan borough of New York, U.S., September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Iranian President Hassan Rouhani inspects the honour guard during a welcoming ceremony upon his arrival at Vnukovo International Airport in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov/File Photo
LONDON President Hassan Rouhani told Iranians on Saturday they could face greater authoritarianism if they replace him with a hardline rival in May's election.
Rouhani was the surprise winner of the last presidential vote, in 2013, after eight years of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad whose re-election for a second term in 2009 caused mass protests and a severe security crackdown.
He now faces serious competition from hardliners, some of whom are close to Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has criticised Rouhani's economic record, saying his detente with the West and concessions on Iran's nuclear work had yet to yield economic benefits.
"We will not let them bring the security and police atmosphere back to the country," Rouhani told a rally in the city of Yazd, according to the semi-official Tasnim news agency.
"Iranians will prove to the world at the May 19 election that the era of violence, extremism and pressures in our country is over and Iran is pursuing the path of reason."
Among Rouhani's challengers are Ebrahim Raisi, an influential cleric with decades of experience in the hardline judiciary, and conservative Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf, a former Revolutionary Guards commander.
Raisi, a close ally of Khamenei, was one of four judges who oversaw the execution of thousands of political prisoners in 1988.
Rouhani still retains considerable support, especially among Iran's large bloc of young, urban voters attracted to his vision of greater social freedoms and an end to Islamic clerical interference in their personal lives, analysts say.
However, human rights activists say his administration has achieved little on personal freedoms or freeing political prisoners and has been more focused on reducing Iran's international isolation.
Rouhani said in a televised speech that "freedom is the most important issue for the Iranians" and that he had ordered the intelligence ministry not to "interfere in people's privacy".
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
April 12 Verifone Systems Inc:
* Verifone systems - co, Gas Station TV announced a 50-50 joint venture that combines assets and operations of Verifone's pump media division with GSTV
* Verifone Systems Inc - financial terms of joint venture were not disclosed
* Combined business will operate under GSTV brand
* Verifone Systems Inc - company will be located at current GSTV headquarters in Detroit
* Members of existing GSTV and Verifone Pump Media Management teams will lead new joint venture
* Verifone Systems Inc - both companies will have equal representation on new company's board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-AGNC Investment's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share as of May 31, 2017
* Agnc investment -It's estimated net book value of $21.04 per common share and estimated net tangible book value of $19.48 per common share as of May 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
BRIEF-Shandong Lukang Pharmaceutical says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.02 yuan per share (before tax) for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
It was a proud moment for the Moller family, as their Korean War veteran father and grandfather attended his first Anzac Day dawn service in his home city.
Their family was part of an estimated crowd of 16,000 to 18,000 who gathered at the Auckland War Memorial Museum to pay respects to the country's service men and women.
Dave Moller had made a special return from his home on the Sunshine Coast, and was flanked by two of his grandchildren, Amy and Kyle, in the Court of Honour during the ceremony.
The 86-year-old served in the New Zealand Army in Korea from 1952-1953.
Korean War veteran Dave Moller with his grandchildren from left Amy, McKenzie and Kyle. Photo / Michael Neilson
He was born in Auckland, but has lived on the Sunshine Coast for the past 21 years.
Advertisement
"It is very nice to be here, at home. Especially to be here with my grandchildren."
Many of his friends he served with in the war had died.
"But just to be here at last, with my family, is very special."
Crowds hold up their phones in solidarity in respect of fallen soldiers in support of the Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
Granddaughter Amy attended the dawn service with her family most years, but this time with her grandad was extra special.
"It is really important to remember what they have done. I am very proud [of my grandfather]."
The Court of Honour in front of the Auckland War Memorial Museum this morning. Photo / Michael Craig
Thousands of people of all ages assembled at dawn services across the country this morning.
Packed crowds of thousands were at services in the main centres, including Tauranga, Hamilton, Rotorua, Whanganui, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin.
Even smaller areas drew in big crowds, including on Whangamata's beachfront where 500 people gathered for the Anzac Dawn Parade.
Horse riders passed the Australian and New Zealand flags to Whangamata Area School Head Girl Gabrielle Pitcher and Head Boy Reuben Fleetwood. Photo / Jennie Black
At the Auckland War Memorial Museum dawn service babies were sitting on the shoulders of their parents to get a better view as veterans from World War II, the Vietnam War and more recent conflicts in Bosnia, Solomon Islands and Iraq, gathered in the Court of Honour.
Grandchildren were clutching the hands of their grandparents, blankets draped over their shoulders to stay warm.
Catafalque Guard mount a vigil over the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior at the Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
Air Force serviceman Tua Atkinson and his partner Linda were proudly wearing their uniforms and medals at the dawn ceremony outside the museum.
They were there with their two children: 13-year-old Holly, and 17- month-old Nico.
Rotorua's Anzac Day dawn service and parade at Muruika war cemetery at Ohinemutu. Photo / Ben Fraser
Atkinson said it was Nico's second Anzac Day, and he was rugged up in several layers for the chilly morning.
"We first brought him when he was six months old, so he came to his first one here [in Auckland Domain]."
Chief of the New Zealand Defence Force Lieutenant General Timothy Keating speaks at the Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
He said celebrating Anzac Day in Auckland was important after his deployments overseas to Syria, Afghanistan, and Sinai.
"I had the privilege of going to Gallipoli in 2007 when I was over in Syria for 12 months.
"I guess that brought it home a lot more to me, to see the trenches and how close the fighting was, and the almost impossible task they were given. It was quite sobering."
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern sat with her partner Clarke Gayford, next to Auckland Mayor Phil Goff.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern attended the Auckland War Memorial Museum dawn service this morning. Photo / Michael Craig
Ardern placed a wreath on the Cenotaph at the Auckland War Memorial Museum, on behalf of all New Zealanders, for all New Zealand men and women who have served.
Goff said World War I had a huge impact on our "then young and small country".
"With a population of barely one million, New Zealand mobilised over 100,000 people.
"Barely a family across the country was not affected by the loss of a loved one.
"Here today remember those gave their lives on our behalf.
"Remember those who served, those who died."
Auckland Mayor Phil Goff told the crowd at the Auckland War Memorial Museum dawn service Anzac Day was not about "glorifying war". Photo / Michael Craig
He reflected on family he lost in wars, including two great uncles in the Great War and a nephew in Afghanistan in 2007.
"We don't come here today to glorify war, but pay tribute to the courage and steadfastness of our service personnel."
"Today is a time of reflection. To strive for a world that might be free one day of war and injustice, and we can live in peace. Lest we forget."
Saint Kentigern head girl Laura Porteous and head boy George Shirtcliffe both said it was a "great privilege" to read the dedication during the ceremony.
Saint Kentigern head boy George Shirtcliffe and head girl Laura Porteous both said it was a great privilege to read the dedication during the ceremony. Photo / Michael Neilson
"It was a bit nerve-wracking, but super exciting," Porteous said.
"It is important to reflect on those who lost their lives, and is so good to see so many people here.
"It also evokes national pride. It was a time when New Zealand came together as a nation."
A field of 4799 white memorial crosses remember the Aucklanders who died in World War I. Photo / Michael Neilson
Anzac Day was increasingly relevant with young people, she said.
"I think it is still quite relevant. Especially as we get a bit older. We are around the age that these people were going out to war. Boys and girls going out to help the war effort."
Catafalque Guard mount a vigil over the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior at Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
Shirtcliffe said because it was so long ago, it was increasingly important to have a day dedicated to remembrance.
"There is so much going on in the world, so having one day dedicated is very important.
"The moment of silence resonated with me, lights dimmed, really got that moment of reflection, the scale of the war and lives lost.
"A lot of our friends are here today. There is still a huge emphasis placed on it. We are taught about it at school, write assignments about it. It is a huge part of our culture."
Lucy Quirke,4, left, and Ruby Beban, 4, at Rotorua's Anzac Day dawn service and parade at Muruika war cemetery at Ohinemutu. Photo / Ben Fraser
Ceremony organiser, Auckland RSA president Graham Gibson estimated between 16,000 and 18,000 people had turned out to the Auckland dawn service.
"It is always a good turnout [in Auckland]."
Members of the public lay poppies following the Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
He said the Prime Minister "thoroughly enjoyed it".
"Afterwards she went down to the field, of the 4799 Aucklanders who never came home in [World War I], and she was quite moved by it.
"She put a poppy for the unknown soldier down there, and Phil Goff did too."
RNZAF band at Wellington dawn service, Pukeahu National War Memorial Park. Photo / Frances Cook
Anzac Day was important for all of New Zealand, young and old.
"We should never forget them, which is why we have fields of remembrances, why all the schools in New Zealand have crosses.
"I think for young New Zealanders, it gives them a sense of identity. For a small country, we have punched above our weight.
Several thousand people came along in calm, clear conditions to Taupo's Anzac Day Dawn Service. Photo / Laurilee McMichael
"It is not about glorifying war, but it is part of our history. We are all affected by service and sacrifice. Times like this make you proud to be a New Zealander."
Catafalque Guard mount a vigil over the Tomb of the Unknown Warrior at the Pukeahu National Dawn Service, Wellington. Photo / NZDF
The service could more modernised, and include more young people, he said.
"I would like to see more of the young veterans parade. It is important we honour them too."
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel attend a joint news conference following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel attend a joint news conference following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin and German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrive for a meeting at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin gestures during a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel following their talks at the Bocharov Ruchei state residence in Sochi, Russia, May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Alexander Zemlianichenko/Pool
SOCHI, Russia President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that allegations that Russia had meddled in last year's U.S. presidential election were based on rumors and that Moscow did not want foreign powers to interfere in Russian politics.
Putin was speaking at a joint news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi and responding to a question about U.S. allegations of Moscow's meddling and allegations that Russia might meddle in German elections on Sept. 24.
"We never interfere in the political life and the political processes of other countries and we don't want anybody interfering in our political life and foreign policy processes," said Putin.
The Russian leader said foreign powers had tried to meddle in Russian politics many times in recent years however, including through non-governmental organizations.
The U.S. allegations were the result of domestic U.S. political battles, said Putin.
(Reporting by Denis Pinchuk/Alexander Winning; Writing by Andrew Osborn; Editing by Christian Lowe)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
March 30 Bringspring Science and Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 5 percent to 35 percent, or to be 268.6 million yuan to 392.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (413.2 million yuan)
* Says decreased operating revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/qqqWo2
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
PARIS Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen would try to change France's electoral law by referendum if she wins the presidency on Sunday and her National Front (FN) party fails to win a parliamentary majority in June, a senior FN official said.
Le Pen, who is standing against centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron in Sunday's presidential run-off, would then call new elections under the new rules.
France holds parliamentary elections on June 11 and 18.
"If the new Assembly is hostile to us, we would change the electoral law via a referendum organised as soon as next summer, then the president would dissolve the National Assembly," Gilles Lebreton, the FN official told Le Canard Enchaine newspaper.
Le Pen's official manifesto states that she would implement proportional representation with a 30-percent bonus for the party which came first in the election.
France's existing two-round voting system has so far ensured that despite winning about a quarter of the votes in recent elections, the FN has only two members of parliament.
In the 2014 European parliamentary election, the FN came first in France with 24.84 percent of the vote.
Unlike presidential election rules, parliamentary election rules do not require a constitutional change. The president can invoke article 11 of the constitution to call a referendum and amend laws on "the organisation of political powers" after a request by the government.
Opinion polls show Macron defeating Le Pen on Sunday 60-40.
(Reporting by Michel Rose; Editing by Louise Ireland)
March 30 Resonant Inc
* Resonant Inc. reports 2016 financial results and provides business update
* Resonant Inc - cash and investments at December 31, 2016 totaled $9.8 million, compared with $5.5 million at December 31, 2015
* Resonant Inc - management believes it has sufficient cash to support planned operations into 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-Kyung Nam Pharm says subscription results of 4th series convertible bonds
* Says all of its 4th series unregistered and unsecured private convertible bonds have been subscribed on June 15
March 30 Credit China FinTech Holdings :
* Discloseable transaction disposal of equity interest in the target
* Deal for consideration of HK$580 million
* Unit entered into agreement with purchaser
* Deal for disposal is expected to accrue to company a gain of approximately hk$539 million
* Pursuant to agreement seller agreed to sell sale shares to purchaser
* Purchaser is decade elite global limited, seller is even step holdings limited Source text (bit.ly/2nPpXpo) Further company coverage:
A Verizon sign is seen at a retail store in San Diego, California, U.S. on April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) said on Friday that Hans Vestberg, the former Ericsson chief executive officer, has joined the company and will lead a team building out its fiber network infrastructures amid growing competition from smaller rivals.
"It shows with Vestberg that they want to go back to having that network superiority, which has been increasingly eroded," said Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics.
The move also sets up Vestberg, 51, as a potential successor to Verizon Chief Executive Officer Lowell McAdam, he said. The No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier said Vestberg will initially be based in Sweden but join the U.S.-based team later this spring.
"What bringing someone in for the outside means is you need a new perspective," Entner said.
Verizon also said it is restructuring operations into three areas including Vestberg's team. The media and telematics unit will focus on new businesses in digital media, including integrating its pending acquisition of Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O). It will be led by Marni Walden as executive vice president for media and telematics.
The customer and product operations team, led by John Stratton, will work on operating and growing Verizon's established businesses, such as Verizon Wireless and Verizon Enterprise Solutions.
Walden and Stratton are also both seen as potential successors to McAdam, according to industry analysts.
Vestberg was CEO of Ericsson (ERICb.ST)(ERIC.O), one of the world's largest equipment suppliers to the telecommunications industry, for six years. He was ousted last year amid pressure from shareholders unhappy with financial results amid pressure from Finland's Nokia (NOKIA.HE) and China's Huawei[HWT.UL].
Ericsson is working with Verizon on trials for a next-generation 5G network, and Vestberg and McAdam have known each other for years, industry watchers said.
(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Jeffrey Benkoe)
FILE PHOTO: The Eiffel tower is illuminated in green with the words ''Paris Agreement is Done'', to celebrate the Paris U.N. COP21 Climate Change agreement in Paris, France, November 4, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
OSLO Governments have created "worldwide momentum" to slow climate change despite threats by U.S. President Donald Trump to pull out of the 2015 Paris Agreement to slash greenhouse gas emissions, the U.N.'s climate chief said on Friday.
"The Paris Agreement remains a remarkable achievement, universally supported by all countries when it was adopted," Patricia Espinosa, head of the U.N. Climate Change Secretariat in Bonn, wrote in a letter to staff.
Trump, who doubts that greenhouse gases from fossil fuels are warming the planet, began undoing former President Barack Obama's policies to slow global warming this week in a shift to favor the U.S. coal industry.
He expects to decide by late May whether to carry out a campaign promise to withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement, reached by almost 200 nations. It sets a goal of phasing out greenhouse gas emissions in the second half of this century.
Espinosa listed signs of "worldwide momentum" including that "solar power capacity globally grew 50 percent in 2016 led by the United States and China" and that ever more governments were passing laws to curb global warming.
"This governmental momentum continues to be underpinned by companies, investors, cities, regions and territories including now many oil majors whose CEOs have in recent weeks publicly spoken out in support of the Paris Agreement," she said.
She said the United States was still a member of the agreement and that "we look forwards to welcoming and working with its delegations" at meetings in 2017. Governments are trying to write a rule book to guide implementation.
Many countries, led by China and the European Union, have reaffirmed backing this week for the pact, meant to be the cornerstone of efforts to limit heatwaves, floods, extinctions of animal and plant species and a rise in sea levels.
(Reporting By Alister Doyle; Editing by Toby Davis)
Lutz Bachmann said on his Facebook page that he was not allowed to enter the UK because he carried a copy of a speech by far-right Austrian activist Martin Sellner, who himself had been denied entry last week.
Read more: The far-right's push to enter the German judicial system
Both the dpa news agency and daily Bild say the UK's Home Office had confirmed to them that Bachmann had been detained at London's Stansted Airport and then deported back to Germany as his presence in the UK was deemed "not conducive to the public good," without going into more detail.
Watch video 01:30 Share Pegida founder fined by German court Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/1IhKr Pegida founder fined by German court
Speakers' Corner rally
Bachmann had planned to go to a far-right rally at Speakers' Corner in Hyde Park, where former English Defence League (EDL) leader Tommy Robinson read out Sellner's speech.
Read more: Germany sees almost 1,000 anti-Muslim crimes in 2017
On Facebook, Bachmann says the fact that he was to attend the event was the sole reason for him being denied entry, as he had recently attended other events in London, Manchester and Birmingham – all in the UK.
Sellner, of the white supremacist Generation Identity group, and his girlfriend Brittany Pettibone, a YouTube commentator, were detained at London's Luton Airport on March 12 and refused entry into the UK.
Bachmann, whose PEGIDA movement organizes regular anti-foreigner and anti-Islam marches through German cities, has been previously been convicted of inciting racial hatred in Germany.
Watch video 02:00 Share Germany's far-right threat Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2tog7 Threat of far-right violence on the rise in Germany?
DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
LONDON, April 10 (IFR) - Romania is set to raise €1.75bn via a dual-tranche euro offering, according to a lead.
The sovereign has launched a new €1bn 10-year bond at 170bp over mid-swaps. The notes were initially marketed at 185bp area over, and guidance was set at plus 175bp-180bp.
Romania has launched a €750m reopening of its €1.25bn 3.875% notes due October 2035 at a yield of 3.55%. That compares to an initial marketing level of 3.65% area, and guidance at 3.60% area. The total outstanding size of the bond will increase to €2bn.
The aggregate order books were over €3.25bn at the last update, with a skew to the 10-year. The deal is today's business via Barclays, Citigroup, Erste Group, ING and Société Générale.
Romania is rated Baa3/BBB-/BBB-. (Reporting by Robert Hogg; editing by Sudip Roy)
* Dollar index touches three-week high in Asian trade * Concerns over N. Korea and Middle East underpin gold * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Updates prices, adds comment) By Jan Harvey LONDON, April 10 Gold slipped further on Monday from the previous session's five-month high, as expectations that the Federal Reserve will press ahead with interest rate hikes counterweighed concerns over political tensions in North Korea and the Middle East. Spot gold was down 0.2 percent at $1,251.55 an ounce at 1415 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were down $4.20 at $1,253.10. The metal rose above $1,270 on Friday for the first time since early November following much weaker than expected U.S. jobs data, and after the United States launched a missile strike on a Syrian air base. It fell back quickly in later trade as the dollar recovered, however, failing once again to beat key chart resistance at its 200-day moving average, which has broadly capped gains since October. "There appears to have been some profit taking after that move above the 200-day moving average on Friday," Mitsubishi analyst Jonathan Butler said. "Friday's U.S. unemployment reading, which fell to a 10-year low, would appear to confirm that the United States is approaching full employment," he said. "This has increased the probability of a June rate rise... (and) clearly weighed on gold." The dollar started the week near three-week highs against a basket of currencies after a key Federal Reserve official reinforced the U.S. central bank's commitment to continue raising interest rates. Expectations that the pace of U.S. rate increases will pick up this year, lifting the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion, have proved a major drag on gold. The euro also came under pressure from worries over the tightening race for the French presidency. The wider financial markets took on a more cautious tone on Monday, with trading volumes muted by political tensions in the Middle East and the Korean peninsula. Top aides to U.S. President Donald Trump differed on Sunday on where U.S. policy on Syria was headed after last week's attack on a Syrian air base, while U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. "Geopolitical tensions are likely to be supportive and may put the brakes on what would otherwise be a retracement from the mid-March uptrend," MKS said in a note. Silver was down 0.8 percent at $17.81 an ounce, having hit its highest since Feb. 27 at $18.47 on Friday. Platinum was 1.4 percent lower at $938.20, while palladium was down 1.5 percent at $789.50. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Goodman and Susan Thomas)
Canada's Nemaska Lithium and Korean chemical company LG Chem have signed an offtake agreement that provides for the supply of battery grade lithium hydroxide by Nemaska to LG.
“We are pleased with this first step towards establishing a long-term commercial relationship between LG and Nemaska. The signing of this agreement is a clear vote of confidence by LG in our business plan and our capacity to be a long-term supplier of lithium hydroxide,” said Nemaska president and CEO Guy Bourassa.
Advertisement
Under this agreement, Nemaska agrees to supply LG, on a take-or-pay basis and through its wholly-owned subsidiary Nemaska Lithium Shawinigan Transformation, with 7 000 t/y of lithium hydroxide, which is produced at Nemaska's commercial plant in Shawinigan, Quebec, for an initial five-year period, scheduled to start in October 2020.
Nemaska is entitled, if ever necessary, to reschedule the start of the supply period, within certain parameters set out in the agreement and based on the anticipated commissioning, ramping up and production start date for the Shawinigan plant.
Advertisement
Nemaska will be operating the Whabouchi mine, also in Québec. The spodumene concentrate produced at the Whabouchi mine will be processed at the Shawinigan plant using a unique membrane electrolysis process for which Nemaska holds several patents.
April 5 Banca Mediolanum:
* Chairman Ennio Doris tells shareholders the group is working to pay a dividend of 40 euro cents also over 2017 results
* The company paid a dividend of 40 euro cents over 2016 results - above a 30 euro cent target - thanks to proceeds from the sale of Banca Esperia Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
April 28 HWA AG:
* Generated sales of 97.4 million euros ($105.82 million) in 2016 financial year, representing a year-on-year increase of almost 17 percent
* Total operating performance for 2016 amounted to 100.4 million euros
* Generated adjusted EBIT of 2.0 million euros in 2016
* Closed 2016 with a net loss for year of 0.3 million euros as compared to a net profit for year of 3.4 million euros in 2015
* Goal is to close 2017 with positive earnings and resume dividend payments
* Anticipates a decline in its total operating performance to between 80 million euros and 85 million euros in 2017
* Have decided not to propose any dividend to annual general meeting for 2016 and thus to suspend dividend payment, as result for 2016 was negative Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9205 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
TOKYO, March 31 Japanese government bond prices slipped on Friday tracking a retreat in U.S. Treasuries, with the market bracing for the Bank of Japan's announcement of its monthly debt-buying plans for April.
The BOJ will release its bond-purchase operation plans at 5:00 p.m. Tokyo time (0800 GMT), with some market participants expecting the central bank to trim its buying of shorter-dated JGBs.
The BOJ's massive bond-buying programme has reduced liquidity across maturities, leaving bond investors and dealers to often scramble for JGBs still available in the market. In an attempt to improve liquidity and reduce volatility, the BOJ has been tweaking its bond-buying.
The five-year JGB yield rose 1 basis point to minus 0.125 percent and the benchmark 10-year JGB yield was up half a basis point at 0.065 percent.
Treasury prices fell on Thursday after the final fourth-quarter U.S. gross domestic product number was revised higher. (Reporting by the Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sunil Nair)
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
RPT-CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
April 13 Canada Carbon Inc:
* Canada Carbon arranges non-brokered private placement
* Canada Carbon Inc - arranged a non-brokered private placement for issuance of 1.65 million flow-through shares at $0.30 per share
* Canada Carbon Inc- proceeds from private placement will be used to advance company's 100 pct owned miller hydrothermal lump/vein graphite property
* Canada Carbon Inc - also arranged a non-brokered private placement 3.6 million non-flow through units at $0.23 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON The controversy surrounding France's 20-18 Six Nations win over Wales last month is to be the subject of a further independent review, the tournament organisers announced on Monday.
Six Nations Rugby decided on the referral after conducting a preliminary investigation into the farcical end to the game which included 20 minutes of added time.
Wales were unhappy about the way France replaced Uini Atonio with Rabah Slimani in the 81st minute. Slimani had already been substituted but the superior scrummager was allowed back on when France's team doctor sent Atonio for a head injury assessment.
A converted try sealed France's victory amid furious Welsh protests.
The independent Six Nations Untoward Incident Review Group (UIRG) will now consider the matter.
A Six Nations statement read: "Following its preliminary investigation into the replacements made in the latter stages of the France v Wales match on 18 March 2017 (and in particular the replacement of Uini Atonio by Rabah Slimani), Six Nations Rugby has decided to refer the matter to the independent Six Nations Untoward Incident Review Group (UIRG) for review.
"Six Nations Rugby will send the file to the UIRG later this week and it is anticipated that the review process will begin shortly thereafter."
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Ken Ferris)
São Paulo, March 30 Brazil's former speaker of the lower house, Eduardo Cunha, was found guilty and sentenced to more than 15 years in prison on corruption charges on Thursday, according to the ruling from a federal court.
The former politician's defense team said they would appeal the decision but Cunha will remain imprisoned pending appeal.
Cunha, who drove the successful impeachment of former President Dilma Rousseff, was forced from his position as speaker in July and arrested in October on accusations he received millions in bribes from the purchase of an oil field in Benin by state-run oil company Petrobras. (Reporting by Brad Brooks; Editing by Daniel Flynn)
April 12 Rickmers Maritime:
* Trustee-manager (Rickmers Trust Management Pte. Ltd) has been unable to reach an alternative agreement with its lenders to restructure Trust's (Rickmers Maritime) debts
* Inability to reach agreement led to failure to make US$196.7 million principal repayment to HSH syndicate due on 31 March 2017
* HSH had granted trustee-manager until 15 April to present new restructuring proposal to ensure higher level of total recoveries
* Potential investors have not supported injection of new equity into trust due to challenges in obtaining consent for debt write-offs
* "Failure to make repayments have cast material uncertainties on Trust's ability to continue as a going concern"
* "Trustee-Manager opines that it is impracticable to continue trust and that it shall therefore be wound up"
* Expected that business operations of Trust's vessels will remain unaffected by this process of winding up of the Trust
* Will also be submitting application to Singapore Exchange Securities for delisting of Trust and notes from official list
* "Unitholders are highly unlikely to recover any of their investments" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Investors cautious ahead of Trump-Xi meeting
* Comcast, L Brands top consumer discretionary stocks
* AMD sinks after Goldman Sachs starts with "sell" rating
* Indexes up: Dow 0.18 pct, S&P 0.19 pct, Nasdaq 0.16 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 6 U.S. stocks were higher on Thursday morning, led by financial and consumer discretionary companies, but gains were kept in check by cautious trading ahead of the Trump-Xi meeting and on uncertainty about quick U.S. fiscal stimulus.
President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, start their two-day meeting on Thursday and top of the agenda is the possibility of Trump using U.S.-China trade ties to pressure Beijing to do more to rein in North Korea's arms program.
The meeting comes as doubts arise over Trump's ability to deliver on his pro-growth promises, such as tax cuts. U.S. House of Representatives speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday that the tax reform bill could take longer than the stalled healthcare bill.
"The market can still go higher, but they need to make sure that everything the market has gone up on so far is coming to pass," said Neil Massa, senior equity trader at Manulife Asset Management in Boston.
"And that means making sure Republicans are able to do the pro-business agenda that they put out there."
At 11:05 a.m. ET (1505 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 36.66 points, or 0.18 percent, at 20,684.81, the S&P 500 was up 4.7 points, or 0.19 percent, at 2,357.65 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 9.42 points, or 0.16 percent, at 5,873.90.
Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were higher led by the consumer discretionary index's 0.6 percent gain.
Comcast rose 2.6 percent after the cable company announced its entry into the U.S. wireless business. Also boosting the index was L Brands, which jumped 10 percent after reporting a smaller-than-expected drop in March sales.
The energy index gained the most, up 0.8 percent on higher oil prices. Financials were up 0.7 percent.
Among the laggards was AMD, which sank 7 percent after Goldman Sachs started overage with a "sell" rating.
As corporate earnings reports start trickling in, investors are also cautious given the lofty valuations. The S&P 500 index is trading at about 18 times forward earnings estimates, above its long-term average of 15.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,707 to 1,013. On the Nasdaq, 1,321 issues rose and 1,302 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed three 52-week highs and four lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 14 new highs and 50 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Like many who came of age in the 1950s and 1960s, I grew up admiring Robert E. Lee. In an era when our history books stressed a consensus view of America's past, Lee was seen as a noble figure: a respected leader, a skillful tactician, and an honorable man. President Lincoln offered him a major command in the Union Army, over which he agonized before resigning his commission and taking command of the forces of his beloved Virginia. In doing so, he chose to wage war against his country, a war that would claim more lives than all our future wars combined.
Lee's whitewashed legacy reinforced the image of the Lost Cause – an antebellum South now Gone With the Wind, yet still struggling nobly to preserve its agrarian way of life. It's an image that haunts us still. As the courtly symbol of that idyllic South, Lee has allowed us to gloss over its brutality.
Taking down his statue will not, as critics claim, erase history. On the contrary, it will enrich it by acknowledging historical truths we need to confront: four million slaves and over 4,000 lynchings, a century of Jim Crow and racism still strong enough to elect a president who will not condemn it. Robert E. Lee was a complex man, but there is nothing complicated about the symbol he has become. How can we fulfill Lincoln's promise “to bind up the nation's wounds” if we insist on venerating icons that rub salt in them?
April 3 Cardiome Pharma Corp:
* Cardiome's partner SteadyMed receives favorable ruling in its USPTO Inter Partes review
* Cardiome Pharma Corp says in its ruling, PTAB found all 22 claims of '393 patent were unpatentable
* Cardiome Pharma Corp says Cardiome currently expects to file for European Medicines Agency (EMA) approval of Trevyent during 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Confederations Cup future in doubt, says German FA boss
FRANKFURT, June 14 The future of the Confederations Cup is uncertain given the strain it puts on clubs, players and World Cup organisers, German Football Association President Reinhard Grindel said on Wednesday.
April 3 Codere SA:
* Increases stake in Mexican units for $26 million, $22 million of which will be paid in cash and the remaining $4 million via off-set against amounts due to Codere by Grupo Caliente Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
South Africa's president, Jacob Zuma looks on during the swearing in of new cabinet ministers following a reshuffle that replaced Pravin Gordhan as finance minister in Pretoria, South Africa, March 31, 2017. REUTERS/Siphiwe Sibeko
LONDON If South Africa loses two of its prized investment grade credit ratings for foreign and local currency borrowing in the turmoil triggered by the sacking of the finance minister, the country could lose more than $10 billion in investment funds.
S&P Global has already struck. In an unscheduled review on Monday that prompted a selloff in South African assets, it cut the sovereign rating for external debt to BB+, one notch below investment grade - or "junk" status in market parlance.
It cited the impact of the divisions in government that led to Pravin Gordhan's removal.
Moody's later placed South Africa on review for downgrade. A third major international ratings firm Fitch warned that President Jacob Zuma's shake-up intensified political risk and signalled policy changes that could undermine its credit score.
Being downgraded to junk by at least two agencies will see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes that rely on investment grades only and force international funds who track these or who are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell.
"The problem has just started in South Africa - there was a lot of complacency on the ratings shift," said Salman Ahmed, chief global strategist at Lombard Odier.
The prospect of such a demotion is more imminent for hard currency debt, where Fitch's standing rating is just one notch above junk. The Moody's rating is two rungs above.
But a bigger impact on the country's access to funds could come if two of the three agencies also demoninate the rand-denominated government debt as sub-investment grade. S&P's local currency rating is just one level above junk as well, with Moody's two notches above.
So far, only one of the six ratings - three for sovereign debt and three for local - from the major international ratings agencies has slipped into junk.
JPMorgan - which compiles some of the most widely used emerging market debt indexes - estimates that a junk rating for South Africa's mostly dollar-denominated foreign currency Eurobonds could see forced selling of up to $2.4 billion.
Roughly half the total would come from funds dedicated to investment grade emerging market debt, the other half from global investment grade bond funds, JPMorgan said, adding this was much less than the forced selling risk the bank had ascribed in recent years to Brazil at $6 billion or Turkey at $7 billion.
"The more modest figure for South Africa is explained by the smaller bond stock, and therefore smaller weights particularly in widely used global bond indexes, coupled with an underweight positioning by investors," the bank said.
LOCAL DANGER
Yet South Africa's outstanding $14.6 billion hard-currency debt is just a 10th of total public government debt, with local sovereign bonds tallying up to 1.722 trillion rand ($125 billion), according to data from the National Treasury.
For UBS, the real danger lies in local bond markets. In a note this week, UBS estimated some $10 billion of South African bond holdings are indexed to Citi's World Government Bond Index (WGBI), tracked by $3 trillion worldwide.
JPMorgan, which compiles the GBI-EM IG-only index, said it estimated that a downgrade of local currency debt could lead to total index-related selling of as much as $8.5 billion.
Inclusion in both indexes hinges on investment grade ratings on local debt from both Moody's and S&P Global. Whle a formal index exclusion could take up to a year, many funds would likely exit the debt in advance.
Partially offsetting that hit is the fact that countries which find themselves downgraded to junk - so-called "fallen angels" - often draw in a different investor base seeking higher yields and more speculative investments, said Nafez Zouk, senior economist at Oxford Economics.
In other words, these fallen credits become bigger fish in smaller ponds.
Some dedicated emerging market fund managers are waiting for those opportunities.
"(South Africa's) trajectory is quite negative and is likely to continue to be negative until we see renewal in South African politics which could be a few years from now," said Jan Dehn at emerging market fund manager Ashmore Investment Management.
"Even in a gradually deteriorating credit like South Africa, asset prices can move into oversold territory relative to the risk ... If prices fall enough that the credit has been oversold relative to how risky it is, then clearly that's a buying opportunity."
($1 = 13.7390 rand)
(Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in Moscow, Mfuneko Toyana in Johannesburg and Claire Milhench in London; Editing by Alison Williams)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Luton Town remain in with a slim chance of winning the League Two title after leaders Accrington were beaten 2-1 at Newport County on Saturday.
The hosts took the lead on 30 minutes through Padraig Amond's strike, before moving 2-0 ahead with five minutes to play when Frank Nouble netted.
Stanley pulled one back in stoppage time when Billy Kee was on target, but they couldn't find an equaliser, falling to a first defeat since January 27.
John Coleman's side are still heavy favourites to win the championship though, needing just a point from their final two games at home to Lincoln on Saturday and then away to Swindon the following weekend.
Luton need to win both their final games and hope Accrington slip up, the Hatters home to Forest Green and then on the road to Notts County.
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
WASHINGTON The Trump administration could respond to North Korea's latest failed missile test by speeding up its plans for new U.S. sanctions against Pyongyang, including possible measures against specific North Korean and Chinese entities, a U.S. official told Reuters on Friday.
With North Korea acting in defiance of pressure from the United States and North Korea's main ally, China, Washington could also conduct new naval drills and deploy more ships and aircraft in the region as a show of force, the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
"It's possible that something could be sped up," the official said of the potential for imposing a limited package of targeted sanctions on North Korea. "Something that's ready to go could be taken from the larger package and expedited."
The source said the ballistic missile launch was the kind of "provocation" that had been anticipated ahead of South Korea's May 9 election, and President Donald Trump could use the test-firing to further press China to do more to rein in North Korea.
U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the missile fired from a region north of Pyongyang was probably a medium-range missile known as a KN-17 and appears to have broken up within minutes of taking off.
Should North Korea test-fire an intercontinental ballistic missile as it has threatened, Washington would consider it a more dangerous milestone, the administration official told Reuters, suggesting it would draw a much tougher U.S. response.
The Trump administration is especially worried about Pyongyang's work to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the United States. Washington is also watching closely for the possibility of North Korea's sixth nuclear test.
The missile test came just hours after U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned the United Nations Security Council that failure to curb North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs could lead to "catastrophic consequences."
The official said any new sanctions could be rolled out in coming days and may hit a number of entities that have already been "vetted" by the U.S. government for such measures, while the administration continues crafting a broader sanctions package.
The targets, the official said, could include financial institutions and front companies in North Korea as well as China, which could anger Beijing.
While Trump has praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for signalling increased cooperation on the North Korea issue, the official said Beijing still "needs to draw some sort of line in the sand" with Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs.
The military options under active consideration include displays of U.S. power in the region meant to deter North Korea and reassure U.S. allies South Korea, the official said.
But it stops short of pre-emptive U.S. military strikes, which could run the risk of massive North Korean retaliation and huge casualties in Japan and South Korea and among U.S. forces in both countries.
(Reporting by Matt Spetalnick and David Brunnstrom; Editing by Sandra Maler and Mary Milliken)
Traders work at their desks in front of the German share price index, DAX board, at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
LONDON The biggest inflow into European equity funds since 2015 helped drive a $21 billion (16.39 billion pounds) inflow into global equity funds in the latest week, the largest since the U.S. presidential election in November, Bank of America Merrill Lynch said on Friday.
The resumption of 'risk on flows' following the first round of voting in France's election and in anticipation of a U.S. tax reform package boosted the increase in global stock market capitalisation so far this year to $3.3 trillion, BAML said.
Much of this year's stock market rally across the globe is down to a $1 trillion "liquidity supernova" of financial assets that central banks in Europe and Japan have bought so far this year, it added.
"The bull market is unlikely to end until bullish macro (data) makes central banks tighten (monetary policy) - we're not yet there," BAML said in a regular 'Flow Show' note this week titled: "It's Back On".
Investors poured $2.4 billion into European equity funds, the most since December 2015, and $13.8 billion into U.S. funds, the most in 19 weeks, BAML said.
Global stocks .MIWD00000PUS hit a record high this week, with major indices such as the Nasdaq .IXIC hitting fresh peaks and France's CAC 40 .FCHI reaching a nine-year high.
European economic data and corporate earnings have continued to come in on the strong side, and there's a growing consensus that the flow into the continent's stock markets will gather pace.
Bond funds attracted $10.9 billion of inflows in the week to Wednesday, with more than half of that ($5.6 billion) going into investment grade funds and a further $2.1 billion into emerging market debt funds, BAML said.
(Reporting by Jamie McGeever; Editing by Susan Thomas)
* March U.S. private sector job additions beat estimates
* Record highs for Amazon, Microsoft and Apple
* Indexes up: Dow 0.59 pct, S&P 0.52 pct, Nasdaq 0.4 pct (Updates to late afternoon, adds commentary, changes byline)
By Sinead Carew
April 5 U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday in a broad-based rally, spurred by private-sector employment data that blew past expectations and boosted investors' confidence in the strength of the economy.
The S&P was on track for its biggest one-day percentage gain in six sessions after data showed that U.S. companies added 263,000 workers in March, the most since December 2014 and well above economists' expectations of 187,000.
The report by payrolls processor ADP comes ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls data that includes hiring in both the public and private sectors.
"The real driver of this leg up heading into earnings season is all about economic data," said Peter Kenny, senior market strategist at Global Markets Advisory Group, in New York, adding that investors see improving economic data as an indicator that "equity prices will likely continue to move higher as a result of improving earnings."
All 11 major S&P 500 sectors were up, with the information technology sector the biggest driver. The Nasdaq hit an all-time high, buoyed by Amazon. Microsoft and Apple.
The S&P pared its gains after the Federal Reserve released the minutes from its most recent meeting but this was investor profit-taking rather than anything worrying in the minutes, according to Dennis Dick, head of markets structure, proprietary trader at Bright Trading LLC in Las Vegas.
"People are so scared to be not participating now so every time we pull back a little bit, money managers come in with big bucks," said Dick, adding that investors had cash on the sidelines. "You're starting to see almost panic buying."
At 2:35 PM EDT (1835 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 122.11 points, or 0.59 percent, to 20,811.35, the S&P 500 had gained 12.31 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,372.47 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 24.02 points, or 0.41 percent, to 5,922.63.
The ADP report drew some money back into the market after a period of range-bound trading as some investors have hesitated over worries about President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on his policy plans after recent setbacks in Congress.
However, investors are cautiously awaiting a meeting this week between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping which Trump expects to be a "very difficult one."
Market valuations may also be tested when the earnings season starts next week, according to Myles Clouston, senior director at Nasdaq Advisory Services in New York.
"Valuations from a historical standpoint are in the high end but as long as earnings growth and GDP continue to do well, there is argument that they are justified," said Clouston.
Panera Bread jumped 14 percent to $312.60 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain for $7.16 billion.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.54-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 38 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 71 new highs and 43 new lows. (Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and James Dalgleish)
BUDAPEST, April 6 Prague-based investor APS Holding could acquire Hungary's MARK Group, set up by the central bank to help banks by purchasing bad loans made on commercial real estate projects, news website index.hu reported on Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
MARK was set up in 2014 with an initial budget of up to 300 billion forints ($1.03 billion) in a bid to revive a frozen market and get banks to lend more to companies.
But the project struggled to take off due to a lengthy legal debate with European Union regulators and many commercial banks began to sell bad loans to private investors as the Hungarian real estate market recovered.
Index.hu said MARK had not yet managed to reach an agreement on any transactions with local lenders.
A central bank press official declined comment.
APS spokesman Karel Pluhar said: "APS is now considering new opportunities in CEE region and expansion in Hungary has high priority. Such activity might trigger some rumours on the market. However, I am not able to comment on speculations."
APS deals with investment, management and recovery of loan portfolios and real estate in central and south-eastern Europe, managing claims with a total value of over 4.4 billion euros ($4.69 billion), according to information on its website.
It gained a foothold in Hungary this year by acquiring a distressed mortgage portfolio from the Hungarian unit of Italy's largest bank, UniCredit. ($1 = 0.9384 euros) ($1 = 290.87 forints) (Reporting by Gergely Szakacs; editing by Susan Thomas)
May 2 Suez Canal Bank:
* Appoints Hussein Ahmed Ismail El Refaie as chairman and managing director Source:(bit.ly/2p0WwO7) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - LIVECHAT SOFTWARE SA:
* NUMBER OF CLIENTS USING PAID VERSION OF LIVECHAT AT 23,370 AS OF FEB. 1 VERSUS 18,316 YEAR AGO Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Home and lifestyle retailer Harvey Norman has apologised to customers after suffering a data breach through the systems of a third party website service provider.
Harvey Norman operates 13 outlets in the Republic and two stores in Northern Ireland. Its 13th store in the Republic was opened last year after it acquired a 60,000sq ft facility in Tallaght's Airton Retail Park.
The company wrote to customers on Tuesday warning that names, email addresses, and telephone numbers “may have been compromised”.
“We wish to alert you to a data breach that has occurred in the systems of a third party website service provider, Typeform, which has resulted in the unauthorised access to some Harvey Norman data,” it said.
Typeform provides survey and online form software which is used on Harvey Norman's website.
On Monday, London's famous upmarket food store Fortnum and Mason said around 23,000 of its customers had been contacted over a data breach at Typeform.
The retailer, which has a history stretching back more than 300 years and is known for its hampers and its links to royalty, said for the majority of people, only their email address has been exposed.
In its letter to customers on Wednesday, Harvey Norman said names and email addresses had also been affected.
“As a result of this breach some of your personal data may have been compromised,” it said. “This data includes your name, email address and your telephone number.
“No sensitive personal data such as payment data, bank details or passwords are involved.”
The letter said the company was notified of the breach on June 29th and informed the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner.
“Typeform has assured us they have taken all of the necessary steps to secure the data they hold and we have instructed them to delete all personal data belonging to our customers from their systems immediately,” Harvey Norman said.
“We recommend that you take some additional measures in the management of your emails to identify any phishing or scam emails.
“In particular, if you receive any email from Harvey Norman asking for payment, a credit card number, or any other confidential information, do not answer and contact us immediately.
“Harvey Norman understands that the safety and protection of the personal information you provide us with is of the utmost importance. We take the protection of that information very seriously and we are very sorry to have to notify you of this situation.”
Harvey Norman stemmed losses last year after recording its sixth consecutive year of overall sales growth, accounts filed in May show.
The Australian-headquartered retailer recorded a loss before tax of €463,254 for the year ended June 30th, 2017, a reduction of 63 per cent on the previous year.
Group turnover rose 0.9 per cent to €182.5 million, ultimately resulting in an operating profit of €917,408.
“The Republic of Ireland business doubled its profitability in 2017, and the ongoing restructure in our Northern Ireland business will contribute to a significant reduction in losses,” the company said in a business review.
“The directors are confident that the group will return to overall profitability in the near term.”
March 29 Eldorado Resorts Inc
* Eldorado Resorts Inc - on March 28, entered into amendment no. 1 to certain credit agreement, dated as of July 23, 2015 - SEC filing
* Eldorado Resorts Inc - Eagle II, a wholly-owned subsidiary of company, issued $375 million aggregate principal amount of 6 pct senior notes due 2025
* Eldorado Resorts Inc - interest on notes will be paid every six months in arrears on April 1 and October 1, commencing October 1, 2017
* Eldorado Resorts - proceeds of offering initially will be placed in escrow pending satisfaction of certain conditions, including consummation of deal Source text: (bit.ly/2nMRvvW) Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Tenet Healthcare Corp:
* TENET ISSUES STATEMENT
* TENET HEALTHCARE - ‍RECEIVED PROPOSAL BY GLENVIEW CAPITAL TO AMEND CO‘S BYLAWS TO INCLUDE PROVISION TO ALLOW SHAREHOLDERS TO ACT BY WRITTEN CONSENT​
* TENET HEALTHCARE SAYS IS REVIEWING GLENVIEW CAPITAL SUBMISSION TO AMEND CO‘S BYLAWS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
His father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — As Ohio seeks to recover over $60 million from a giant online charter school that closed, the attorney general says the school founder and his two businesses should be on the hook for that public funding.
Founder Bill Lager's for-profit companies were paid to provide management and software services for the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow.
In a court filing, Attorney General Mike DeWine argues that violated Lager's fiduciary duty to ECOT and that the public contracts were void. DeWine indicated he'll seek to recover money from Lager and the companies.
An ECOT attorney isn't commenting on that.
Advertisement
ECOT has challenged how Ohio tallied student participation to determine a clawback of nearly $80 million, some of which already was collected. ECOT is awaiting an Ohio Supreme Court ruling in that case.
The iPhone X offers a variety of cutting edge features, such as Face ID technology, and it supports native wireless charging – just as the iPhone 8 line does.
Apple's iPhone X supports fast-charging via its wired Lightning connector and 7.5W wireless charging through a Qi-compatible pad or dock. (Many new cars also come with a Qi-based wireless charging pad option, which will work with the iPhone 8 and iPhone X models.)
Apple stores sell both Belkin and Mophie brand wireless charging pads, which it claims represents “the best implementation of the Qi standard.” But those models are also pricey (as much as $60) and you can use any pad or dock that conforms to the Qi-wireless charging specification.
“Fast charging” is basically anything greater than a standard 5W of power transfer. While it remains to be seen what Apple's upcoming AirPower charging pad will enable in terms of fast charging – 7.5W or 15W (the Qi specification supports both) – currently “fast charging” an iPhone X using 7.5W will bring it to 50% after a half hour. (Fast charging is expected to arrive with iOS 11.2.)
Two things to look for in a wireless charger are an LED light to indicate when the phone is properly aligned to receive a charge and foreign object detection, which ensures foreign metal objects will not heat up if they come in contact with the charging pad or dock.
A billboard carrying a picture of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and a slogan reading, 'People say Yes, the Republic gets stronger', is pictured ahead of the constitutional referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Women wave 'Yes' flags at a campaign office of the ruling AK Party for the upcoming referendum in central Istanbul, Turkey April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Supporters of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan cheer during a rally for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
A billboard carrying a picture of Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and a slogan that reads: 'Yes. It is for the people to speak and to decide' is seen on a building ahead of the constitutional referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
An 'Evet', 'Yes' in English, supporter sits at a campaign point for the upcoming referendum in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
'Evet', 'Yes' in English, supporters demonstrate for the upcoming referendum near a campaign point in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
'Evet', 'Yes' in English, supporters demonstrate for the upcoming referendum near a campaign point in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
Women wave 'Yes' flags at a campaign office of the ruling AK Party for the upcoming referendum in central Istanbul, Turkey April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
'Evet', 'Yes' in English, supporters demonstrate for the upcoming referendum near a campaign point in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
'Evet', 'Yes' in English, supporters demonstrate for the upcoming referendum near a campaign point in Istanbul, Turkey, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ISTANBUL A narrow majority of Turks will vote "Yes" in Sunday's referendum on changing the constitution to grant President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers, two opinion polls showed on Thursday.
The April 16 vote will decide on the biggest change in Turkey's system of governance since the modern republic's foundation almost a century ago, potentially replacing its parliamentary system with an executive presidency.
Polling company Konda said the number of "yes" voters stood at 51.5 percent, but said its survey had a margin of error of plus or minus 2.4 percent.
"When this forecast is considered within the survey's margin of error, a final judgement might be misleading," Konda said in a statement.
Its survey, carried out face-to-face with 3,462 people in 30 provinces on April 7-9, showed turnout for the vote would be around 90 percent. It said the level of undecided voters had fallen to 9 percent from more than 20 percent in January and there was no evidence to indicate their preference..
The survey by pollster Gezici put support for the constitutional change at 51.3 percent, with "no" votes at 48.7 percent after the distribution of undecided voters.
The poll was carried out face-to-face with some 1,400 people in 10 provinces on April 8-9. In its previous survey a week earlier it put the "yes" vote at 53.3 percent.
Gezici said many people did not want to express their views during the poll's fieldwork. It put the level of undecided voters at 9.9 percent.
"One of the basic problems with the work during the referendum process was the evident increase in the level of people's concern about expressing themselves," Gezici said in its analysis of the results.
Two other surveys on Wednesday showed the "yes" vote on 51-52 percent. The mean average of nine polls collated by Reuters puts the "yes" vote on 50.9 percent
The referendum campaign has damaged Turkey's ties with some European allies. Erdoğan has described the banning on security grounds of some rallies by Turkish ministers in the Netherlands and Germany as "Nazi-like" tactics.
Voting for Turks living abroad finished on Sunday and Erdoğan said this week that those overseas had turned out in greater numbers, a development that pollsters say could benefit him.
(Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Dominic Evans and David Dolan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 (Reuters) -
* Writers Guild of America says reaches tentative agreement with AMPTP
* WGA - "We made gains in minimums across the board – as well as contribution increases to our health plan that should ensure its solvency for years to come"
* WGA - Won 15 percent increase in Pay TV residuals and residuals for comedy-variety writers in PAY TV Source: bit.ly/2pDrsbs
A person walks in front of Banca Popolare di Vicenza headquater is seen in Vicenza, Italy, March 5, 2016. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini
MILAN Senior bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Vicenza fell sharply on Wednesday, hit by concerns that the Italian regional bank and local rival Veneto Banca may not qualify for a state bailout they need to stay afloat.
Popolare di Vicenza reported on Tuesday a 1.9 billion euro (1.65 billion pounds) loss for 2016 hit by writedowns of doubtful loans and other assets.
It also said a key indicator of its ability to meet short-term cash outflows - the liquidity coverage ratio - fell to 38 percent at the end of last year, well below an ECB threshold of 90 percent, after it lost 3 billion euros in direct funding. The ratio stood at 113 percent in June.
The bank warned it had suffered significant deposit outflows this month as customers withdrew their money due to worries about its future and possible losses under European "bail-in" rules aimed at shielding taxpayers from bank rescues.
Both Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca have requested state aid but they must be deemed solvent by European regulators to be allowed to receive public support.
By 0745 GMT an Oct. 2018 Popolare di Vicenza bond IT098532650= yielded 24.19 percent, up from 20.71 percent at Tuesday's close. The yield on a March 2020 bond IT120564404= was up to 14.59 percent from 13.15 percent.
Traders said some selling also hit bonds issued by Veneto Banca, which is yet to publish its full-year earnings.
(Reporting by Valentina Za, editing by Silvia aloisi)
LONDON Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix will expose McLaren and Honda's weaknesses more starkly than last month's season-opening race in Australia, according to Formula One team racing director Eric Boullier.
Double world champion Fernando Alonso ran in the top 10 but failed to finish in Melbourne on March 26 while the Spaniard's new Belgian teammate, Stoffel Vandoorne, was 13th but last on the road.
"I can predict that we won't be as fortuitous with our pace, compared to our rivals, as we were in Australia," Boullier said in a team preview.
"The characteristics of the Shanghai International Circuit are very different from Melbourne, and its long, fast straights will likely expose the weaknesses in our package more than Albert Park did."
McLaren and engine partners Honda endured a difficult pre-season with reliability problems limiting their mileage in testing.
The former champions had hoped to take a big step up in 2017, after two years of struggle with Honda in the new V6 turbo hybrid era, but instead are looking likely to go back down the pecking order.
They finished sixth last year after ending 2015 ninth.
While Alonso exceeded expectations in Australia, he has not spared Honda in highlighting the lack of performance compared to rivals with Mercedes, Ferrari and Renault power units.
"We are last in terms of performance," he told reporters in Australia. "In normal conditions on a normal circuit we should be last and second last."
Honda's F1 head, Yusuke Hasegawa, recognised Australia had been tough and agreed with Boullier that another difficult weekend was in store in the second race of the season.
He said, with more than a hint of understatement, that there was "room for improvement when it comes to performance".
"We expect the Chinese Grand Prix to be even more challenging," added Hasegawa. "The race is always a bit of an unknown due to the changeable weather conditions, which affects the set-up and balance of the car.
"The track itself also places a lot of stress on the power unit with its slow- and medium-speed corners, and two very long straights. The key will be preparation and set-up."
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel leads the standings after winning in Melbourne with Lewis Hamilton second for champions Mercedes.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Mark Heinrich)
The 2018 edition of the World Series of Poker is kicking off in Las Vegas with 78 high-stakes card tournaments.
The 50-day series that opened Tuesday is expected to again draw tens of thousands of players from around the world to compete for millions of dollars in prize money and gold championship bracelets.
The tournaments run through July 17 at the Rio All-Suite Hotel and Casino. Buy-ins range from $365 to $1 million.
The annual poker extravaganza shattered its attendance record last year with almost 121,000 entrants. They played for more than $231 million in prize money.
The tournament's famed no-limit Texas Hold'em main event will kick off July 2. Unlike last year, the final nine players will not get a two-day break between when the table is set and when play begins.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
April 28Sunflower Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd :
* Sees H1 FY 2017 net profit to decrease by 10 percent to increase by 20 percent, or to be 149.5 million yuan to 199.4 million yuan
* Says H1 FY 2016 net profit was 166.2 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is uncertainty due to industry policy adjustment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/iyAgcr
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
(Reuters Health) - Many people are exposed to dangerously loud sounds at work and at play, and most of them don't wear ear plugs or take other steps to prevent hearing loss, a recent U.S. study suggests.
Almost 49 million adults work in very noisy conditions, and more than one-third of them never use hearing protection, the study found. Among leisure pursuits, firearms pose a particular risk and just 59 percent of the 35 million U.S. gun users represented in the study wear hearing protection all the time.
"The problem here is both the number of people using firearms and the potential noise-inducing hearing loss from the repeated gunfire," said senior study author Dr. Neil Bhattacharyya of Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
"A rifle has an extremely loud single burst of sound and if you are firing hundreds of rounds, that can be very damaging, particularly without hearing protection," Bhattacharyya said by email.
To assess how often U.S. adults are exposed to loud noise and how regularly they take steps to protect against hearing loss, researchers examined 2014 survey data representing 240 million people.
Overall, 22 percent were exposed to “very loud” sounds at work requiring them to shout to be heard at arm's length. The exposures were for at least four hours a day, several days a week.
Roughly one in five people were exposed to loud sounds outside of work, and 62 percent of them didn't use hearing protection, researchers report in The Laryngoscope.
With firearms, researchers found that one in five people who shot more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition in the past year never used hearing protection. Most of the firearm-related noise exposure came during recreational shooting.
Lawn mowers were the most common source of non-occupational noise exposure.
Almost two-thirds of people around loud noises during recreational activities never used any hearing protection.
One limitation of the study is that it only included one year of survey data, the authors note. It also didn't have medical records to document specific hearing or health problems associated with noise.
"Untreated hearing loss is associated with increased stress, depression and social withdrawal, and may exacerbate problems for those with cognitive changes such as dementia," said Dr. Jennifer Derebery of the House Ear Clinic and Institute and the University of California Los Angeles David Geffen School of Medicine.
If people aren't sure whether the noise around them is loud enough to damage their ears, they can get a sound meter app for their phone and use ear plugs or other protection whenever the app shows the sound is too loud, Derebery, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
And there are good options for people to wear when they still need to hear the sounds around them, a concern for many hunters and concert goers.
"There are outstanding electronic ear muff and ear plug options that solve many of the complaints that recreational shooters and hunters have related to conventional hearing protection," said Colleen Le Prell, an audiology researcher at the University of Texas at Dallas who wasn't involved in the study.
"They allow quiet sounds, such as speech and sounds the hunter might be making as they walk, to be not only delivered but amplified, which can be very useful with someone who already has some hearing loss," Le Prell said by email. "Hearing loss can be prevented, with the consistent and correct use of hearing protection devices."
SOURCE: bit.ly/2oEsOlz Laryngoscope, online March 16, 2017.
Reuters sports schedule at 0600 GMT on Monday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters
Garcia celebrates after finally ending major drought
We examine how Sergio Garcia's victory at the Masters on Sunday fits into the big picture after a week that started with talk about the absence of Tiger Woods and Dustin Johnson finished with a titanic battle between European giants Garcia and Justin Rose. (GOLF-MASTERS/ (PIX), expect by 2300 GMT/6 PM ET, 500 words)
SOCCER
Premier League
Arsenal visit Palace as race for top-four spot heats up
LONDON - Arsenal travel to Crystal Palace needing a win to keep themselves in the hunt for a Premier League top four spot, while the home side are battling to stay out of the bottom three and are desperate for points. (SOCCER-ENGLAND-CRY-ARS/ expect by 2200 GMT/6 PM ET, 400 words)
LONDON - We will also have the latest news following the weekend's Premier League matches. (SOCCER-ENGLAND-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Champions League
Alves out to remind Barça what they are missing
BARCELONA - Juventus right back Dani Alves gets ready to face former club Barcelona in a Champions League quarter-final first leg. Alves spent eight trophy laden seasons with the Catalans, who have struggled to find a suitable replacement for the exuberant Brazilian. (SOCCER-CHAMPIONS-JUV-FCB-ALVES/, expect by 1200 GMT/8 AM ET, by Richard Martin, 500 words)
Old colleagues Ancelotti and Zidane reunited in Munich
BARCELONA - Carlo Ancelotti and Zinedine Zidane spent one season together as coach and assistant at Real Madrid and will be reunited as opposite numbers when Bayern Munich meet Real in a Champions League quarter final first leg. (SOCCER-CHAMPIONS-BAY-MAD-ANCELOTTI/ expect by 1500 GMT/11 AM ET by Richard Martin 500 words)
CONCACAF announcement
US-Canada-Mexico combined World Cup bid expected
NEW YORK - The United States, Canada and Mexico soccer federations have scheduled a major announcement, widely expected to launch a bid to jointly host the 2026 Soccer World Cup. (SOCCER-WORLDCUP/CONCACAF, expect by 1830 GMT/2:30 PM ET, by Larry Fine, 400 words)
RUGBY
Brumbies in the clear, Australia to axe one of Force, Rebels
SYDNEY - The Australian team to be axed from Super Rugby for next season will be either the Western Force or the Melbourne Rebels after the ACT Brumbies were removed from the process, the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) said on Monday. (RUGBY-UNION-SUPER/AUSTRALIA, moved, 300 words)
CRICKET
IPL's Afghan pioneer Rashid longs for long form
NEW DELHI - Two matches into his maiden Indian Premier League stint and Rashid Khan has already set the tournament alight but the teenaged Afghan spinner maintains his ultimate dream is to play test cricket. (CRICKET-INDIA/IPL-RASHID (INTERVIEW, PIX), expect by 0700 GMT/3 AM ET, by Amlan Chakraborty, 550 words)
NBA
Cavs and Celtics vie to top spot in East
The Cleveland Cavaliers and Boston Celtics are tied atop the Eastern Conference at 51-29 with two games of the regular season left. The Cavs appear to have the tougher task when they face the Miami Heat, whose playoff hopes are still alive, while the Celtics will be hot favorites against the Brooklyn Nets, two of the nine games on the National Basketball Association schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0700 GMT/2 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange)
BASEBALL
Cubs, Dodgers open series
The World Series champion Chicago Cubs send Jon Lester to the mound to open a three-game series against the Los Angeles Dodgers, while aces are wild in Detroit with the Tigers expected to start Justin Verlander against Chris Sale of the Boston Red Sox in two of 10 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/ expect by 0430 GMT/12:30 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 600 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (Expect by 0100 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words) (Asia desk editor: Peter Rutherford)
April 5 Sunpower Corp:
* Sunpower comments on First Solar's announcement concerning its interests in 8point3 Energy Partners
* Sunpower-Evaluating strategic options for Yieldco JV, 8point3 Energy Partners, after announcement by its JV General Partner, First Solar regarding 8point3
* Sunpower - Co, First Solar will coordinate review, which will include, but is not limited to, a potential replacement partner for First Solar Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
MUMBAI, April 20 Goldman Sachs will sell shares worth up to $123 million in India's Max Financial Services Ltd on Friday, according to a deal term sheet seen by Reuters.
Goldman will sell up to 3.74 percent stake in Max Financial in a block trade, the term sheet revealed.
The share sale's floor price has been set at 607 rupees apiece. Max Financial shares closed at 650.95 rupees on Thursday on the National Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Savio Shetty and S. Anuradha of IFR; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - North Korea violated United Nations sanctions to earn nearly $200 million in 2017 from banned commodity exports, according to a confidential report by independent U.N. monitors, which also accused Pyongyang of supplying weapons to Syria and Myanmar.
The report to a U.N. Security Council sanctions committee, seen by Reuters on Friday, said North Korea had shipped coal to ports, including in Russia, China, South Korea, Malaysia and Vietnam, mainly using false paperwork that showed countries such as Russia and China as the coal origin, instead of North Korea.
The 15-member council has unanimously boosted sanctions on North Korea since 2006 in a bid to choke funding for Pyongyang's nuclear and ballistic missile programs, banning exports including coal, iron, lead, textiles and seafood, and capping imports of crude oil and refined petroleum products.
“The DPRK (North Korea) is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries and the international banking system,” the U.N. monitors wrote in the 213-page report.
The North Korean mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report. Russia and China have repeatedly said they are implementing U.N. sanctions on North Korea.
SYRIA, MYANMAR
The monitors said they had investigated ongoing ballistic missile cooperation between Syria and Myanmar, including more than 40 previously unreported North Korea shipments between 2012 and 2017 to Syria's Scientific Studies and Research Centre, which oversees the country's chemical weapons program.
The investigation has shown “further evidence of arms embargo and other violations, including through the transfer of items with utility in ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs,” the U.N. monitors wrote.
They also inspected cargo from two North Korea shipments intercepted by unidentified countries en route to Syria. Both contained acid-resistant tiles that could cover an area equal to a large scale industrial project, the monitors reported.
One country, which was not identified, told the monitors the seized shipments can “be used to build bricks for the interior wall of a chemical factory.”
Syria agreed to destroy its chemical weapons in 2013. However, diplomats and weapons inspectors suspect Syria may have secretly maintained or developed a new chemical weapons capability.
FILE PHOTO: A North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/Files
The Syrian mission to the United Nations did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the U.N. report.
The U.N. monitors also said one country, which they did not identify, reported it had evidence that Myanmar received ballistic missile systems from North Korea, along with conventional weapons, including multiple rocket launchers and surface-to-air missiles.
Myanmar U.N. Ambassador Hau Do Suan said the Myanmar government “has no ongoing arms relationship, whatsoever, with North Korea” and is abiding by the U.N. Security Council resolutions.
BANNED EXPORTS, IMPORTS
Under a 2016 resolution, the U.N. Security Council capped coal exports and required countries to report any imports of North Korean coal to the council sanctions committee. It then banned all exports of coal by North Korea on Aug. 5.
The U.N. monitors investigated 16 coal shipments between January and Aug. 5 to ports in Russia, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. They said Malaysia reported one shipment to the council committee and the remaining 15 shipments violated sanctions.
After the coal ban was imposed on Aug. 5, the U.N. monitors investigated 23 coal shipments to ports in Russia, China, South Korea and Vietnam. The U.N. monitors said all those shipments “would constitute a violation of the resolution, if confirmed.”
“The DPRK combined deceptive navigation patterns, signals manipulation, transshipments as well as fraudulent documentation to obscure the origin of the coal,” the monitors said.
The U.N. monitors “also investigated cases of ship-to-ship transfers of petroleum products in violation (of U.N. sanctions) ... and found that the network behind these vessels is primarily based in Taiwan province of China.”
The monitors said one country, which they did not name, told them North Korea had carried out such transfers off its ports of Wonsan and Nampo and in international waters between the Yellow Sea and East China Sea between October and January.
The report said several multinational oil companies, which were not named, were also being investigated for roles in the supply chain of petroleum products transferred to North Korea.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
NEW YORK, March 29 Republicans mostly blame the U.S. Congress, and not President Donald Trump or party leaders, for failing to pass their party's healthcare overhaul, according to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday.
The March 25-28 poll asked who should take responsibility for the failure of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), which Republican leaders pulled from consideration last week without a vote.
Besides Trump, who backed the bill, and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan, who was expected to shepherd it through Congress, the poll asked if people blamed House Republicans, House Democrats or the media.
Republicans were most likely to blame Congress. Some 26 percent said House Democrats were most responsible and 23 percent blamed House Republicans. Another 13 percent blamed Trump and 10 percent blamed Ryan. Only 8 percent blamed the media.
Their assessment appeared to align with Trump's criticism of Democratic leaders and the conservative Freedom Caucus, whom he blamed for the bill's failure.
Overall, nearly one in four Americans, including Democrats and independents, blamed Trump. Ryan, Congress and the media received less criticism.
The Republican reform was widely criticized after estimates by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office showed 24 million people could lose their health insurance over the next 10 years.
Trump said on Tuesday he still thinks healthcare reform can happen "very quickly" in Washington, but he did not offer any specifics on how it could get done, or what would be changed from the previous bill.
Nearly half of all Americans said they would like to see that happen, though the response was split along party lines. Some 80 percent of Republicans said they would like to see their party take another swing at a bill, compared with only 25 percent of Democrats.
In a separate poll conducted between Jan.7-23, 46 percent of Americans wanted to keep Obamacare, the popular name for President Barack Obama's healthcare reform, while fixing “problem areas,” and another 8 percent wanted to keep it exactly as it is.
The Reuters/Ipsos poll was conducted online in English in all 50 states. The March 25-28 poll included 1,332 people, including 456 Republicans and 558 Democrats. It has a credibility interval, a measure of accuracy, of 3 percentage points for the entire group and 5 percentage points for Democrats and Republicans. (Reporting by Chris Kahn, editing by Ross Colvin)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. May 2 Three U.S. chief executive officers speaking at a conference on Tuesday pushed back against the view that qualified female directors are scarce, saying that corporate boards need to look harder and wider to diversify.
The U.S. military, corporate subsidiaries and non-profit boards were three areas cited as potential launching pads for female directors.
The push for more women on boards comes as some large investors make the case that more board diversity leads to stronger corporate performance.
"Instead of recruiting being episodic, let's look out over a couple of years and start getting to know some potential candidates," said Denise Morrison, CEO of Campbell Soup Co . Morrison stressed the need to create pipeline of diverse director candidates, and suggested the boards of non-profit companies as an excellent training ground.
Morrison was speaking on the "How to accelerate gender diversity on boards" panel at the Milken Institute Global Conference.
Women hold 19 percent of board seats in the United States, according to a McKinsey Quarterly report published this year by the consultant, well below the 30 percent they hold in Europe. Equilar, which compiles board data, said in a January study that it will take nearly 40 years for Russell 3000 boards of directors to reach a male-female ratio of 50-50 (bit.ly/2kTTNZA).
Morrison said that years ago, she began organizing dinners with around 20 entrepreneurial women in cities she visits for work. The group, which focuses on leadership, is now comprised of more than 300 women across 12 U.S. cities, she said.
NV Tyagarajan, CEO of business processing company Genpact Ltd, said on the panel that executive recruiting firms - or so-called headhunters - struggle to produce lists of diverse candidates.
In response to that perception of scarcity, several databases and lists of diverse director candidates have formed in the last year. California pension funds CalSTRS and CalPERS partnered in the creation of the Diverse Director Datasource in 2016. Entrepreneur Sukhinder Singh Cassidy launched the Boardlist last year to connect boards with 1,000 female candidates.
"There are numerous studies out there, including our own work, showing companies that had leadership that included a high proportion of women on boards, high proportion of women in top and senior management just performed better," said panelist Ronald O'Hanley CEO of State Street Global Advisors (SSGA), the investment manager with $2.6 trillion under management
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
BRIEF-NARI Technology says dividend payment date on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.3 yuan per share (before tax) for FY 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Department of the Interior this week quietly removed Obama-era reforms to the leasing of federal land for oil and gas drilling in a move to “simplify and streamline” the process, according to a memo sent to field staff on Wednesday.
The instruction memorandum sent to field officials by the acting director of the Interior's Bureau of Land Management updated the review process for leasing out federal land for oil and gas production to speed up permitting of new lease sales.
The memo effectively erases the reforms implemented by the Obama administration aimed at including input from environmentalists and local tourist industry groups in the process of leasing federal land for drilling, which the oil and gas industry said was time-consuming and redundant.
“This (Instructional Memorandum) aims to simplify and streamline the leasing process for more efficient and effective oil and gas lease management,” the memo said, adding that policy changes would result in “additional revenue from increased lease sales” and reduced costs for environmental reviews and responses to protests.
The new policy would limit the environmental review of a specific lease sale to six months and no longer requires site visits by BLM officials.
“The clear direction is to issue as many leases as possible, as quickly as possible, without considering resource conflicts or the desires of local communities,” said Nada Culver, senior counsel at the Wilderness Society, a public lands advocacy group.
The previous administration decided to reform how oil and gas leases were approved after nearly 80 leases on land near national parks and monuments in Utah had to be canceled by BLM amid a barrage of lawsuits by environmental groups.
Under the Trump administration's “energy dominance” agenda, the Interior Department has taken steps to undo environmental regulations and open up more federal land and waters to energy exploration.
May 2 Hareon Solar Technology Co Ltd :
* Says co plans to invest 5 million yuan to set up a capital management JV in Beijing with partners, and will own 10 percent stake in it
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/KIaX88
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
DUBAI May 2 An overnight drop in crude oil prices may weigh on investors' sentiment towards the Gulf equity markets on Tuesday, while the largest petrochemical producer in the region, Saudi Basic Industries, may help buoy the Riyadh index as its profit almost doubled in the first quarter.
Brent crude futures were at $51.46 a barrel at 0502 GMT, slightly below the previous close and around the one-year average price of $50.70.
Saudi Basic Industries (SABIC), which makes up just a little under one-fifth of the Saudi stock market's total market value, reported a first-quarter net profit of 5.24 billion riyals ($1.40 billion), an 80 percent jump from a year earlier.
The figure was broadly in line with analysts' forecast of 5.35 billion riyals, but nevertheless investors may be encouraged to take fresh positions, especially ahead of the country's pending inclusion into international emerging market benchmarks.
"SABIC is a top contender in its industry on a global front, its margins are very healthy, it has an attractive dividend yield of around 4 percent and when the time comes and Saudi is included in MSCI EM index, SABIC will be the one to keep a close eye on," said a Jeddah-based portfolio manager.
SABIC's stock price, last at 99.75 riyals, is up 9 percent year-to-date, outperforming its index, which is down almost 3 percent over the same time period.
Meanwhile, other markets may move little with trade focused on small- and mid-sized companies favoured by local speculative traders. Dubai's index has been trapped in a narrow range in the last five sessions and near a 20-week low. Qatar's index is technically bearish, trading near a mid-December low. (Reporting by Celine Aswad; Editing by Subhranshu Sahu)
BERLIN Germany will strive in Brexit negotiations to make sure there is as little disruption as possible to the lives of European Union citizens living in Britain, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday.
Stressing that she hoped Britain and the EU would remain close partners, Merkel told members of her conservative party that the prospect of Brexit made many people in Europe worried about their own personal future.
"This is the case especially for the many Germans and European citizens in Britain. Therefore, the German government will work intensively to make sure the effect on the everyday lives of those people is as small as possible," she said.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers and Paul Carrel)
UK's WS Atkins FY pretax profit up 18 pct on N.American business
June 15 WS Atkins, a British engineering and design consultancy, said its full-year pretax profit rose about 18 percent, helped by its North American business.
SHANGHAI The automotive industry's seemingly inexorable drive towards electric cars - and especially Chinese polices pushing new energy vehicles - has forced Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T), the world's No.2 automaker by sales, into what one executive calls an "agonizing" strategy U-turn.
Until recently, Toyota was one of the industry's major hold-outs against full electrification, and planned to more or less skip all-electric battery cars and turn instead to hydrogen as a mainstream alternative to gasoline-fueled cars.
In 2013, Toyota Chairman Takeshi Uchiyamada, father of the gasoline-electric hybrid Prius, told Reuters the hydrogen car was a "practical alternative" to the traditional combustion engine, and if there was any use for the electric vehicle (EV),it was "only as a neighborhood errands car".
Fast-forward to late last year, and Toyota said it had begun developing a long-range all-electric battery car, which industry experts say should hit the market around 2020. The Japanese firm has put its president, Akio Toyoda, in charge of a new unit called the EV Business Planning Department.
One Toyota executive, who did not want to be named as he is not authorized to speak to the media, said the strategy about-turn was "agonizing" and "heart-wrenching".
Toyota had for some time predicted conventional hybrids and plug-in hybrids would be a medium-term bridge to hydrogen-powered cars of the future.
In late 2014, Toyota launched the Mirai, a hydrogen fuel-cell car, selling in Japan for 7.24 million yen ($66,636)before subsidies and rebates. The model retails in the United States at $57,700 before subsidies.
The game-changer for Toyota is China - the world's biggest market and one where tough policies to push cleaner energy cars have challenged global automakers.
Latest draft proposals from Chinese policymakers, released in September, require 8 percent of automakers' sales to be battery electric or plug-in hybrid vehicles by next year, rising to 10 percent in 2019 and 12 percent in 2020.
After some industry push back, the scale and pace of those plans may shift, but Toyota and other automakers don't see much changing fundamentally in China's drive to electrification by around 2020.
"Those mandates are tough to the point it could wreck our fundamental business case," said another Toyota executive.
Toyota is particularly exercised by China's proposed policy move to categorize conventional hybrids, like the Prius, as gasoline-fueled cars. That would mean conventional hybrids would not generate what China calls new-energy vehicle (NEV)credits, which automakers could use to meet strict fuel economy rules.
Under the proposals, each hybrid an automaker would sell inChina would set them back by one NEV credit point. "The Prius and other hybrid cars are central to our green car strategy," said one of the Toyota executives.
"But in China's view, the Prius is no more than a gasoline car. We have no choice but to get over our EV allergy and come up with an electric car."
Hiroji Onishi, the head of Toyota's China business, said on Tuesday ahead of this week's Shanghai auto show that the Japanese firm would start selling plug-in electric hybrid cars in China next year, and aimed to sell an all-electric battery car in China, but gave no time frame.
At a briefing on Wednesday, Onishi said this wouldn't mean Toyota will de-emphasize sales of conventional gas-electric hybrid cars in China.
Because automakers in China are expected to have to meet stringent fuel-economy requirements in addition to new energy vehicle quotas in coming years, Toyota will try to sell more conventional hybrids in an effort to meet fuel economy requirements, he said.
Toyota sold close to 300,000 vehicles in China inJanuary-March, up 1.7 percent on the same period a year ago.
(Reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu in SHANGHAI; Editing by Joe White and Ian Geoghegan)
NEW DELHI England all-rounder Ben Stokes proved the $2.17 million that Rising Pune Supergiants splashed to secure his service in the Indian Premier League was a smart investment as he blasted a match-winning century against Gujarat Lions on Monday.
Local media were amused by Pune's desperation in February's players auction to land the 25-year-old who was famously clobbered for four successive sixes by West Indies' Carlos Brathwaite in the final of last year's World Twenty20 at Eden Gardens.
But the league's most expensive overseas player smashed a fifty in his second outing and won his first two man-of-the-match awards with clever bowling against Royal Challengers Bangalore and table-toppers Mumbai Indians.
The batting pyrotechnics he is famous for finally manifested on Monday when he battled cramps to blast an unbeaten 103 off 63 balls and secure a five-wicket victory against the Lions.
The hosts had been reeling at 10-3 in their chase of 162 when Stokes walked out to bat and the tattooed all-rounder went on to hit six sixes and seven boundaries.
"That was an amazing innings -- under pressure, came in at three for nothing and to play the way he did, he timed his innings beautifully and took the game on at the right time," Pune captain Steve Smith told reporters.
It was a personal satisfaction for the Australia skipper who played an important role in roping in Stokes.
"We were very excited to get him. I had said before the auction to the guys (owners), 'just do what you have to get him,'" Smith said.
"All-rounders are so valuable in T20 cricket and he bats, bowls and fields well. He's a perfect fit for our team, particularly after Mitchell Marsh was ruled out as well.
"He's done a terrific job for us," added Smith. "We paid a big amount to get him. We know he's a quality player. (He) certainly earned his cash tonight."
Smith's view was echoed in a headline in Tuesday's Indian Express newspaper, which gushed: "Ben $tokes rupays faith with a bang-for-the-buck century" -- 'rupay' being the plural of Indian rupees.
(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Ian Ransom)
Sinn Fein has come under attack from the leader of the SDLP over its abstentionist policy, questioning why the party is running at all in the upcoming West Tyrone by-election.
Colm Eastwood said that opinion about Brexit is so split in the House of Commons that every vote counts, and that by failing to take their seats in Parliament, Sinn Fein only “strengthens the hand of the DUP” on the issue.
He was speaking after the Ulster Herald newspaper quoted Ms McDonald as saying that the idea that “you stop Brexit or you save Ireland” by showing up to take seats in Westminster was “the stuff of fantasy”.
Mr Eastwood said: “It beggars belief that the Sinn Féin Leader's pitch to the public to elect an MP in West Tyrone is to say that Westminster doesn't matter – that in Westminster Brexit can't be stopped. Why then are Sinn Féin running in this election at all?”
Sinn Fein are overwhelming favourites to win the seat in West Tyrone on May 3, which was sparked by the resignation of Barry McElduff following the MP's controversial video which portrayed him balancing a loaf of Kingsmills bread on his head on the anniversary of the infamous republican massacre of the same name.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - BP Plc:
* ‍BP TO EXPAND RETAIL BUSINESS IN CHINA, PARTNERING WITH DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL ACROSS THREE PROVINCES​
* ‍SUBJECT TO REGULATORY APPROVALS, PARTNERSHIP WITH DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL WILL START OPERATIONS IN 2018 AND NETWORK IS EXPECTED TO GROW TO 500 SITES IN 10 YEARS​
* ‍BP HAS A 49 PCT EQUITY SHARE OF JOINT VENTURE AND DONGMING PETROCHEMICAL REMAINING 51 PCT​ Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - J Alexanders Holdings Inc:
* J ALEXANDERS HOLDINGS SAYS ON FEB 1, 2018, DEAL WITH 99 RESTAURANTS WAS TERMINATED DUE TO FAILURE TO OBTAIN REQUISITE SHAREHOLDER VOTE- SEC FILING Source text - bit.ly/2BQWVsR Further company coverage:
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of French food services and facilities management group Sodexo is seen at the company headquarters in Issy-les-Moulineaux near Paris, France, March 18, 2016. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes/File Photo GLOBAL BUSINESS WEEK AHEAD - SEARCH GLOBAL BUSINESS 10 APRIL FOR ALL IMAGES
PARIS French food services and facilities management group Sodexo (EXHO.PA) posted a rise in first-half earnings and maintained its target for full-year sales and operating profit.
Sodexo, which is the world's second-biggest catering company after Compass Group (CPG.L), said its first-half operating profit, before exceptional expenses, rose 7.7 percent from a year earlier to 723 million euros (£614.24 million).
The consensus operating profit forecast, according to forecasts compiled for Reuters by Inquiry Financial, stood at 697 million euros.
Sodexo, whose profit was boosted by solid performances in north America and Asia, said it expected operating profit growth between 8 percent and 9 percent over the full year and reiterated its medium-term objectives.
Sodexo's performance echoed that of its rival Compass, which in February also maintained its full-year outlook.
Sodexo, whose clients range from the Royal Ascot Racecourse in England to the U.S. Marine Corps, kept its medium-term goal of average annual revenue growth of between 4-7 percent and average annual operating profit growth of between 8-10 percent.
Sodexo shares closed at 112.60 euros on Wednesday. The stock is up around 3 percent so far in 2017, slightly underperforming a 5 percent gain on France's benchmark CAC-40 index .FCHI.
(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
MILAN (Reuters) - Napoli's recent results suggest they are running out of steam with less than half the season gone but coach Maurizio Sarri says his side are still full of beans.
Soccer Football - Champions League - Feyenoord vs Napoli - De Kuip, Rotterdam, Netherlands - December 6, 2017 Napoli coach Maurizio Sarri reacts REUTERS/Michael Kooren
Renowned for their free-scoring form and stylish approach work, Napoli have managed a paltry three goals in their last five league outings and missed a chance to go back to the top of Serie A when they were held 0-0 at home to Fiorentina on Sunday.
Sarri, though, said he saw an improvement over recent performances, particularly the 2-1 defeat to Feyenoord on Wednesday which ended the club's interest in this season's Champions League.
“I‘m relieved after this match because I saw that the team has found its desire again, its motivation and we had a good number of shots on goal,” he said.
Soccer Football - Serie A - Napoli vs Fiorentina - Stadio San Paolo, Naples, Italy - December 10, 2017 Napoli's Marek Hamsik looks dejected after the match with Dries Mertens and teammates REUTERS/Ciro De Luca
“Unlike the last games, we got better in the second half and we dominated. We may have missed our chances but we are on the right road.”
After winning their first eight league games of the season, Napoli's following eight games have produced a more modest four wins, three draws and a defeat.
Soccer Football - Serie A - Napoli vs Fiorentina - Stadio San Paolo, Naples, Italy - December 10, 2017 Napoli's Marek Hamsik in action REUTERS/Ciro De Luca
“The data shows that in physical terms we are much better than we were in October when we were winning all of our games,” said Sarri.
”We played our football and in the second half, we moved well off the ball which is the key,“ he said. ”Our finishing was off but we will start scoring again.
“I saw a healthy Napoli and if we had won 1-0, everyone would be saying that we are back on form again.”
April 20 ELISA OYJ
* Q1 REVENUE EUR 416 MILLION (REUTERS POLL EUR 414 MILLION)
* 2017 REVENUE IS ESTIMATED TO BE HIGHER THAN IN 2016
* Q1 PRE-TAX PROFIT EUR 84 MILLION (REUTERS POLL EUR 82.8 MILLION)
* Q1 EBITDA EUR 144 MILLION (REUTERS POLL EUR 143 MILLION)
* 2017 REVENUE IS ESTIMATED TO BE HIGHER THAN IN 2016
* 2017 COMPARABLE EBITDA IS ANTICIPATED TO BE HIGHER THAN IN 2016
* CAPITAL EXPENDITURE EXPECTED TO BE A MAXIMUM OF 13 PERCENT OF REVENUE Source text for Eikon: Link to Reuters poll:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
End
-- Beyond Beauty Boutique is happy to announce the launching of their new modern website theme, which has advanced technology improvements.June, 2017 from virginhairbundles.org, a company that specializes in distribution of high quality unprocessed pure human virgin hair extensions plus other hair related products online; announced the launching of its new modern website theme. The new theme has revamped their website allowing quick access to their products and features that enable visitors see the different types of virgin hair bundles available.This is new, but simple theme is part of the company's mission to offer the best to their customers with well organized content and images of Brazilian, Peruvian and Malaysian hair bundles, which improve interaction functionalities. The uncluttered design contains focused content making it the word's best platform for anyone who wants to buy virgin human hair bundles.Virgin hair bundles website will be updated regularly with news about the latest product launches, available discounts, business activities and other events. Visitors can access and explore the site at https://www.virginhairbundles.org . They can also leave a message or chat with their customer care if they need any help. To get the latest news, customers can sign up for the monthly newsletter and get to know the upcoming discounts and plan on time to shop when the prices are incredibly low.The website's new theme is aimed at reaching customers affectively. This is the only point where their buyers can see their virgin hair and purchase the bundles. As a full online store, an attractive and easy to navigate website will give the user a positive experience that will translate to high sales. The products are tested and suits their pricing based on the quality. This new theme is making the exciting virgin hair bundle deals eye catching and buyers can spot them as soon as they land on the site.The human hair bundles website incorporates modern practices while ensuring that their customers will enjoy continuous enhancements. Customers can navigate, select what to buy and make their transactions without experiencing any hitches.The home page has images of their products and highlights information needed by most visitors by introducing alerts with instant news and other important notifications at a glance. The website was initially effectively, but with the rapid changes in technology, they had to change the theme and make it trendy.
BRIEF-Clifton Bancorp Inc to pay $0.25 special dividend
* Clifton Bancorp Inc - declared a special cash dividend of $0.25 per share on its outstanding common stock, payable on or about July 13, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRAGUE, March 28 Here are news stories, press reports and events to watch which may affect Czech financial markets on Tuesday. ALL TIMES GMT (Czech Republic: GMT + 2 hours) =========================ECONOMIC DATA========================== Real-time economic data releases.................... Summary of economic data and forecasts........... Recently released economic data.................. Previous stories on Czech data............. **For a schedule of corporate and economic events: here#/2E/events-overview =========================NEWS=================================== CZECH PHILIP MORRIS: Tobacco group Philip Morris CR proposed dividend of CZK 1000/share, versus CZK 920/share from the previous year. Story: Related stories: TELECOMS: The Czech telecoms regulator opened an auction for high speed data networks. Story: Related stories: CEE MARKETS: The crown firmed in forwards deals on Monday as Czech markets started their final week before the central bank's "hard commitment" to keep its exchange rate floor in place expires. Story: Related stories: =========================PRESS DIGEST======================== OKD: New Industry Minister Jan Havlicek, who will be officially appointed on April 4, opposes a Finance Ministry plan for state firm Prisko to buy insolvent mining group OKD, saying state miner Diamo would be a better option. Diamo falls under the Industry Ministry's control while Prisko is controlled by the Finance Ministry. Hospodarske Noviny, page 4; previous story: (Reuters has not verified the stories, nor does it vouch for their accuracy.) For real-time stock market index quotes click in brackets: Warsaw WIG20 Budapest BUX Prague PX For updates on CEE currencies TOP NEWS -- Emerging markets Prague Newsroom: +420 224 190 477 E-mail: prague.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com ($1 = 24.8990 Czech crowns) (Reporting by Prague Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
Platypus milk might eventually save your life Modern medicine has done a great job at creating antibiotics to fight infection — in fact, it might be doing too good of a job. As antibiotic use has spiked...
We're getting even closer to creating 'superhumans' The human race has come a very long way in a short amount of time, but what is coming around the corner will change everything we thought we knew about...
Sorry: Sometimes drugs are vital to escaping depression Is clinical depression really just all in your head? It was once popular to say yes — and it's gaining purchase again. For example, Johann Hari's upcoming book, “Lost Connections,”...
Biologists believe finding viruses is first step to finding aliens The viruses are probably out there. Viruses are considered one of Earth's most abundant organisms – about 10 to 100 times more plentiful than anything else on Earth. But they're...
Women better at surviving crisis situations than men: study The “gentle sex” gives men a run for their money. Women are better than men at withstanding crisis conditions like severe famines, epidemics and slavery, according to a recent paper...
Climate change is turning baby green sea turtles female Climate change is creating a population crisis for Australia's green sea turtles. Rising temperatures are turning young green sea turtle populations almost entirely female, according to a new study published...
Humanity is screwed If you look at the entire timeline of human existence, we live longer in modern times than we ever have and we're continually beating world records with physical achievements that...
Scientist wins $3 million prize for work on plants that fight climate change A plant could eventually help cut atmospheric carbon dioxide, a major player in global warming, by as much as 50 percent. Dr. Joanne Chory was recently awarded the $3 million...
We all come from mushy sea sponges Planet Earth is teeming with interesting creatures of all shapes and sizes, but life on our little blue marble wasn't always so diverse. Science tells us that all the life...
PARIS, March 31 Further consolidation of the French telecoms sector would not benefit consumers while a new round of merger talks between France's four operators could delay investments, the head of the country's telecoms regulator said.
"Consolidation in neither necessary nor something to wish for," ARCEP head Sebastien Soriano told French daily Le Figaro.
Bouygues denied in March any talks with other operators about consolidating the telecoms sector.
Last year it failed to merge its Bouygues Telecom arm, France's third-biggest mobile operator, with market leader Orange and has said it can prosper on its own.
French telecoms operators have made "hefty investment efforts and are now in a position to operate in a market with four operators," Soriano said in the newspaper interview.
"A new round of talks between operators would make the sector lose another two years. This is the time to invest in fibre. If talks were to resume, ARCEP would be very vigilant." (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; editing by Alexander Smith)
May 2 Nexpoint Residential Trust Inc
* Q1 loss per share $0.17
* Q1 revenue rose 10.4 percent to $37 million
* Qtrly core FFO $0.38 per diluted share
* Nexpoint Residential Trust Inc - company is reaffirming its 2017 guidance range for revenue, net income, NOI, FFO, core FFO and AFFO
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.03, revenue view $36.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* FY2017 earnings per share view $0.12, revenue view $142.5 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text: (bit.ly/2qo29L7) Further company coverage:
TV dating show Take Me Out is to broadcast a special episode featuring contestants over the age of 50.
Host Paddy McGuinness will be joined by a special line-up of 30 single “golden girls” while three older gentlemen will brave the love lift in the programme airing next week.
A former nun, an ex-girlfriend of Hollywood actor Jason Statham and a lady on the lookout for husband number six will all feature.
Paddy McGuinness (Ian West/PA)
McGuinness said: “Proving that it's never too late to date, I've gathered together 30 fabulous older ladies hoping to match with the silver fox of their dreams. It's a really heart-warming show and a lot of fun.”
The ITV show is currently celebrating its 10th series and has seen seven couples wed and five babies born since launching.
– Take Me Out Over 50s special will air on ITV on June 9 at 8pm.
© Press Association 2018
Contact
Tami Blodgett
***@positivemediaventures.com Tami Blodgett
End
-- In the new book, Nurse SPARKS, Toni Gilbert, RN (ret), MA, ATC, writes about her introduction to archetypal energy and how it made her see her life and the world in a profound new way.In a story titled, "Conscious Archetypal Energy and Healing," Toni shares her journey and how she has used her knowledge and experiences to help others.Toni says, "Synchronistic events disrupt our everyday notions of reality, thus giving us a larger sense of the world in which we live. Indeed, such experiences---which the mystics write about---suggest that there is a direct interaction between the material world and our feelings, behaviors, and thoughts. Working with the healing arts such as Tarot, dreams and guided imagery often brings us closer to this mystical realm of experience, one that always enriches the healing potential within."Toni Gilbert, RN (ret), MA, ATC is a transpersonal counselor with a background in holistic nursing. As a professional with a formal education in nursing, psychology, and transpersonal studies, she offers clients an array of healing arts techniques to enhance wellness and prevent illness. She was the editor of the online magazine, Alternative Journal of Nursing and the founding director of the Oregon Holistic Nurses Association. Toni is the author of Messages from the Archetypes: Using Tarot for Healing and Spiritual Growth, published by White Cloud Press, Gaining Archetypal Vision: A Guidebook for Using Archetypes in Personal Growth and Healing by Schiffer Books and Images of Our Time: A history and pictures of a pioneer family. She has written for national and local publications and was a guest on multiple radio interviews. You may see her published articles and listen to her radio interviews on her personal website.Compiled by Authentic Messengers and Anita Stewart, RN, edited by Allison Saia, and published by Positive Media Press, Nurse SPARKS is filled with the stories of nurses from across the nation. Stories that reveal what it feels like to be working in a field that takes all of your heart and soul on a daily basis. A career that sometimes takes one to their knees, sends one home crying, exhausted, and spent of all energy. Or one that uplifts, opens the heart, inspires and illuminates.To learn more about Nurse SPARKS, go to: https://authenticmessengers.com/ For more information on Toni, go to: www.tonigilbert.com Contact Name: Tami BlodgettContact Phone: 541-668-7526Contact E-mail: team@positivemediapress.com
MARSEILLE, France (Reuters) - Olympique de Marseille stayed in touch with the Ligue 1 pace-setters after striker Valere Germain scored his first two goals for the club in a 3-0 home win over 10-man St Etienne on Sunday.
Soccer Football - Ligue 1 - Olympique de Marseille vs AS Saint-Etienne - Orange Velodrome, Marseille, France - December 10, 2017 Marseille's Valere Germain celebrates scoring their second goal REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
The result kept Marseille fourth on 35 points from 17 games, behind third-placed champions Monaco and second-placed Lyon on goal difference. Runaway leaders Paris St Germain have 44 points after Saturday's 3-1 home win against struggling Lille.
Germain, who moved from Monaco during the close season, headed home an 11th-minute corner and steered in a Florian Thauvin cross in the 74th after St Etienne had defender Ronael Pierre-Gabriel sent off for a professional foul.
In between the goals, Germain missed several chances as dominant Marseille hit the woodwork twice and kept raiding both flanks almost at will, with St Etienne keeper Stephane Ruffier producing a string of good saves.
Substitute Lucas Ocampos added the third with a delightfully curled shot into the top corner in the 80th minute as the home side continued to press in the closing stages.
April 3 Northern Empire Resources Corp:
* Has made an early payment to sterling gold mining corporation in amount of US$1.25 million
* Northern Empire Resources - in exchange for payment sgmc agreed to grant co irrevocable exclusivity period to complete transaction to buy sterling property
* Total purchase price for sterling property will now be US$10.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Qatar says fighter jets deal shows deep U.S. support
DOHA, June 15 A $12 billion deal to buy Boeing F-15 U.S. fighter jets shows Qatar has deep-rooted support from Washington, a Qatari official said on Thursday, adding that its rift with some other Arab states had not hurt the U.S. relationship with Doha.
(Updates with comments, background, lawsuits)
By Solarina Ho
TORONTO, March 30 An Ontario court judge on Thursday approved the sale of a downtown Toronto hotel and condominium high-rise bearing U.S. President Donald Trump's name to the tower's main debt holder, according to documents posted on the receiver's website.
The troubled Trump International Hotel & Tower, situated in the heart of Toronto's financial district, has been beset by issues since opening its doors in 2012. JCF Capital ULC bought the C$301 million ($226.11 million) owed on the tower's construction loan last fall.
The court-run sale of the tower, which includes 211 hotel rooms, 74 residential units, as well as commercial, retail and amenity space, had received no bids apart from JCF Capital's stalking horse offer of C$298 million.
"I think given the amount that was outstanding, it wasn't surprising," said Symon Zucker, the lawyer representing the developer, Talon International Inc.
Despite a booming Toronto market, Talon sold less than half of the tower's residential condos since opening and the hotel's occupancy rates have been lower than some investors in the rooms had hoped.
Some disgruntled unit buyers filed lawsuits against Talon and a class-action suit seeking the return of deposits was launched earlier this month against the tower's developer.
"Everything was stayed during the receivership," said Zucker of the lawsuits. "We're in it for at least another year or more."
The court process only indirectly involves Trump, whose sprawling business empire licenses its brand and manages the Toronto property on behalf of Talon.
Talon had previously tried to change the building's name through arbitration. Lawyers representing Talon and the Trump Organization disagreed whether a new owner would be able to retain a different manager and change the hotel name.
JCF is represented by Jay Wolf, founder of Juniper Capital Partners LLC, an investment firm that says it targets distressed or out-of-favor assets with attractive valuations. Wolf could not be reached for comment.
($1 = 1.3312 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Solarina Ho; Editing by Richard Chang and Lisa Shumaker)
PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Basware Oyj:
* BASWARE TO SELL ITS NON-CORE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE SOLUTIONS AND BANKING BUSINESSES TO VERDANE CAPITAL
* ‍TRANSACTION IS EXPECTED TO BE COMPLETED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE IN Q1 OF 2018​
* ‍COMBINED SALE PRICE OF TWO BUSINESSES IS APPROXIMATELY EUR 35.0 MILLION, SUBJECT TO CERTAIN ADJUSTMENTS.​
* ‍TRANSACTION PRICE WILL BE PAID IN CASH IN CONNECTION WITH CLOSING OF TRANSACTION.​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
ZAGREB The junior partner in Croatia's ruling centre-right coalition on Friday quit the government over a row with the prime minister, raising the prospect of a possible snap election.
Prime Minister Andrej Plenkovic on Thursday fired three cabinet ministers from the Most (Bridge) party after they failed to follow him in rejecting opposition demands for the finance minister to resign.
Most said on Friday all four of its ministers would quit.
"By this we show that our primary goal is not keeping posts, but to prevent a constitutional crisis," said Most party leader Bozo Petrov, who is also the speaker of parliament.
Plenkovic said on Thursday he would seek a new parliamentary majority but that he was ready for a snap poll if the talks on forming a new coalition failed.
The conservative HDZ party, which leads the cabinet, said it had collected enough signatures from parliamentary deputies for the removal of Petrov as parliament speaker.
Petrov said he would put the party's request on the agenda after a parliamentary debate about the finance minister.
Analysts believe the growing tension between the coalition partners stems from competition for voters ahead of municipal elections to be held on May 21.
"A new stable cabinet is unlikely to be formed before municipal elections, and then a lot may depend on the results of those elections," political analyst Zarko Puhovski said.
A previous coalition, comprising the HDZ and Most, collapsed last June after just six months. That led to a snap election in September.
The Most party has backed opposition calls for Finance Minister Zdravko Maric to step down because of a financial crisis at Croatia's biggest private firm, Agrokor. Maric was a senior executive at the ailing company until 2016.
Plenkovic said Maric was not responsible for Agrokor's financial results.
Parliament is due to discuss the opposition demand against Maric next Wednesday.
The government adopted measures this week to boost the investment climate, employment and fiscal sustainability in one of the weakest European Union economies.
A snap election would delay those efforts and could have a negative impact on Croatia's standing in the financial markets.
(Reporting by Igor Ilic; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
BEIJING (Reuters) - The North Korean nuclear issue needs a peaceful resolution, Chinese President Xi Jinping told U.S. President Donald Trump in a telephone call on Saturday, and called on the "relevant side" to exercise restraint, state television said.
Trump issued a new threat to North Korea on Friday, saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded", as Pyongyang accused him of driving the Korean peninsula to the brink of nuclear war and world powers expressed alarm.
Xi told Trump that it was in the joint interests of both China and the United States to achieve the denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula and protect peace and stability there, state television said in a brief report.
"The relevant side must at present exercise restraint, and avoid words and actions that exacerbate tensions on the Korean peninsula," the report paraphrased Xi as saying.
Resolving the nuclear issue ultimately needs to be done politically via talks, and China is willing to maintain communication with the United States on the basis of mutual respect to push for an appropriate resolution, Xi added.
Chinese state television cited Trump as telling Xi that he fully understands the role China has been playing on the North Korean nuclear issue.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup he co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
March 29 Hulic Reit Inc:
* Says it will take out 12 billion yen worth loan to fund acquisition of proprieties
* Says it plans to use 13.46 billion yen to acquire properties in Tokyo
Source text in Japanese:rrd.me/bJcap; rrd.me/bJcat
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
