Chinese owner completes Southampton takeover - Liebherr
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 21:00 IST
Gao Jisheng, chairman and founder of Lander Sports, attends an annual meeting of Zhejiang Entrepreneurs Association in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, China January 25, 2017. Picture taken January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer/Files
LONDON (Reuters) - Chinese businessman Jisheng Gao has completed a takeover of Southampton, club owner Katharina Liebherr said in a letter to fans on Monday.
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together," Liebherr said.
Although no details of the deal were released, local media reported that Gao had purchased an 80 per cent stake for around 210 million pounds ($273 million).
Liebherr said she had built up a close relationship with Gao's daughter Nelly Gao, who local media said would join the board.
The Premier League approved the takeover by Gao's company in June, and the deal takes to 28 the number of European clubs now under Chinese ownership.
Seven of those are British: West Bromwich Albion, Birmingham City, Aston Villa, Wolves, Reading and Northampton are the others, with Manchester City also 13 per cent owned by Chinese.
($1 = 0.7712 pounds)
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Gareth Jones)
A big Elland Road crowd went home disappointed after seeing Leeds United slip out of the play-off places with a disappointing display and a 1-0 home defeat to Wolves.
An awful first half display was at the heart of the defeat as the Whites were lucky not be at least three down at the break despite being roared on by a crowd of 32,351.
They did improve and dominated the second half, but failed to find the net with only one effort on target and are now down to seventh with rivals Reading, Sheffield Wednesday and Fulham all winning.
It is still in Leeds' hands, however, on whether they reach the play-offs with Wednesday and Fulham due to meet on the last day of the season, but they may now need to win all three of their remaining games to be sure.
Head coach Garry Monk selected an unchanged team from the one that grabbed a point at Newcastle and they started brightly enough with Kalvin Phillips' dangerous low cross being well cut out by Wolves keeper Andy Lonergan.
But their football became increasingly poor with hurried passes not finding their man and little creativity.
It left them open to counter attacks, which this Wolves team are good at as they showed when a defensive mix-up led to Andreas Weimann going clean through only to be foiled by a good save from Rob Green.
Wolves had another chance when a free-kick was not cleared and the ball fell to Richard Stearman, but another good save by Green kept United level.
George Saville tried his luck with an effort from the edge of the box, but Kyle Bartley did well to block the goalbound shot.
Striker Nouha Dicko was next to threaten as he latched onto a mistake by the strangely out of sorts Gaetano Berardi only to see his fizzing shot go just wide.
Leeds finally did some attacking of their own and looked unlucky when penalty shouts fell on deaf ears after Bartley appeared to be bundled over while trying to get his head to a corner.
Berardi hit a long range volley over then Pontus Jansson sent a header over from another corner.
Jansson's attempts to spark his side into life backfired in the 39th minute when his charge upfield came to nothing and Wolves turned defence into attack swiftly. With the defender out of position, Dicko timed his run perfectly to get on the end of a through ball and beat Bartley to the ball then beat Green with an early shot.
Chris Wood had his first chance to add to his impressive tally just before the break when he controlled a long ball into the Wolves box, but his effort deflected behind with referee Jeremy Simpson overruling his linesman by giving a goal kick instead of the corner it looked like it should have been.
Leeds looked to play the ball faster after the break and had reason to curse referee Simpson again when Wood's attempted cross was stopped by the arm of Stearman, but again no penalty was forthcoming.
Pressure mounted with Jansson heading wide at the back post from a Pablo Hernandez corner and Bartley heading over from a cross by Hernandez.
A long range Lee Evans volley, easily dealt with by Green, was Wolves' only effort on goal in the second half and they sat back and began to rely on time wasting tactics.
Unlike Newcastle's similar attempts last Friday, it worked as they managed successfully to break the game up. Leeds had several half-chances, however, with substitute Souleymane Doukara seeing a header tipped over by Lonergan and going on a great run down the left that almost resulted in an equaliser.
Bartley had a strike well blocked and in the 89th minute Roofe's looping header was cleared off the line.
Into injury-time Wood got on the end of a cross at the far post, but could not direct his header on target and it was all over for United. It will be all over for them in the play-offs race unless they improve at Burton next Saturday.
Match facts
Leeds United 0
Wolverhampton Wanderers 1
(Dicko 39)
Monday, April 17, 2017
EFL Championship
Attendance:32,351.
Leeds: Green, Ayling, Bartley, Jansson, Berardi (Taylor 63), Bridcutt (Sacko 56), Phillips, Roofe, Hernandez, Pedraza (Doukara 71), Wood.
Wolves: Lonergan, Coady, Williamson, Stearman, Doherty, Edwards, Saiss, Marshall (Hause 85), Weimann, Saville (Evans 67), Dicko (Bodvarsson 67).
Referee: Jeremy Simpson
Supporters of an Abuse Free Environment, known by locals as SAFE in the Bitterroot, is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year. Having served as the executive director of the organization for the last 15 years, Stacey Umhey has a lot to say about it.
“Our story is a great example of a community recognizing that there is a problem and rolling up their sleeves and pulling together to solve that problem,” said Umhey at a recent open house.
Thirty years ago, she said, the local club of Hamilton Soroptimists identified a need for a safe place for women and children to go who have been victimized by domestic or sexual violence. At that time, the nearest place a person could get help was in Missoula.
“As you can imagine,” said Umhey, “if you are in a crisis at three o'clock in the morning, finding your way into and through Missoula, Montana in the winter can be quite a challenge. So, the Soroptimists did what Soroptimists do so well. They got busy and got connected with the people up in Missoula and started learning about how the Missoula YWCA provided their services.”
She said the Soroptimists started with a small network of safe houses that were primarily the homes of those Soroptimist members.
“And that's what I think is such a beautiful part of our story because Soroptimists is a women's civic organization made up, primarily, of professional or retired professional women. These women were working all day and then going home and taking care of their families and opening their doors in the middle of the night to keep other families safe.”
Umhey said that the organization's anniversary led her to review the archives and she found material indicating that, at the time, these women were taking on a great risk for themselves and their families.
“When they were forming our organization,” she said, “the women did not even allow their last names to be used in the newspapers. They were referred to as ‘Kim, a Safe Advocate'.”
At one point they got a small grant from the Department of Health and Human Services to set up a 24-hour telephone hot-line.
“They realized after a short period,” said Umhey, “that this was a really necessary service to our community and that it couldn't be an all-volunteer effort any longer so they founded our organization.”
At first it was called Family Violence Services but in 1999 it was re-named Supporters of an Abuse Free Environment, or, as most people call it today, SAFE in the Bitterroot, or just SAFE.
Umhey said even though it has felt at times that the organization was growing very quickly, she believes it was actually a measured growth in response to the people being served. They opened their first Emergency Shelter in the early 1990s and then rented a two-bedroom house in Hamilton in 1995 using that for a shelter and renting office space elsewhere. She said they did a re-assessment at the time of the real needs of the program and came up with three top issues to deal with: housing, the need for employment, and the need for child care to enable employment for a person to really get back on her feet and actually function in a self-supporting fashion.
Umhey said that domestic violence is the leading cause of homelessness. She said SAFE's Emergency Shelter housed about 100 people last year for a total of 2,500 to 3,000 nights. The average stay in the facility is three weeks.
“We believe no one should have to choose between being homeless and living in an abusive relationship,” she said. “But we also realize that a few weeks is not enough time for someone to do what they really need to do to survive.” So, they have developed a transition program where people can stay in a home for up to two years as they put a new life together for themselves and their children.
Children are a big part of the picture when it comes to domestic and sexual violence.
“We know that children are incredibly negatively impacted by witnessing or experiencing domestic and sexual violence,” she said.
Rachel Shea, a Shelter Advocate, said that working at the Emergency Shelter has been an eye opener. She said when she first started working in a larger emergency shelter in a big city the stories she was hearing from women coming into the shelter were overwhelming at first.
“I was horrified and confused,” she said. “I didn't realize these kinds of things were really happening to people.” She said last year they served 61 adults and 50 kids.
Teddi Hailey, case manager in the Transitional Housing program, said that they have eight adults and 24 children on a waiting list for housing.
“That shows you that there is a population out there sleeping on couches in friend's homes or sleeping in automobiles,” she said.
Community Programs Manager Jamie Ogden said that in 1998 a collection of agencies and professionals was formed called the Coalition Against Domestic and Sexual Violence that has helped raise community awareness of the problems. Sonya Bitterman is the Coalition Coordinator.
Amidst the Vancouver Canucks' plethora of young talent is Reid Boucher, a young man who is lighting up the AHL for the Utica Comets. Boucher has 115 NHL games under his belt with three different teams — the Nashville Predators, New Jersey Devils and, you guessed it, the Canucks. At 24, his ceiling is high and his future looks bright.
He's always been a talented player, but lately, he's been playing at a level worthy of a full-time NHL job. His point production has caught the attention of many and he was the first Comet in history to be awarded the CCM/AHL Player of the Month Award for January.
BREAKING: Reid Boucher becomes first Comet to earn CCM/AHL Player of the Month Award. Details: https://t.co/eGRQ2BSL1K pic.twitter.com/ccfWllVKH0 — Utica Comets (@UticaComets) February 1, 2018
Boucher and the Comets
With 22 goals and 18 apples in 36 games, Boucher is an AHL stud. He is old enough to out-smart a lot of players and he's also young enough to skate with all of the talent the AHL has to offer.
The AHL is essentially a long tryout for NHL squads as most guys are there to prove they are worthy of the big league. Boucher is no exception and has played for three AHL teams so far, improving drastically along the way. Now, with the Comets, he has cemented himself as an NHL-ready forward and I'm fully confident that he'll be seeing a considerable amount of time with the Canucks next season.
Boucher, the Lansing, Michigan product has already crushed his previous AHL-career-best of 32 points in 34 games and is on pace to lead the AHL in scoring. He is only three points out of a tie for first and, did I mention that, he's played 10 fewer games?
Boucher's continued development is exactly what was asked of him and exactly why he's spent so much time in the minors; he's a point-producer but simply wasn't at an NHL level. Now, though, he is more than ready.
Boucher's NHL Battle
Boucher has had quite the uphill battle trying to land a full-time job. His journey has especially been difficult, considering how much he's bounced around — it's only been three teams but it's more like five. He started out with the New Jersey Devils for three seasons then, in the 2016-17 season alone, Boucher went to the Canucks, then to the Nashville Predators and back again to the Devils and then finally, for the 2017-18 season, he was back with the Canucks.
I can't begin to imagine what it's like to be uprooted so many times in a two-year span, but somehow Boucher has kept his chin up and fought through the hardship. His play has continually elevated and I bet that the Devils and Predators are probably kicking themselves that they missed out on him.
The Canucks got a second chance with Boucher and seized it. Now, they have arguably the best player in the AHL in their system and a trick up their sleeve for next season.
Boucher and the Canucks
If Boucher is playing so well, then why isn't he playing for the Canucks? Ultimately, it boils down to roles already being filled. Down the middle, Bo Horvat, Henrik Sedin, Brandon Sutter and Sam Gagner hold the fort. Boucher is not a replacement for Horvat or Sedin in the top-six and his skill is wasted in the bottom-six ahead of Sutter and Gagner.
Patience is a virtue that Boucher is all too familiar with but he'll need to display just a little bit more until next season when contracts expire, assets are moved and spots are vacated. His time will come and he will be ready to pounce in the prime of his career. He might need to shift over to the wing but that's one of the easier transitions in the game.
Boucher's development has been textbook and the payoff will be great once he's given the green light.
Boucher Predictions
I think Boucher will be a full-time member of the Canucks next season, depending on what happens with Daniel and Henrik Sedin in the offseason. If Henrik is re-signed then Boucher might not be full-time but he will play a large amount of time in the NHL. With the deadline just around the corner, things could be shaken up quite drastically, though not likely.
Once he is playing a lot with the Canucks, I could see Boucher being a consistent 15-20 goal scorer and with the right linemates, he may even be a 20-25 goal scorer. Those are bold predictions but based on his rate of growth, I don't think it's too far off.
Players like Boucher and Brendan Gaunce pull at my heartstrings: they're so close and yet so far from everything they've dreamed of. Their hard work is respected and appreciated but it isn't always enough. I genuinely hope that Boucher, and Gaunce, achieve their dreams and I hope that it's very, very soon.
WASHINGTON: A new report says the Brooklyn Bridge and Washington's Arlington Memorial Bridge are among thousands of spans considered structurally deficient.
Although the numbers of deficient bridges have declined in recent years, the American Road & Transportation Builders Association's analysis of transportation department data shows more than 55,000 bridges in the US have been deemed deficient.
ARBTA says deficient bridges are crossed about 185 million times a day. The top 14 most-traveled deficient bridges are located in California.
Bridges labeled structurally deficient aren't necessarily in immediate danger of collapse. The term is applied when spans need rehabilitation or replacement because at least one major component has advanced deterioration or other problems.
When Javier Duarte stepped down from office last October, the former governor of Mexico's Veracruz state vowed to fight the mounting corruption allegations that unraveled his tenure.
"The circumstances created by false accusations ... force me to dedicate myself full-time to clear my name and that of my family," Duarte said on Oct. 13, according to The Yucatan Times, just one day after he ended his term six weeks early.
Then, Duarte disappeared.
It would be another half-year before the surfaced — this time in handcuffs, escorted from his hotel at a lakeside resort in Guatemala on Saturday night. Authorities say he had been squirreled away in a hotel room with his wife, attempting to pass as a tourist.
Now he is in a prison cell in Guatemala City, awaiting his widely expected extradition back to Mexico, where Reuters reports he'll face allegations that he diverted public funds for his personal enrichment. That includes a luxury ranch — packed with paintings by masters such as Joan Miro and Leonora Carrington, the BBC reports — that authorities say was paid for by siphoned dollars.
During his roughly six years in office, Duarte's Gulf Coast state also earned the inglorious distinction of becoming "one of the world's most lethal regions for the press," according to the Committee to Protect Journalists. The CPJ estimated last year that at least 12 journalists were murdered during Duarte's tenure; other organizations have placed that number even higher.
A 2012 dispatch from CPJ correspondent Mike O'Connor explains the atmosphere that took shape under Duarte:
"Veracruz is a beautiful, long, thin state on the Gulf coast of Mexico where many journalists are terrified not only of the rampant organized crime groups that kill and control, but also of the state government. Fear that state officials will order them murdered for what they investigate or write has forced about a dozen journalists to flee the state, claiming that fear also puts a clamp on coverage for those who remain."
And that's not to mention the mass grave discovered outside Veracruz city last month that contained 252 bodies, many of which are believed to have been buried years ago.
Strikingly, Duarte's allegation-plagued tenure was by no means uncommon. The politician isn't the only former Mexican governor to draw prosecutors' attention — nor was he the only former leader in his own party, the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, to go on the lam for an extended period.
Former Tamaulipas Gov. Tomás Yarrington was caught in Florence, Italy, just last week after five years on the run. U.S. prosecutors have alleged he "accepted millions of dollars in drug cartel bribes and invested it in Texas real estate," according to The Associated Press. And The Wall Street Journal, citing orders issued by state police, says that Yarrington had been assigned eight law enforcement officers as bodyguards as late as last year.
Meanwhile former Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte — no relation — has still eluded authorities after he stepped down last year. Once a rising star in the PRI like Javier Duarte (who was suspended from the party around the time of his disappearance) and Yarrington, Cesar Duarte is being pursued over embezzlement charges.
All of this makes for a rather persistent problem for the party's leader, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has been battling historically terrible approval ratings.
So it's not too much of a surprise that, as the AP reports, the PRI cheered the capture of the former Veracruz governor, who the party said should "be punished in an exemplary fashion, as well as anyone who is confirmed to have taken part in his criminal ring."
Still, it will do little to erase the rather unexemplary records of many governors across Mexico — and not just those in the PRI. The Duartes have plenty of company.
The Los Angeles Times breaks it down: In a country of 31 states and one federal district, nearly a dozen governors recently out of office are on the lam, under investigation or already in prison.
Around where I live, the Apple Watch is a hit. I'm often surprised at how many people I see wearing one as I visit clients, or while standing in line at the coffee shop. Smart notifications, custom complications, and fitness tracking have made the watch a compelling product for most everyday tasks, and as of Series 3, the product seems to have at last found its groove. But I don't spend my free time doing everyday tasks: I prefer to leave the pavement and the daily workout routine behind and head for the mountains. Naturally, it made me curious — could the Series 3 Apple Watch track my backcountry workouts as well as more-normal tasks? iPhone, watch, or GPS device?
I've been using my iPhone to track workouts and activity for several years now using the popular Strava app. With the app and phone, I get reasonable accurate GPS data for all my runs, including elevation profiles and detailed route tracking. Last year, I crossed the Grand Canyon on the famous R2R2R trail. I ran from South Rim to North Rim, tracking my run with my iPhone (and taking plenty of pictures along the way). On what ended up being a 19-hour journey, I charged my device mid-run with a little GoalZero battery pack and a three-inch Lightning cable; as such, my iPhone never came close to running out of juice. But it's not just smartphones that can track your runs: Many ultrarunners (ultra = traveling extra-long distances, usually 42k or more) use Garmin or Suunto watches to track runs and athletic progress. A few months ago, I joined that club and bought myself a Suunto Spartan Sport Wrist HR GPS watch. Its $499 price is pretty standard for for ultrarunning and backcountry exploring trackers, though the watch is a monster in size on your wrist. At this price, Suunto also has a lot of comparable features to the Series 3 Apple Watch: While higher-end trackers have additional sensors like barometers and altimeters that can offer more accurate elevation tracking, they're also closer to the $700-$900 range; most watches for GPS-tracking come in closer to $300-$500, right in line with a base-model Series 3 Apple Watch. At this point, I felt comfortable with my Suunto and iPhone, so I had a good baseline to test against my 38mm Series 3 Apple Watch. For my primary test, the plan was to take both watches out into the wilderness — deep into Olympic National Park in Washington state. There's no cell service — only rugged terrain, high mountains, old trees and, as luck would have it, a sunny (but cold) day. I also tracked over a dozen training runs with both watches, so as to get multiple data points. I had three categories I was most interested in comparing: General ease of use: How does the Apple Watch fit into the lifestyle of a backcountry trail runner?
How does the Apple Watch fit into the lifestyle of a backcountry trail runner? Battery life: How long can I stay in the backcountry and have the Apple Watch reliably track my location?
How long can I stay in the backcountry and have the Apple Watch reliably track my location? GPS accuracy: Does the Apple Watch accurately track my activity, run length, and where I am on the trail? This isn't just a vanity metric: If I get lost in the backcountry, a reliable GPS signal allows me to stay safe and get back to familiar grounds. This was, admittedly, narrow criteria: Both of these watch options can do a lot more, especially the Apple Watch. But in the backcountry — far away from cell service that you don't need — you shouldn't be too concerned about bill reminders, summoning Siri, reading texts, or streaming music. (And without a signal, you're out of luck for most of those features, anyway.) Additionally, by reducing the number of actions you perform on your Apple Watch, you can keep your battery lasting much longer than if you were trying to send a message during your run. How the Apple Watch fares against the Suunto Sport
After several months of testing these watches head to head, it's often felt like I'm comparing a Jeep to a BMW. (You guess which one is which.) A BMW can win in most every daily driving situation, yes. But there are a few occasions where you'd only want to take a Jeep. Backcountry running? That may well be one of those situations. But as I came to discover, the Jeep wasn't always the right tool, either. During my tests, I set out with both watches in Airplane mode, with external signals disabled. I recorded my run in Strava on the Apple Watch, while I used the onboard activity app for the Suunto. General ease of use Let's start with general wear. On the wrist, the Apple Watch feels great: It's much easier to pull jacket sleeves up and down over its 38mm size than the Suunto. I expected some fatigue from consistently wearing devices around my wrist, but after 5+ hours I didn't mind either of the watches. Both watches charge via their respective proprietary USB connector cable, which connect to the rear sensor area of the watch. Unfortunately, this means mid-activity charging is impossible for either device — which, quite frankly, sucks when you're on the trail for long distances. Additionally, the Apple Watch charger, while slick and beautiful on a bedside table, is useless if you want to charge your watch in the car on the way to the trailhead. The magnetic connection is way too flimsy and can all too easily disconnect while driving. In contrast, Suunto's connector is stronger: The magnet connects with more heft and can handle a lot of jiggling around in the car before it disconnects.
During a run, the delay of the Apple Watch's 'raise to wake' view is ever so slightly annoying; the Suunto's always-on screen is better for quick glances at your progress as you run. I also wish I could lock the screen of the Apple Watch to one app. Sometimes, mid-run, I felt there was too much going on on that tiny screen. All I want is a big button to track my run and some numbers to show my progress. One thing I thought would be a big plus for the Apple Watch was the ability to natively use the Strava app to track my run. But in my testing, it wasn't so great: I lost a run completely, and syncing sometimes required a bit of extra help, especially after the watch was in Airplane mode and away from the phone. Suunto has its own app, Movescount. This app lets you transfer the data from the Spartan watch over to a website. There, you can see a whole bunch more information and sync your activity to Strava. The intermediary step is annoying, but the Movescount app actually offers additional data points, like Cadence tracking, suggested recovery time, and a few other things I found quite helpful. One funny note: In two months of testing, I only once closed all my Activity Rings — and it wasn't even on a big backcountry day. (The truth is, after you come back from a long day out, sweaty and exhausted, the first thing you're going to do is take off your watch and recharge it. Goodbye, stand goal.) GPS tests Both the Apple Watch and Suunto Spartan performed surprisingly similar in my GPS tests during my main trail run.
The Apple Watch tracked my backcountry run at 20.11miles, while Suunto came in at 20.14miles.
Elevation gain for Apple Watch was 1222ft, while the Suunto Spartan put it at 1353ft. This is on par with the official numbers for this trail, and the deviation is acceptable. On subsequent training runs, I was pretty pleased with the Apple Watch's GPS performance. It even pulled ahead of Suunto in some respects — especially elevation accuracy. Battery Battery life was an eye-opener: I started my run with both watches fully charged, but after five hours of activity, the Apple Watch was down to 15%, while the Suunto still had 40% juice left. I did test these watches during winter in the Pacific Northwest, and the cold temperatures might have had an affect on battery performance. (It was 32 degrees on my backcountry run with frost on the ground in places). And I had both watches continuously track my heart rate throughout, which is something you can disable to extend battery life. That said, on a different run with heart rate tracking turned off, I still lost about 15% battery life after an hour of Strava tracking. The size of the Apple Watch is worth considering, too: I ran with the smaller 38mm size, which historically has a tinier battery and poorer overall battery life than its 42mm cousin. But given that I was already in Airplane mode, this number doesn't bode well for using Apple Watch to track any activity longer than 6-8 hours. The ultimate backcountry tool is still out there I was really hoping the Apple Watch could be an ultimate backcountry tool, but neither it nor my Suunto watch truly delivers right now: I wouldn't trust a watch as the only device I take with me into the wilderness. Their limited battery life, tiny screens, and inability to recharge throughout the run left me a bit lackluster. While both wearables have their perks, I had hoped for more from a smartwatch in 2018. Both watches are a great addition to your backcountry toolkit, but neither are the end-all solution. The Apple Watch is like a little coupe sports car. It's lightweight, delightful to use, and fun, but it's also a bit finicky with too many dials and a small gas tank. The Suunto Spartan, in contrast, is so big and bulky that you'd only want to wear it for your runs. It's aimed for one purpose only — to track your activity — and it does. But even it has its drawbacks. My true discovery: I still love my iPhone
New Delhi: England cricket team, touted as one of the favourites to win the ICC Champions Trophy, let their fans down with a humiliating eight-wicket loss against Pakistan in the first semi-final of the tournament.
While the cricket fraternity was bowled over by Pakistan's performance, England skipper Eoin Morgan was of the view that it was because of a used pitch that The Three Lions were deprived of any home advantage.
"I don`t think there was any home advantage. We knew that we were going to play on a used wicket at some stage in this tournament, and we found out the other day that today was going to be on a used wicket," Morgan had said.
The left-hander's comment didn't go down too well with former Pakistani pacer Waqar Younis, who took to Twitter to slam Morgan.
"Stop giving that lame excuse Eoin Morgan regarding the used pitch. You guys have been thrashed fair and square by Pakistan," he said.
Stop giving that lame excuse Eoin Morgan regarding the used pitch,,,,You guys been thrashed fair n square by Pakistan #CT2017 #PakvsEng — waqar younis (@waqyounis99) June 14, 2017
However, Morgan did give credit to the Pakistan bowlers for restricting England to 211 in 49.5 overs.
When he was asked as to how Pakistan managed to score on the same surface that England had managed just 211, Morgan said, "I think the explanation is they played two days ago on it."
Sophia Gardens is one of the three venues that was agreed to use by the ICC and Galmorgans for the 15 matches at this tournament, along with Edgbaston and The Oval.
Though England played three of its Group A matches on new pitches, the pitches allocated to Sophia Gardens had all been used once each during the group stage meaning their semi-final had to be played on a used surface.
Meanwhile, Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed had no qualms about the pitch and was more than happy at his team`s progression towards their first final at a major ODI event since 1999 World Cup.
"I think the pitch was very good. It was good for both teams," he said."I think we played very good. That`s why we won today," he added.
Pakistan will be closely watching today`s second semi-final as India is going to clash with Bangladesh at Birmingham.
(With ANI inputs)
Humana Inc., one of the nation's largest health insurers, will stop selling Obamacare health plans next year, the company announced Tuesday. The move threatens to rattle jittery insurance markets and further complicate Republicans' push to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
The company attributed its action to mounting losses caused by sicker-than-expected consumers. It is the first major insurer to pull back competely amid the mounting uncertainty over the GOP's still undefined healthcare plans, though other leading health plans have exited marketplaces over the last year, citing losses.
Humana's move will also probably mean that some 150,000 policyholders in 11 states where Humana sells Obamacare plans will have to switch carriers in 2018; some may be left without any alternative.
Humana, based in Louisville, Ky., is a relatively small player in the Obamacare marketplaces, which are expected to serve about 11 million people this year.
“They were never deeply committed to this market,” said Gerald Kominski, director of the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research, noting that Humana's decision was not unexpected.
The company does not offer plans on Covered California, widely considered one of the most stable marketplaces in the country. And Humana's exit should not affect customers in most parts of the country.
But the company is a leading source of coverage in some regions, including Tennessee, which has one of the shakiest markets. The pullout will leave no insurer in 16 Tennessee counties in 2018, according to the nonprofit Kaiser Family Foundation, which is tracking marketplace participation.
The marketplaces, a pillar of the healthcare law, allow Americans who do not get coverage through an employer to shop for plans that must meet basic standards. They cannot turn away patients who are sick. Low- and moderate-income consumers can qualify for government subsidies to offset the cost of their premiums.
There have been widespread concerns over the last year that the markets could collapse as insurers raised premiums sharply in the face of more costly than expected patients.
Many experts, including leading insurance industry officials, do not believe such a collapse is inevitable. And enrollment for 2017 appears to be holding relatively steady compared with last year.
But like other analysts, Kominski said Humana's decision “will introduce another degree of uncertainty.”
There were already signs Tuesday that it was contributing to the escalating partisan firestorm over the future of the 2010 healthcare law.
President Trump quickly cast Humana's exit as evidence the law is faltering, an argument he and other Republicans have been trying to make to bolster their struggling repeal campaign.
“Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace & save healthcare for ALL Americans,” Trump wrote in a tweet posted Tuesday evening.
Democrats countered that the Trump administration and its Republican allies on Capitol Hill were responsible for the rising instability in insurance markets.
“Congressional Republicans' reckless and irresponsible plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act is already taking healthcare away from the American people and causing confusion and instability in the insurance market,” said Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) “Anyone losing access to their insurance has only President Trump and congressional Republicans to blame.”
Humana Chief Executive Bruce Broussard in a conference call Tuesday with analysts said the company had made repeated changes to the policies it offered on the marketplaces — including raising the price of premiums — to try to make them a sustainable business.
The company, which is recovering from a failed merger with fellow insurance giant Aetna, had found new problems with the recent sign-ups for 2017, he said. That included having too many enrollees who are older and sicker and are expected to have high claims.
“We are again seeing signs of an unbalanced risk pool based on the results of the 2017 open enrollment period,” Broussard said. “Therefore we've decided that we can't continue to offer this coverage in 2018.”
Humana executives said they expected to lose an estimated $45 million on the policies offered on the exchanges in 11 states this year. In 2015, the company reported overall profit of nearly $1.3 billion.
Company officials said Tuesday that all customers who had signed up for a Humana policy for 2017 would have coverage the entire year.
noam.levey@latimes.com
@noamlevey
In a nutshell: I predict that 2018 won't be a breakout year for Super Bowl advertising.
The ratio of great spots and "meh" spots is going to stay the same as in years passed, based on what's been pre-released and teased so far. I anticipate, in this charged political atmosphere, there will be very few risk-takers. Add that to the rising price tag, the level of scrutiny and the rubber-stamping necessary to get a Super Bowl spot out the door, and most CMOs probably won't have the stomach to push the envelope too far. In fact, Mountain Dew, who birthed "Puppymonkeybaby" in Super Bowl 50, this year opted for film stars to shill Dew and Doritos (granted, Peter Dinklage's lip-syncing is epic).
I expect to see a few brands go the cause-based, issue-related route and try to wring a few tears out of America's eyeballs. I (personally) think it's never been more necessary for brands to speak from the heart, but in a country that's never been more polarized and tribal, it's like performing a high-wire act over an electrified fence, next to an alligator pond. Obviously, the stakes are considerably lower when it's Hyundai championing childhood cancer or Anheuser-Busch promoting disaster relief, but my guess is there are going to be brands that tackle sensitive issues like the widening cultural divide, DACA and #MeToo.
Whatever the issue is, I hope that whatever they concepted four to five months ago is still topical. And that it doesn't feel tone-deaf or off-brand. The reward is considerably higher when the issue is more controversial. I hope the gamble pays off for someone.
I expect more brands are going to opt for the broadcast 60-second spot versus just doing an extended version online. I think the craft of storytelling demands it. But I expect to see plenty of brands break ranks and look for alternative creative doorways. Skittles has already received several days of earned media attention for their "ad for one person" idea featuring creepy David Schwimmer teasers. And that might be the smart approach to around-the-game ads, considering social media will once again be swarming with brands come game day, with Twitter likely seeing the bulk of the activity considering the financial incentive they're offering to the brand that generates the most engagement.
And while we're still seeing brands like Kraft and Hyundai continuing to gamble with technical real-time production wizardry, I'm not certain we'll see any technological stunts at this year's Super Bowl. Might we see Alexa get some love? Or an AR or VR tie-in?
(Shakes Magic 8-Ball and produces: ALL SIGNS POINT TO NO)
Lastly, I expect there to be a handful of winners and more than 50 that might not get the return on investment they hoped for. But hey, those are the stakes at the baccarat table of advertising.
Jason Sperling is SVP / Chief, Creative Development at ad agency, RPA.
In 2008 I had the privilege to travel to Istanbul to check out the tech scene. I'd arranged a tech startups meet-up with Arda Kutsal, a local blogger who'd started Webrazzi, a tech blog. I landed at the airport and caught a taxi to the hotel we'd agreed to meet at, thinking the meet-up would be in the bar. “No sir,” said the lady on reception, “your event is in the ballroom”. So, I trundled by carry-on luggage down the hall until I opened a huge door, only to find around 800 people listening to speeches. From the stage, Arda pointed to me said “Welcome Mike!” into the microphone, whereupon the whole ballroom swung around to see me standing there with my luggage.
Now, I'm telling you this story not merely to reminisce, but to illustrate how hungry the tech scene in Turkey was to develop. And develop it did. l
In the intervening years Webrazzi has grown to become, ‘effectively' the TechCrunch of Turkey, operating its own conferences, while others have sprung up. Turkish startups like Trendyol appeared, started by Demet Mutlo, one of the many taking advantages of Turkey's booming economy. With a population of 80 million, most of them under 30, Turkey looked like it had a bright future. Even as the dark clouds of political unrest started to appear a few years ago, those seemed like a side-show to the wider boom that was taking place.
But when riot police started brutally evicting protesters from the last central city park not to be taken over by yet another shopping mall linked to the ruling elite, the overall signs were not good.
And so, to the present. President Erdoğan has declared victory in Turkey's historic referendum on a new constitution that will turn the country from a parliamentary democracy into a presidential one. But unlike in the US, the president will be handed sweeping powers, with few checks and balances. Turkey, it seems, is suddenly going backwards.
Just as with Brexit, the referendum has divided the country right down the middle. And in sophisticated, urbanite Istanbul, the people there dismissed what they saw as a grab for power by the President.
Barring an unforeseen and unlikely challenge, Erdoğan will now be in power until 2029 — longer than Kemal Ataturk, the nation's founder. Since last year's coup attempt, he has cast his opponents as terrorists, jailed opposition leaders and journalists, dominated the airwaves and shut down almost all opposition media.
He will now have to win an election in 2019 to acquire these new executive powers, so everything is at stake for him, and Turkey isn't about to get any calmer. As David L. Phillips, of the Institute for the Study of Human Rights at Columbia University, says: “Turkey's western orientation is finished.”
So where does this leave Turkey's tech startup industry?
The major concerns are two-fold: what will venture capital do and will the talent stay?
A significant global investor told me off the record that he thinks this will play out as “a Russia story.” The referendum result, he says, adds a significant risk factor for foreign capital going into the country, when there will be uncertainty around property rights and exit opportunities. Russia has had its entrepreneurial successes, but there was always a massive political overhang. That scenario is now far more likely in Turkey.
Depending on what companies are concerned, you might of course be able to minimise exposure to the political environment. Some might even benefit from the situation, as Yandex did in Russia, which effectively ‘played ball' with the Putin-controlled Kremlin.
So far, investors are playing it cool.
Cem Sertoglu of Early Bird Capital commented to me: “Interest from non-committed VCs has been very low recently, so I can't imagine this getting worse. Local Turkish startups continue to grow with the massive market opportunity. I don't think the referendum will play a big part. Talent wars are global these days, and those at the high-end have global demand.”
Oddly enough the referendum may make Turkish startups think more globally. Those that want to will start finding ways of finding an exit route through moving their HQ to the EU or US and keeping their engineering base in the country.
And Turkish entrepreneurs and investors are used to instability and political uncertainty.
Journalist, author and Turkey expert Elmira Bayrasli says: “If there is any hope left in Turkey, it is among the entrepreneurs and startups. The good news is that Turkish entrepreneurs are used to this. The challenge is the unpredictability of the government. It has to focus on the economy now — but I fear it won't. It's a rough, rough road ahead. But startups will continue… In the short term capital won't go in. If the political situation manages to stabilize – and the state of emergency is lifted, investors might come back, but with weariness.”
My old friend Arda Kutsal says: “As long as there are good startups, VCs will keep an eye on Turkey. Last week iyzico, a Turkish fintech startup closed $15M funding from foreign investors. I believe investors don't care about politics as long as there is a good business potential. The good thing is, the referendum is now over. There is no ‘uncertainty' anymore. So, I guess as everyday business gets back to normal in Turkey, foreign investors' interest will increase in the short term.”
Demet Mutlu, foundef of Trendyol says: “Turkey is still a massive market opportunity, with 50% of the population under 30. Good startups will continue to do well, and scale, weak ones might have more challenge for funding.”
But, given Erdoğan will now effectively fight another campaign for the election to come in the next 2 years, it hardly seems like the atmosphere is going to become less shrill.
The bigger risk to Turkey's tech future is from the flight of talent. The problems come when the engineers and entrepreneurs themselves want to leave.
Reliable sources attest to this already happening and the pace is likely to quicken, at least for those 48% of the population that don't support Erdoğan, so divided has the country become.
Turkish entrepreneur Honor Gunday tells me: “You should see the number of applicants to our European offices from Turkish candidates. The most snobbish, qualified high wage earning candidates are now looking for an escape. It is sad.”
Corporates have also left. Hipster hotel chain Mama Shelter has already shut down their brand-new hotel; Citibank exited two years ago and HSBC stopped half of its business. Paypal and Skrill had to leave due to new regulation. Booking.com was banned last week.
Turkey can of course try to fall back on is its momentum as a nexus between Europe and the East, as it always has throughout history. But despite a stable lira, the macro economic outlook does not look great. Tourism makes up 14% of the Turkish economy and it's already plummet by 8% this year. Turkish Airlines is not doing well, Turkish construction companies are banned in Russia. The list goes on.
The world of tech is likely to find Turkey blowing hot and cold. Erdoğan will probably get around to cutting off Twitter and YouTube as he has done sporadically already. And he will find it much easier to do now.
Burak Buyukdemir, cofounder of founder Startups Istanbul, says: “There are good and bad scenarios. Good one is we will grow like South Korea did in the 1960's the other bad scenario is we will stick with inner politics & next elections which will trigger more brain drain. Capitalist economy always looks for the opportunities. Risk versus returns. Turkey will be always a great market for investing. Our risk premium may increase but still be attractive country to invest.”
The country could of course promote startup culture to try to attract inward investment. But does Erdoğan remind you of a tech-friendly Obama?
Not really.
John Dwyer's frequently-name-changing project Oh Sees (or Thee Oh Sees, or OCS, or whatever) put out a new album called Orc a few months ago, and today the San Francisco band has shared a video for “Drowned Beast.” It's a colorful, eye-popping clip created by Dr D Foothead. “I wrote this song mostly in the studio and it was, in my mind, about the insatiable hunger of mankind, but sort of bent in this weird fantastical way,” Dwyer said in a statement. I always love working with Dr Foothead because his take is always coming from some other world, as is evident in this far out animation.” Watch it via Adult Swim below.
Orc is out now via Castle Face.
As a number of political analysts have rightly noted, Nigeria has revolved in a circle for about 35 years with almost no visible improvement in the standard of living of the average Nigerian or a time-tested structure for that desired development.
Everyone has grown weary of blaming the military for its years of unwelcomed incursion into the political landscape and attention has turned to the successive democratic administrations since 1999.
In the art of governance, there has to be a consistent movement of information between representatives and their constituencies to know how they can deliver the best to the people, as long as they have the political will to do so. Opening a dormant constituency office is not what we are talking about here. There has to be more to it than throwing money to people on the streets and in the marketplaces . There has to be a governing vision of the community for progress which the representative stands for.
Having a visionary legislature that actively pursues its oversight functions and works hand-in-hand with the executive is the only way Nigeria can begin to make giant strides towards sustainable development.
Under the leadership of APGA, Anambra State has grown in leap and bounds and it is only proper for us to sustain this kind of work, so that our land and Ndi Anambra can get to the Promised Land in good time. Anambra has become a leading state in agricultural and technical production today, even though it is not as large as other states, because a proper foundation has been laid. It is now time to follow this up with proper legislative representation at the federal level.
A point of disconnect is recognising that there remains untapped human and capital resources in the state, especially in Anambra Eas/West. It takes a person who wears the same shoes with the people to know where their feet hurt. This is the reason my heart leaped for joy at the declaration of Chinedu Obidigwe, who aims to represent Anambra East / West Federal Constituency at the National Assembly, come 2019.
This is a man who, as most other people, has borne the brunt of our harsh economic system, but turned it in his favour to thrive in business and personal life. However, unlike most who would rather capitulate their private lives and consolidate on their private gains for self and family, Obidigwe sees more than that. He believes in building the capacity of youths, such that each individual can sustain himself/herself and, together, they can sustain society.
That is why he has spent the last couple of years in active public service in Anambra State, from working as the local government chairman in Anambra East, to working with the current governor in various capacities – one of them being as the governor's special adviser on political matters.
Even in a complex society with contentious contradictions like ours where it has been difficult to distinguish who serves who, between legislators and constituent, an experienced and reflective personality like Obidigwe's would be the best for the National Assembly seat, seeing as his natural tendencies blend straight into the attributes of a progressive public servant.
Industrious, visionary and goal-oriented, to say the least, Obidigwe is one man to watch out for in the coming days and, as far as the race to 2019 is concerned, what the future holds for him and his constituents is something more than a few would like to see
– Chukwuemerie wrote in from Anambra State
The Delhi government on Monday approved Rs 15 crore to “strengthen” the stretch of Ring Road from the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) to Ashram here.
The decision was taken at an Expenditure Finance Committee meeting chaired by Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia, who announced it.
With its dystopian story of racial exploitation behind the veneer of modern America, "Sorry to Bother You," the first movie by the rapper Boots Riley, is showing the fresh vitality in African American cinema.
The movie, which hits US theaters on Friday, comes a year after the runaway success of "Get Out," the first feature film by Jordan Peele about a town of wealthy white people who conspire to implant themselves into African American bodies. "Sorry to Bother You," also made on a small budget, marks a new outlet for the militant voice of Riley, best known as the frontman of The Coup, the politically engaged and critically praised hip-hop group. With echoes of science-fiction classic "Metropolis," the film focuses on exploitation at a telemarketing firm, whose workers are crammed into the basement as executives work on floors above them in vast rooms bathed in light.
Separating them is an elevator, which becomes the setting for several comical scenes. The hero Cassius - played by Lakeith Stanfield, who also starred in "Get Out" - can only ascend in the elevator, and the symbolic social ladder, as he switches into a "white voice."
New settings for race
Much like "Get Out," set in a placid town where the villain is said to have voted for Barack Obama, "Sorry to Bother You" shines a light not on police brutality or other more obvious issues in Donald Trump's America but instead looks at racism in ostensibly safe confines. In "Sorry to Bother You," the CEO of fictitious corporation WorryFree reflects the worst traits of a Silicon Valley executive, a visionary who dreams of uber-workers who are half-human, half-horse.
Riley - the son of Chicago labor activists who has spent his life on the fringes of Silicon Valley in Oakland, California - searched for several years to find an audience for his screenplay. He first turned "Sorry to Bother You" into a 2012 album by The Coup which merged rap delivery with live orchestration.
The 47-year-old first-time director said it was an uphill battle to be taken seriously in film. It's "as difficult as it would be if your favorite saxophone player said he wanted to build your house. You are a musician with a script -- who wants to read that?" he told Agence France-Presse (AFP).
The film pays tribute to several social movements of recent years including Black Lives Matter and Occupy Wall Street, in which Riley was active.
It is too early to tell if "Sorry to Bother You," which won acclaim at the Sundance Film Festival in January, will see the same success as "Get Out" - let alone "Black Panther," the much-larger budget film from Marvel about an African super-hero that has quickly become one of the highest-grossing movies of all time.
But cast members are saluting the rise of such films as proof that, some 30 years after the breakthrough of Spike Lee's racial drama "Do the Right Thing," African American cinema is dynamic, original and nuanced.
Tessa Thompson, who plays Cassius' girlfriend Detroit in "Sorry to Bother You," voiced hope that more movies would follow, saying that black cinema's problem had never been a lack of talent.
"It really has to do with a lack of opportunity and a perceived lack of an audience. What you see with 'Get Out' is that there is an audience for it - and the audience, by the way, is not just black," said Thompson, whose previous films have included 2014's historical saga "Selma" and last year's action flick "Thor: Ragnarok."
Stanfield said that African American films were showing they can be "imaginative and crazy" - and also simply fun.
"You don't have to come see us talk about our place in America and cry all the time," he said. "You can leave the theater feeling hopeful, like this film makes me feel, and still talk about the deep things that affect us every day."
Madrid: Real Madrid's first foray into the January transfer market will be to snap up Athletic Bilbao's promising goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga, Madrid-based sports daily Marca reported on Monday.
Arrizabalaga's contract expires in June meaning he could leave Bilbao for free at the end of the season.
However, Real plan on beating any competition to the 23-year-old's signature by paying his €20 million ($23.5 million) buyout clause.
"When the winter window opens, (Madrid) will pay the 20 million buyout clauses to evade the risk that (Arrizabalaga) is punished for not renewing his contract by not playing and loses the chance to go to the World Cup in Russia," said Marca's report.
Arrizabalaga, 23, is understudy to Manchester United's David de Gea for Spain and made his senior international debut in November's 5-0 friendly win over Costa Rica.
"We will try everything possible so that Kepa stays here, but shortly there will be a definitive decision," Athletic president Josu Urrutia told Movistar TV as Arrizabalaga shut out Madrid in a 0-0 draw in Bilbao last weekend.
Madrid famously missed out on the signing of De Gea after failing to register their transfer agreement with United in time on the final day of the transfer window in August 2015.
De Gea was seen then as the long-term replacement to club legend Iker Casillas, but with Keylor Navas in goal Madrid have won the Champions League in each of the last two seasons.
Navas, though, has missed 10 matches due to injury already this season and neither he, nor second choice 'keeper Kiko Casilla have convinced in a poor start to the season for Madrid, who trail Barcelona by eight points at the top of La Liga.
Wish you could have the super good looking depth effect photos that the iPhone 7 Plus has, but don't want the iPhone 7 Plus? There's an app for that!
Bokeh and blur effects apps have been available for the iPhone for practically as long as the iPhone has been in existence. However, when Apple launched the iPhone 7 Plus with Portrait Mode – which creates a faux depth-of-field so your photos look more like DSLR quality – developers have focused more on, well, focusing. That is, blur effects photo apps have started popping up that feature some kind of depth effect similar to Apple's Portrait Mode for the iPhone 7 Plus.
A few apps recently launched in the App Store that feature background blurring software, which produce a similar effect as Portrait Mode. So, if you're feeling depth effect envy, but don't want to buy an iPhone 7 Plus, you can make your photos pop with your current model phone.
There's an app for that
The two apps I'm focusing on right now are called Depth Effects and Patch: Smart Portrait Editor. The former costs $3.99, while the latter is free to download with a $1.99 in-app purchase to unlock the ability to remove the watermark. Both have unique features that make it possible to create depth effect on your photos.
Depth Effects
Depth Effects lets you take photos using the in-app camera or select a picture from your photo library. Once a photo is loaded, you can tap the Blur feature, and then tap Mask to get started. You can select a brush style, either round or square, and increase or decrease the brush opacity and adjust the size.
Then, use your finger to select an area that you want to apply the blur effect and "paint" it. You can zoom in on the photo to get more details.
Because you can adjust the blur opacity, you can start with a strong blur in the background, and lighten the effect as you get closer to the subject of your photo.
If you make a mistake, you can tap the reverse tool to erase an area you've painted. Tap the View tool to see where the mask is applied on the picture.
In addition to the blur feature, Depth Effects includes a set of lens flare filters and glare filters, as well as typical color filters, all of which have fine-tuning adjustments.
The masking tool is a little weird. When you place your finger on the screen, the mark is applied about a half-inch above it. It's great for being able to see where the tool is being applied, but is hard to get used to. I think I'd prefer the tool to apply directly under my finger.
I love the flare and glare effects. They are well made and look more realistic than most flare and glare filters I've used in other apps. I wouldn't use them with a depth effect photo, though. That would distract from the overall look.
Patch: Smart Portrait Editor
Patch starts off by automatically rendering background blur for you. It pretty much never works completely right, but the good news is, you can manually make adjustments.
You can't take a picture from inside Patch, you'll have to select a picture from your photo library. After the automatic blur is rendered, you can tap the editing tool at the top of the screen and add or erase the effect on different areas. You can increase or decrease the size of the tool, and adjust the strength of the effect. You can't apply different strengths to different areas, though. The entire image will apply the same blur effect.
I really like how Patch automatically applies the background blur. It makes it much easier to simply clean up the mistakes instead of having to start from scratch and blur the entire background. It may only have one feature, but the developers spent a lot of time working on making that feature work well.
Free with in-app purchase - Download now
But how do they compare to Portrait Mode?
I tested both Depth Effects and Patch against the iPhone 7 Plus's Portrait Mode. I must admit, I was surprised at how good the two apps performed. Other than my own minor painting errors, the depth effect looked nearly as good as the effect in Portrait Mode.
One thing I like about using the apps over using Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus is that you don't have to set up the shot so meticulously. When taking a picture with the iPhone 7 Plus, you have to be a certain distance away and the lighting has to be good. Using Depth Effects or Patch, you can take an action shot in the dark from very close range and still be able to produce depth effect.
The thing that makes Portrait mode better than using an effects app is that all you have to do is take the picture and the software produces a near-perfect background blur that you don't have to put any work into. It is much easier to use, which is great because, it's not that often that I feel like sitting down to paint a picture after I've taken a snapshot.
In the end, I prefer using Portrait Mode on the iPhone 7 Plus to using an app, but if you don't have this particular model, Depth Effects and Patch are good alternatives.
I prefer Patch over Depth Effects simply because I love how it automatically renders the background blur. Even though you still have to fix some of the masking errors, it works fairly well. Some may prefer having the options available in Depth Effects, though. There are more tools and more customizations available.
How about you?
Do you use an app to reproduce the depth effect that Portrait Mode offers on the iPhone 7 Plus? Which is your favorite and why? Stay tuned for our Battle of the 'fauxtrait' mode apps review.
Chennai: Opposition DMK will stage a protest here on Tuesday urging the Centre and state government to expedite rescue of missing Kanyakumari fishermen post Cyclone Ockhi, party working president MK Stalin said on Monday.
The DMK leader also said he has sought an appointment with Tamil Nadu governor Banwarilal Purohit to take up the issue.
Speaking to reporters here, he claimed different figures were being given by various officials in the state government and Ministers on the number of fishermen missing since the cyclone hit Kanyakumari recently, especially affecting the fishermen community.
Scores of them who had ventured into the sea for fishing prior to the cyclone are yet to return, according to their families and relatives.
"The Centre and state governments are ignorant in conducting a survey (of missing fishermen). I have been insisting that only if Kanyakumari is declared as a disaster-affected district can due steps (to address problems) be taken," the DMK leader said.
"DMK fishermen's wing will stage a massive agitation on Tuesday pressing the Centre and the state government to expedite rescue of missing fishermen," Stalin said adding he will lead the protest.
Stalin, Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly, said he had sought an appointment with the Governor to discuss "fishermen's issues."
Since the governor was not in town, an appointment was likely on Wednesday, he added.
In a separate statement, Stalin questioned why Chief Minister K Palaniswamy has not visited Kanyakumari so far and met families of missing fishermen.
He criticised Palaniswamy for focusing on the RK Nagar bypoll and the birth centenary celebrations of AIADMK founder, the late chief minister, MG Ramachandran.
Rev. Howard Coop, 89, Lancaster, Kentucky and a native of Cumberland County, passed away Wednesday, May 23, 2018 at his home. He served 42 years as a pastor of small, medium, and large membership churches and was an author of many inspirational books.
He is survived by several nieces and nephews, special great-nephew, Ron Moberly and special friend, Laura Davis Rhinehart.
Funeral services were held Tuesday, May 29, 2018 at Spurlin Funeral Home with Dr. Mike Powers, Rev. Jim Nichols, Rev. Jim Stegall, and Rev. Eric Hughes officiating.
Norris-New Funeral Home was in charge of local arrangement.
LAHORE - PTI chief Imran Khan yesterday said that terrorists were free to strike at will in Punjab and the government had turned a blind eye towards their activities.
“If a Rangers-led operation can be initiated in Karachi, why can't the same be launched in Punjab against the terrorists”, he asked while talking to the media at Ganga Ram Hospital where he inquired after the health of the injured brought there after yesterday's blast.
He stressed the need for de-politicisation of police, saying the army and the rangers would not be able to eradicate the scourge of terrorism unless the police was made an independent force free of political influence.
He said police institution was on the verge of deterioration in Punjab as well as in Sindh. “They get their opponents killed through police. Hamza Shehbaz would appoint SHOs while sitting at Raiwind”, he remarked, adding that the PTI had depoliticized police in KPK.
“We will table bills in the Punjab and Sindh Assemblies to make it a non-political force”, he said.
The PTI chief questioned government's sincerity to implement the National Action Plan, saying: “Had the government implemented NAP there would have been no terrorism in the country.”
He said NAP had the signatures of all political and religious parties including the MQM, but the government was still reluctant to take action against the terrorists.
Khan also demanded implementation on Justice Faiz Issa report, saying it was never too late.
The PTI leader on this occasion recalled a statement by Mian Shehbaz Sahrif who had sent a message to Taliban a few years back telling them to spare the PML-N government since the two shared the same ideology.
He said Nawaz Sharif was least bothered about the NAP as he was focused only on how to save his skin in the Panama case.
Answering a question, he supported merger of FATA with the KPK. He also said that if the FATA residents are not given jobs, it will lead to revival of terrorism in the tribal areas.
To a question, Imran said that Lahore blast could be an international conspiracy to stop PSL final at Lahore. “Our players are upbeat to play in Lahore, but the international players seem terrified”, he said, adding that he wanted to the entire PSL to be played in Lahore.
Meanwhile, rumpus was witnessed at the Ganga Ram Hospital as the management failed to control the PTI workers. A hospital door was broken as they tried to force their entry into the ward where the injured were under treatment.
Imran also visited the residence late Captain Ahmad Mobeen to condole his death with the family members.
Also, senior PPP leaders including Qamar Zaman Kaira, Nadeem Afzal Chan and Samina Khalid Ghurki yesterday visited city hospitals to inquire after the health of the injured persons.
Talking to the media on the occasion, Qamar Zaman Kaira said that Rangers may be deployed in Punjab where needed to trace the terrorists. He also castigated the government for its failure to implement the National Action Plan.
The first public tours of Donald Trump's White House will begin March 7, First Lady Melania Trump announced Tuesday, ending a longer-than-usual pause during the presidential transition.
This means that all three branches of government — executive, legislative and judicial — once again will have their headquarters open for public tours. And for travelers to Washington, D.C., if ever there were a fascinating time to see democracy in action, this is one.
Here's how to see the fireworks up close:
-- At the White House, where it's routine to suspend public tours during a change in administration, the resumption of free tours follows complaints by members of Congress, reported by the Washington Post, that this hiatus (about seven weeks) was lasting longer than in previous transitions.
To request a ticket, contact one of your congressional representatives at least 21 days in advance, but no more than three months ahead. In the past, most tours have been self-guided, available from 7:30 to 11:30 a.m. Tuesdays-Thursdays and 7:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays (except for federal holidays). The schedule is always subject to change. Info here.
Will the tours be different from those during previous presidents? There's no word so far. But chances of glimpsing the first family would seem slim. Melania Trump and son Barron, 10, aren't expected to move from Manhattan into the White House until sometime after the end of the school year
-- At the Capitol, where Congress deliberates, building tours are free, offered 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Mondays-Saturdays. Most visitors make advance reservations through their representatives' offices or the U.S. Capitol Visitor Center's online reservations system, though some same-day tickets are available at the Capitol Visitor Center. (Expect long lines in spring and summer.)
The general tour includes a 13-minute orientation film and stops at the Capitol's crypt, rotunda and National Statuary Hall. Many congressional offices also offer staff-led tours for constituents.
Be warned that parts of the building, including the dome interior, are under restoration, which could restrict access.
Whether or not you tour the Capitol, you can visit the congressional galleries to watch the House or Senate in session. These passes also are obtained by asking your congressional representatives.
-- A ninth justice is expected soon at the Supreme Court, which has been operating with eight since the death of Justice Antonin Scalia last year. The proposed addition is Trump nominee Neil Gorsuch, a federal appeals court judge who is awaiting Senate confirmation.
Touring the Supreme Court building is easier than attending oral arguments, but both are possible and both involve waiting in line, not asking a member of Congress.
If looking around is enough for you, there is a 24-minute film for visitors and exhibitions on court history. Thirty-minute lectures are offered by docents every hour on weekdays when the court isn't in session (first-come, first-served). When court is in session (the first Monday in October through June, usually, with holiday breaks), the lectures are offered after the justices have adjourned.
To hear oral arguments, check the court's calendar, then make your plans. Your odds are best on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays, October through April. As the court's website notes, justices usually hear two hour-long oral arguments per day, at 10 and 11 a.m., with third or fourth hours added if the workload requires it.
Seating is limited and admission is first-come, first-served. (On days when a landmark ruling is expected, people have been known to hire line-standers to wait for them.)
christopher.reynolds@latimes.com
Follow Reynolds on Twitter: @MrCSReynolds
On Thursday 25th January 2018, the Dominica Amateur Radio Club Inc. (DARCI) held its annual general meeting at its club site at Canefield East, to elect a new Executive Committee from among its members.
The new Executive Committee comprises:
Joseph Raymond – President
Roger Blanchard – Vice President
Hilkiah Lavinier – Secretary
Gordon Royer – Treasurer
Eric Cognet – Anniversary Chairman
Kathy Raymond – Fund Raising Chairman
John Christian – Education Chairman
Clement James – Operation and Maintenance Chairman
John Mitchel – Field Day Chairman
Sheinel Elizee Daway – Assistant Secretary/Treasurer
The Executive Committee will serve for the period January – December 2018 and will set the agenda for the club.
The Executive Committee meets on the first Thursday of every month and the general membership meet on the second Thursday of every month at the club site.
DARCI provides emergency communication in times of disaster to the people and Government of Dominica and also to world
when called upon.
Canadian expert says his analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
(KEN SWART - For The Oakland Press) The Lake Orion Dragons defeated the Birmingham Groves Falcons 1-0 in the OAA Blue Division matchup played on Tuesday April 24, 2018 at Lake Orion HS. (Oakland Press photo by Ken Swart)
LAKE ORION >> The Lake Orion Dragons girls soccer team edged out the Birmingham Groves Falcons 1-0 on a late penalty kick Tuesday night to take command of the Oakland Activities Association Blue race.
The girls have played good every game, Lake Orion head coach Chris Corteg said. Today, we caught a break with a handball, capitalized and then hung on. He added that, The girls have worked very hard for this, fitness wise. Its been very tough on them. Tonight was one of those first matches where players on the field have to solve the problems, not the coaches all the time. So we told them yesterday, were giving you the elbow. Youre out of the nest tomorrow. Were there for you. Well tweak things, but youve got to solve issues and problems on the field. And I thought they did tonight.
PHOTO GALLERY FROM GROVES VS. LAKE ORION
After Groves was called for handball in the penalty box, Marisa Szydlowski stepped up and slotted in the penalty kick, picking the lower right corner with 2:55 to play.
Advertisement
Overall, the game was a defensive battle with both teams struggling to create many offensive chances.
The Falcons did come close early in the second half, firing a dangerous crossing ball in front of the Lake Orion net, but Dragons goalkeeper Chelsea Styma came off her line to snag the ball before it could get through to an attacker on the back post.
She (Styma) has played well. She had a clean sheet, kept things in front of her and simple, Corteg said.
Falcons goalkeeper Kate Marzalek made an equally impressive play with 11 minutes left when she charged down a breakaway and turned the shot around the post.
But the rest of the game was dominated by team defense. Groves captain Emma Lucken led the way for the Falcons, while the Dragon defense was anchored by Hannah Buccellato and Claire Drury.
We played last year, 1-0 we won at their place. They had a lot of returning players, so I felt it would be a good game, Corteg said.
With the win, Lake Orion improves to 3-3 overall and takes control of the OAA Blue race with a 3-0 division mark. Next up for the Dragons are a pair of non-conference games against Summit Academy on Thursday and Sterling Heights Stevenson on Saturday.
Birmingham Groves slips to 5-2 overall and 3-1 in OAA Blue. The Falcons are back in action on Friday when they travel to Clawson for a non-conference matchup. Groves then returns home on Monday to host crosstown rival Seaholm.
Tamra Judge was furious on the previous season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, as she felt completely betrayed by her former friend. It's no secret that Tamra forgave Vicki Gunvalson for the cancer scandal with Brooks Ayers, because she wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt. Judge had a feeling that maybe Vicki was being genuine with her feelings, but she quickly learned that Vicki just wanted to get into her good graces again. On the trip to Ireland, Judge learned that Gunvalson had been spreading rumors about her, her marriage and her husband. And it sounds like some fans believe that both Tamra and Heather Dubrow won't be back for another season of The Real Housewives of Orange County. According to a new tweet, Tamra Judge has been rather silent on social media since the previous season ended, but someone decided to call both her and Heather out for supposedly removing “RHOC” from their Twitter bios. Of course, the ladies are gearing up for another season at the moment, and it is possible they are looking through contractual offers before signing on for another season. Maybe Bravo wanted to give them some time off before the next season, as last season was horrendous in the drama department. @TamraBarney Is Breaking Her Own Rule on Posh Hawaii Vacation https://t.co/gVoBgXVYEz pic.twitter.com/hQsZenKAjZ — Bravotv (@Bravotv) December 5, 2016 “Speculation that Heather and Tamra are not returning to #RHOC as both of them removed RHOC from their bios… hmmm,” read the tweet from an account that often talks about The Real Housewivesfranchise, but it was written in pure speculation. While Tamra Judge remained silent on social media about supposedly removing “RHOC” from her Twitter bio, Heather decided to set the record straight. As it turns out, she never referenced the show in that manner in her bio. And as for Tamra, she still uses the word “housewife” in her Twitter bio. “I love how this person with no followers starts rumors…. hmmmm wonder who that could be??” Heather Dubrow replied to the rumors, hinting that perhaps Kelly Dodd had started the rumors that she and Tamra Judge were leaving the show, to which one person replied, “Somebody got butt hurt and deleted the link. Funny. Glad ur not going anywhere Heather Dubrow U & Tamra Judge make the show!” “Why is #RHOC missing from your bio?! Are you telling us something?!????? Please don't leave!” one person wrote to Heather in a panic, who replied with, “It was never on my bio :)” So if Heather and Tamra Judge aren't leaving, does that mean Vicki could be leaving the show? Well, she recently posted a New Year's Eve message to her followers, where she used the “RHOC” hashtag, hinting that she was not leaving the franchise behind anytime soon. Heather Dubrow, The Real Housewives Of Orange County, Signed, Autogrpahed, 8X10 Photo, a… https://t.co/sWlMGSdlcB pic.twitter.com/fMDF7tDKeL — Best Deals Todays (@bestdeals2days) December 28, 2016 “Happy new year from our family to yours. Make 2017 the best ever. We [heart] you all! #RHOC #Make2017YourBestYearYet,” Vicki Gunvalson wrote on Instagram, while sharing a picture of her boyfriend Steve and her daughter Brianna with her family. Judge was furious last season when she learned that Vicki had been talking about her behind her back to newcomer Kelly Dodd. It's no secret that Judge and Dubrow would want both Kelly and Vicki off the show and Judge opened up about her frustrations in her Bravo blog before the show ended. “So who's lying? You could see Vicki felt really uncomfortable and ran down the hall so she didn't have to be confronted. Vicki was doing what she does best tossing her good friends under the bus. By the way Vicki ran off, I believe she was lying to try to get me mad at Kelly. It was so calculated! She knew Kelly had apologized to me and knew I would move on. Seems like Vicki doesn't want me to be friends with Kelly. I wonder why?” Tamra Judge explained in her Bravo blog for The Real Housewives of Orange County, according to Bravo. What do you think of Tamra Judge and Heather Dubrow being the subjects of a rumor that they are leaving the show? [Featured Image by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images for Favored.by]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
When Menab Tesfamariam woke up Tuesday morning, it was to the news that his aunt had been hospitalized after a deadly rampage on the streets of Toronto.
Alek Minassian, 25, is facing 10 first-degree murder charges for allegedly plowing into pedestrians along Yonge Street. He is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder.
One of the victims is Amaresh Tesfamariam. Her nephew tells Global News she is a nurse.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect charged with 10 counts of 1st-degree murder, 13 of attempted murder
Menab said he suspects she was either heading home or on her way to work when she was struck.
“She's a single woman (and) has no kids. She works everyday,” he said in a Skype interview on Tuesday.
“She's a self-made woman. So it's really hard to see something like this could happen to her.”
READ MORE: Van attack suspect Alek Minassian's deadly drive down Yonge Street
Menab and his family live in Texas. He said his mother is flying to Toronto to be by her sister's bedside.
Friends have been keeping them posted on her prognosis. They said she has suffered an injury to her spine.
“Most of her family is here in the States and she's in Toronto by herself. So she's going to have a lot of expenses,” said Menab.
“We're trying to make sure she can still live the normal life that she's lived.”
He launched a GoFundMe campaign on Tuesday in the hopes that it would allow her to do just that.
Ryerson University is also acknowledging the attack. President and vice-chancellor Mohamed Lachemi extended his condolences in a statement.
“We were extremely saddened to learn that one of our TRSM alumni, Anne Marie D'Amico, was a victim of yesterday's tragedy. Our thoughts are with Anne Marie's family, friends, and loved ones at this difficult time,” he said.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack: Chul Min ‘Eddie' Kang among those killed in deadly rampage
We have also learned that a second alumna and a Ryerson contract lecturer were also injured. They are in our thoughts and we wish them well as they recover.”
The contract lecturer they are referring to has been identified as Amir Kiumarsi by a number of sources.
Gregg Rosenthal catches you up on everything you need to know as we turn from Week 14 to Week 15.
It was the best week of games all season, it was one of the worst injuries yet. As Chris Wesseling said on the "Around the NFL" podcast Sunday night, these vengeful 2017 Football Gods are clearly from the Old Testament.
Carson Wentz's season-ending ACL tear rips apart what was already a wide open NFC by greatly diminishing its best team. But the injury doesn't remove the Eagles as a Super Bowl contender.
Eagles defensive end Chris Long's strip-sack of Rams quarterback Jared Goff on Sunday helped secure a vital win over the Rams, which was made bigger by Wentz's exit. It also showed why the Eagles -- who clinched the NFC East on Sunday -- remain likely to win homefield advantage in the playoffs.
Backup quarterback Nick Foles' first start of the season will come in New Jersey against the Giants before the Eagles return home to face a sagging Raiders team and close things out against the Cowboys. Philadelphia should be considered favorites in all three games for the same reasons the Eagles were able to close out a quality opponent Sunday in Los Angeles without Wentz. They boast perhaps the NFL's best defensive line, a strong running game and a creative offensive coaching staff. Foles is a quality veteran backup, familiar with a system that has plenty of run-pass options and is like the one he thrived in under Chip Kelly in 2013, during Foles' first stint in Philadelphia.
These are not the 2016 Raiders, a 12-4 squad whose playoff hopes were essentially extinguished by Derek Carr's fractured fibula in Week 16. That team and its MVP-caliber quarterback had a weak defense and an ill-prepared backup QB, with a record built via a string of comeback victories. The 11-2 Eagles have blown teams out because Wentz's brilliance was supported by a top-five defense, excellent offensive-line play and a coaching staff that can adjust on the fly.
Sunday's win over the Rams, combined with New Orleans' loss on "Thursday Night Football," put the Eagles two games up on the NFC's No. 3 seed (currently the 9-4 Rams, with the 9-4 Saints owning the No. 4 seed). Philadelphia has all but secured a bye and the accompanying home game during the Divisional Round. Three of the top four NFC seeds lost in Week 14, while the Eagles lost Wentz. The No. 1 seed is within reach, especially if the 10-3 Vikings slip up again like they did in their loss to Carolina on Sunday. This is a conference without a superpower, where every playoff team will have legitimate Super Bowl aspirations.
In a season where Case Keenum is leading a viable Super Bowl contender in Minnesota, where the Saints are winning with running and defense, where the Los Angeles Rams are in the mix, it's not crazy to suggest a Nick Foles-led Eagles team will be competitive, if not superior, in any home playoff game.
This is not the season football fans envisioned -- especially, ultimately, in Philadelphia -- but it's the season those punishing Football Gods have given us.
Wentz's injury wasn't the only season-altering development of the week. Here were the other biggest lessons of Week 14:
The Wests can be won in Week 15: The Rams' loss to the Eagles changed the trajectory of Los Angeles coach Sean McVay's next three weeks. Instead of battling for the NFC's No. 1 seed, the team could be battling just to win the NFC West. The Rams can all but end that drama Sunday in Seattle against a banged-up Seahawks team. A win in Seattle would give the Rams a two-game lead in the division with two games to play. A win by the Seahawks would give them a season sweep over the Rams -- which means having the tiebreaker advantage -- and first place heading into Week 16. (It would also mean the Rams finished 1-4 against the top tier of NFC playoff contenders.)
One week can change so much in the NFL. Seattle's win over Philadelphia in Week 13 gave the team the look of a title contender again, but Sunday's loss in Jacksonville coupled with Bobby Wagner's hamstring injury puts them on the brink. (Wagner's campaign for Defensive Player of the Year, like Wentz's MVP bid, could end prematurely.) The Seahawks need to beat the Rams; otherwise, they'll face a steep uphill climb just to make the playoffs.
The AFC West race could be similarly close to wrapping up. Despite their four-game winning streak, the Chargers face a near must-win situation in Kansas City on Saturday night. The Chiefs have a chance to sweep the season series, essentially reducing their magic number to one to win the division with two weeks left. The Chargers are the better team right now, with the better quarterback and the far better defense. But the Chiefs' victory over Oakland on Sunday was a reminder of how much coaching matters, and I'd never count out Andy Reid in a matchup against a rookie head coach.
Antonio Brown has a chance to be the first wide receiver to ever win NFL MVP: This is the season where Brown reached a tier of sports excellence that only immortals have roamed. We expect Brown to come up with something magical, and then it happens. Every week.
His four-week tour across the NFL's prime-time properties, which concluded on Sunday night, should not soon be forgotten: 39 catches for 627 yards, six touchdowns and three game-defining plays. There was the impossible toe-tap to beat the Packers in Week 12, followed by the tenacious, clutch touchdown against the Bengals in Week 13, followed by the 34-yard catch to beat the Ravens (again) and win the AFC North (again), a play that was more remarkable because everyone could see it coming.
Tom Brady, the NFL's leader in passing yards per game, passing yards per attempt and interception percentage, still has my hypothetical MVP vote. But Brown is now a strong No. 2 with three weeks to go. AFC homefield advantage may not be the only thing on the line when the Patriots head to Pittsburgh on Sunday.
Jacksonville can win with offense: The Jaguars needed a victory like Sunday's 30-24 win over Seattle: in a home game against a playoff-tested opponent, with Blake Bortles playing a key role. It was the organization's biggest win in a decade, setting up a chance for Jacksonville to claim the AFC South before heading to Tennessee in Week 17.
Everyone knows the Jaguars' pass defense is special, and they delivered for two and a half quarters Sunday, holding Russell Wilson to 36 yards with two interceptions on his first 17 attempts. A funny thing happened, however, when the Jaguars' secondary mysteriously collapsed, allowing three touchdown drives of two plays or fewer: Bortles steadied the ship. While he missed a few throws, he consistently made good decisions and completed some difficult passes for the second straight week. The Jaguars scored 27 points on five straight possessions against the Seahawks, with the final two drives in that stretch taking up more than 13 minutes of playing time. The emergence of talented rookie receiver Dede Westbrook alongside Marqise Lee will make it tougher for teams to keep loading up to stop Leonard Fournette and the Jaguars running game. (Jacksonville still ran for 156 yards against the Seahawks.) Seattle was without linebackers Bobby Wagner and K.J. Wright late in the game, but it's worth noting that the Jaguars are now capable of taking advantage of such situations.
When Wilson got the ball back with Seattle down six points and 2:38 to go, I expected him to spin more of his magic. Instead, the Jaguars, keyed by a Malik Jackson sack, didn't allow a first down. On third-and-11 on the ensuing Jaguars drive, Bortles did the most Jaguars thing possible and handed the ball off. Fournette picked up the first down, a moment that should have been the lasting memory from the win before the Seahawks defense and the Jaguars crowd ruined it. When the Jaguars host their first playoff game since the 1999 postseason next month, they will be able to look back at this win and remember how both sides of the ball came through when it mattered.
The Raiders are who we thought they were: The question is not how the Raiders went from preseason darlings to 6-7. The question is how this team won six games at all with one of the league's worst defenses and one of the most predictable offenses. The Raiders trailed 26-0 with 10 minutes left in Kansas City on Sunday, having been outflanked in every phase by the Chiefs' staff. (It could have easily been 38-0 if not for some Chiefs mistakes in the red zone.)
"We had high hopes heading into today. It was a big day, a big moment, and we didn't play well," Raiders coach Jack Del Rio said after the game.
Derek Carr put it more succinctly.
"There is no easy way to put this one. We sucked," Carr said.
Del Rio fired defensive coordinator Ken Norton Jr. three weeks ago. Del Rio also gambled by replacing veteran offensive coordinator Bill Musgrave after last season, promoting in-house option Todd Downing. Nearly every aspect of the offense has disappointed since, with the exception of Marshawn Lynch's tough running. Carr has too often missed seeing open receivers down the field and taken checkdown passes before pressure arrived. The lasting image of Sunday's game was Carr continuing to throw short passes over the middle while down two scores, a symbol of a season that has been going nowhere fast for a while.
The Packers and Cowboys do their part: Green Bay and Dallas continued to spice up the "in the hunt" part of the NFC playoff picture, as the 2016 Divisional Round opponents barely hung on to postseason hopes with wins over the dregs of the league. If the Cowboys beat the stumbling Raiders next week, they'll head into a Christmas Eve matchup against Seattle at 8-6, with Ezekiel Elliott back in the lineup. A relevant Week 16 game is better than Cowboys fans could have hoped for a few weeks ago.
The 7-6 Packers are a trickier team to project. They have a weak enough roster to get outplayed for most of their games against the Buccaneers and Browns over the last two weeks. In the first quarter of the season, with Aaron Rodgers in the lineup, the offense failed to top 375 yards in any one game. The road to the playoffs will be difficult for the Packers regardless, without even taking into account the possibility that Rodgers still may not play at all this season.
Over the last week, I've seen countless analysts talk about Rodgers' potential return in Week 15 from a broken collarbone suffered in Week 6 as if it was a fait accompli, as if the Packers' medical staff had nothing to do with the decision. Just because Rodgers is eligible to come off injured reserve doesn't mean doctors will determine his collarbone is strong enough to withstand punishment from 300-pound linemen. Packers coach Mike McCarthy noted Monday that the decision is now in the hands of the doctors, and it has nothing to do with how Rodgers looks in practice wearing a non-contact jersey. Their final determination could go a long way toward shaping these final three weeks of the NFC playoff race, especially for the Packers' upcoming opponents: Carolina, Minnesota and Detroit. Anyone who pretends to know what those doctors will say is speculating, just like anyone foolish enough to attempt to forecast this post-Wentz NFC.
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @greggrosenthal.
PALLEKELE - Sri Lankan skipper Dinesh Chandimal declared the Test series which ended Monday in a whitewash by India to be the worst of his career, after the hosts were brushed aside by an innings and 171 runs.
India defeated Sri Lanka inside three days in the third and final Test, dismissing the beleaguered islanders for 181 during their follow-on in an extended second session in Pallekele. For Sri Lanka it was their second successive innings defeat and another blow for a side beset by injury woes and leadership changes.
Chandimal, 27, was appointed Test captain after Angelo Mathews stood down last month in the wake of a humiliating one-day series loss to Zimbabwe.
But the thrashing by India on home soil was a low for the veteran of 39 Test matches. "Toughest series no doubt in my career," he told reporters. "We were not able to take the games to five days. There have been four-day Tests and three-day Tests. Worst series ever. Credit goes to India. They have played outstandingly well in the series... losing within two and half days you cannot give any excuses."
Sri Lanka replied with just 135 in their first innings to India's 487, putting the world's top Test team in firm control as early as day two. All-rounder Hardik Pandya set up the win with his blistering 96-ball 108, cracking his maiden century in just his third Test appearance.
Sri Lanka, who swept Australia 3-0 at home last year, struggled during this series as key players were ruled out with injuries. Bowling mainstay Rangana Herath was absent in the final Test, while injuries kept all-rounder Asela Gunaratne and paceman Nuwan Pradeep on the bench. Chandimal said injuries dogged some of his best players, including Pradeep, Suranga Lakmal, Herath and Gunaratne. "I would say the main concern is injuries. The Australia series, we had everyone fit," he said. "I don't want to give excuses. We have to perform better than this," he said, apologising to home fans.
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup have received a huge boost after talismanic forward Son Heung-min made a surprise appearance for English Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday.
Son broke his right forearm on international duty in June and had been expected to miss about three months of action, potentially ruling him out of the Koreans' last two qualifiers against Iran on Aug. 31 and Uzbekistan five days later.
However, with the dynamic wide man coming off the bench in Spurs' 2-0 win over Newcastle United, South Korea coach Shin Tae-yong was hopeful Son would be fighting fit for the upcoming Asian qualifiers.
"He looked a lot better than I'd expected, though he still seemed a bit careful in physical battles," Yonhap News agency quoted Shin as saying on Monday.
"I wasn't sure if he would even be on the bench for the match. If he gets a couple more matches under his belt, then I am sure he'll be even better."
South Korea are second in Group A, seven points behind the already qualified Iran but only a point above third-placed Uzbekistan, who next play China away.
Only the top two from the group qualify automatically for Russia in 2018, while third earns a playoff against the third-placed team in Group B and another playoff against a side from the North American, Central American and Caribbean region.
Shin, who replaced Uli Stielike as coach after Korea's defeat in Qatar in June, also included Ki Sung-yueng in his 26-man squad, despite the Swansea City midfielder not expected to recover from a knee injury until mid-September.
Shin has said Ki's experience on and off the pitch is invaluable for the team and he would include him in the squad regardless of his fitness.
(Writing by Peter Rutherford; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
At the fore of the world's petrochemical import list, Turkey is set to reduce imports with a TL 135 billion ($33.25 billion) incentive package recently announced by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to be provided for 23 projects and 19 companies. Supported by the Project-Based Incentive System, CFS Petrokimya will produce polypropylene in Adana through an investment of TL 4.11 billion.
The company will set up production in the Energy Specialized Industrial Zone in Yumurtalık, Adana, and build its own port nearby. Planning to produce 500,000 tons per year, the company will employ 1,000 people and meet 20 percent of Turkey's polypropylene imports, according to a report in Turkish Dünya daily.CFS Petrokimya's co-founder and board member, Albert Özmizrahi, said ever since they entered this business, they have witnessed a snowballing deficit in Turkey.
"Only Petkim is established in Turkey. Other than that, regardless of the petrochemical statistics, Turkey ranks in the top five in imports in the industry's entire product groups," Özmizrahi said, highlighting that they come second in the world in their field of investment, right after China.
Pointing to an annual current account deficit of between $2.5 billion and $3 billion, which may vary due to variability, he said this figure has grown by 10 percent since 2004. "According to official records we reached around 450,000 to 500,000 tons of imports in 2004. In 2017, we imported 2.2 million tons," he recalled."At that point, we realized that every country sold their products to Turkey and prepared their production according to the Turkish market," Özmizrahi said, noting that they thought about investing with this much deficit and use in question. Describing the investment process, he recalled that while they were discussing the investment, the incentive package was announced by the prime minister. "We started doing research. There had been some attempts in Turkey to establish such a facility, but they had stalled. They had problems with raw materials, but now the world has overcome that problem," Özmizrahi said.
Stating that the U.S.'s entry into the market was also effective in this regard, opening up the supply of raw materials, Özmizrahi said they conducted a feasibility study after they learned they could supply raw materials. "We came together with one of the world's leading petrochemical reporting companies and prepared a joint project for four months," he continued. "When we saw the outcome, we realized that it could work. After finding the raw materials, the current account deficit and the frequency of use in Turkey showed that this was doable."
Özmizrahi said the project requires an investment of $1.2 billion. "We will add equity capital as well. Apart from that, we will also turn to project financing. We are currently working on it. The consortium is most likely to happen. We are in contact with the banks both at home and abroad. We have a little more distance to cover," he concluded.
NASA's Dawn spacecraft is sending back incredible close-ups of the dwarf planet Ceres.
The spacecraft has been circling Ceres since 2015. In June, it reached its lowest orbit yet, skimming the surface from just 35 kilometers up.
The latest pictures released on Monday offer unprecedented views of a huge impact crater known for its bright salty deposits. Landslides are clearly visible on the rim.
Chief engineer Marc Rayman of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, says the results are better than hoped.
Before arriving at Ceres, Dawn explored the asteroid Vesta. Both are in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
Launched in 2007 with an ion engine, Dawn is nearing the end of its extended mission. NASA expects the spacecraft to last just another few months.
Share:
Islamabad - National Language Promotion Department (NLPD) has planned to arrange a calligraphy exhibition this month as a part of its efforts to revive the glorious form of Islamic art.
Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage, Syed Ali Zafar, is likely to inaugurate the exhibition while local and international level calligraphers will be part of the exhibition, an official of NLPD told APP.
The arrangement for holding a calligraphy exhibition is being finalized by Calligraphy Wing of NLPD under the supervision and guidance of National History and Literary Heritage (NH&LH) Division.
Federal Secretary for NH&LH Division, Engineer Aamir Hasan and Chairman NLPD, Iftikhar Arif will also be present on the occasion.
The calligraphy works of noted local and international calligraphers will be displayed at the exhibition and will be open for general public, especially art lovers.
A calligraphy related book will also be launched.
I can guarantee two things if you go to watch Fat Friends the musical.
One, you'll never be able to look at a Flake quite the same again.
And two, you will really fancy a massive bag of fish and chips on the way home.
Which is handy, because the newest musical on the block is playing the Opera House at Blackpool Winter Gardens and I counted nine salt and vinegar-based establishments on my five minute walk from car to theatre.
Kay Mellor's Fat Friends has stormed into Lancashire's liveliest seaside resort, a perfect fit for it's brash, heart-warming, no-nonsense northern humour which puts two fingers up to the stuffier musicals where stars must be five foot nine and a size eight.
Based on the TV series of the same name, Kay Mellor's only appearance is the mobile phone announcement before curtain up but the cast is largely drawn from the north and this run is a homecoming for its star turn, the roof-raising talent of reality show turned musical darling Jodie Prenger.
The Blackpool lass, educated at Elmslie Girls' School and Blackpool and the Fylde College before stardom struck, was able to inject her enigmatic personality and quite astonishing voice into a role which clearly means a lot to her personally and particularly poignant in her home town, tweeting her nerves before the show.
She battled the same issues on TV show 'The Biggest Loser' as her character does here. As Kelly, she is under pressure to fit into the wedding dress she loves, but does the self-proclaimed diet-hater really have to conform to be the same as everyone else?
She shines on stage alongside her sharp-tongued and skinny sister Joanne (Rachael Wooding) and her nice but dim fiance Kevin who loves her just as she is, played by Andrew Flintoff.
Yes, you heard right, all eyes were turned on a most unusual casting, Preston-born cricket all-rounder Andrew 'Freddie' Flintoff, who not only was acting but singing including a solo in the show, which features music by Nick Lloyd-Webber (Andrew's son).
Fat Friends
Although I was holding my breath for the most Freddie's solo turn, he actually managed remarkably well and most certainly can act and sing, getting some of the loudest applause of the night though he did not look entirely comfortable and I don't blame him.
It must be terrifying to sing on a stage in context of the formidable Jodi, Sam Bailey (playing Jodie's weight-loss champion mum Betty) not to mention the pop princess Natasha Hamilton of Atomic Kitten fame.
But where Freddie lacks experience in performance finesse he more than make up for in charm. His performance is both likeable and funny and warmth emanates toward him from the audience.
Natasha plays the formidable and slightly barmy 'Super Slimmer' boss Julia Fleshman who fixates on Jodie's weight loss journey as a way to fame and fortune, taking few prisoners on the way.
Undoubtedly her performance is one of the strongest in the show with her slick Scouse humour and gritty singing voice - she certainly knows how to dominate a stage.
Natalie Anderson as the weight obsessed but skinny Lauren , leader of the local slimming branch and desperate for love, is also compelling with her storyline and her care for everyone else.
But this was, more than anything, a riotous, ensemble, performance which hits its target market perfectly in the cockles of the heart with a side order of delicious fried fun and a collection of huge personalities for pudding.
You'll leave smiling.
One person is dead after their vehicle left the road and struck a tree near Folletts, Iowa.
On May 30th the Clinton County Sheriff's office responded to the single-vehicle accident on 292nd Street at 350th Ave, just after 7 PM.
Upon arrival, deputies found the vehicle had left the roadway and struck a tree. The driver was the only occupant of the vehicle and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Deputies were assisted at the scene by Low Moor Fire and Rescue, Genesis Ambulance, and the Clinton County Medical Examiner's Office. The name of the decedent is being withheld pending notification of the family.
Tuesday, February 14, 2017 – Weather forecast update at 4pm:
A weather system will advance into our region Tuesday night and Wednesday with bands of precip.
Freezing levels will be between 2000m and 2500m on Wednesday. Expect a wintery mix. Some areas may see the possibility of freezing rain as many parts of the Southern Interior remains near 0C at the surface but warmer air is pushing in at the upper levels.
Sleet will also be a possibility Wednesday and Thursday morning. The precip will taper off by Thursday night.
Signs point to a break on Friday but the weekend looks unsettled with the potential for another system to track into the region from the South.
Wednesday's daytime high range: 0 to +6
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5 and 6:30 and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane/Wesla
On Tuesday, the Los Angeles Unified School District board members recognized him for his achievement.
He got every single answer correct. It's much rarer than getting the top score of 5, which is possible with a few mistakes.
Noe Martinon, 17, now a senior at Santee Education Complex, was one of them.
Only 108 of those students, or fewer than 1 percent, earned a perfect score on the college-level test for high school students.
More than 163,000 students worldwide took the Advanced Placement Spanish Language and Culture exam last year.
In all, Noe got 5s on three AP exams last year, and he wants to do the same on four more this year.
He took his moment before the board as an opportunity to make sure people know that his community and his school just south of downtown L.A. are home to high-achieving students.
"I'm not the last one that's going to do something big," Noe said in an interview.
He said he hopes to earn a doctorate in history or political science.
His mother, Irma Palma Estrada, said in Spanish that when she found out Noe received a perfect score she told him, "Wow, lo logras !," or,"Wow, you did it!" Now, she said, she wants him to graduate, and achieve his dreams and ambitions.
Noe's AP Spanish teacher, Jerry Olague, told the board, "Noe "never earned a perfect score in my classroom." But, Olague said, he turned in all his work and came in on the weekends to take practice tests.
This perfect score, the teacher said, was the result of hard work and sacrificed Saturdays.
To learn more about AP classes , check out our guide.
On Tuesday April 24th, 2017 at approximately 12:22 pm several Davenport Police Units responded to W 14th St and Scott St on a report of shots fired. Officers found several shell casings in middle of the street and damage to a vehicle parked on W 14th St.
Central High School was on a soft lockdown following a shot fired incident near the school. The lockdown lasted 8 minutes and was lifted at 1:48 pm.
No injuries were reported. Following-up is being done on this incident. No further information is available at this time.
Anyone with information regarding these incidents is encouraged to “DO WHAT'S RIGHT” and call the Davenport Police Department at 563 326-6125 or submit an anonymous tip via the mobile app entitled “CityConnect Davenport, IA” or “CrimeReports by Motorola”.
The Kangaroo Creek Farm in Winfield is moving to Kelowna.
The popular attraction has been located in Lake Country for the past six years, but now it's running out of space.
More than 100,000 visitors pass through the farm every year and parking has become a problem.
The kangaroo farm owner Caroline Whightman said when she and her husband Greg started the farm, they had no idea how popular it would become.
“We never anticipated this level of support from the locals,” Whightman said. “We never anticipated this level of interest from tourists. It's just amazed us.”
With the permission of the Agricultural Land Commission, the Whightmans plan on moving their farm to a large acreage on Old Vernon Road in Kelowna.
WATCH BELOW: Rare video of a baby wallaby (a species in the kangaroo family) or “joey” peeks out from its mother's pouch
Not everyone is excited about the move, however.
The mayor of Lake Country said he will be a little sorry to see the kangaroos go.
“It's been a huge destination draw for Lake Country,” James Baker said.
But the draw will remain in Lake Country for the least a couple more years.
The move isn't planned until 2020.
*with files from Kelly Hayes
By Medha Singh
(Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday, with a surge in energy stocks helping Wall Street recover from a steep selloff in the previous session that was driven by political turmoil in Italy.
Hopes that Italy might avoid a potentially damaging general election set the markets off to a strong start on Wednesday.
At the session's peak, the S&P 500 erased all its losses from Tuesday on news that Italy's 5-Star Movement party called for eurosceptic economist Paola Savona to withdraw his candidacy as economy minister to the possible formation of a government.
"The extent that it sold off was probably a little too much. So a little bit of a bounce back is not that big a surprise," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas.
Fears about the political instability had sent investors scurrying to safety assets on Tuesday, with the U.S. Treasury market enjoying its best day in at least about seven years. However, stocks took a beating, with the S&P 500 posting its first 1 percent drop in May.
At 13:13 p.m. EDT the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 286.48 points, or 1.18 percent, at 24,647.93, the S&P 500 was up 32.91 points, or 1.22 percent, at 2,722.77 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 61.05 points, or 0.83 percent, at 7,457.65.
Traders also said the political uncertainty in Italy also led to a drop in the expectations for U.S. interest rate hikes for the year, helping the stock markets gain momentum.
"In essence, investors perceived the mounting risks in Europe to warrant almost one less rate hike this year than just one week ago, a meaningful shift in investor sentiment," John Lynch, chief equity strategist at LPL Financial in Charlotte, North Carolina, wrote in a note.
The S&P energy index jumped 3.13 percent and was on track for its biggest one-day gain in nearly three weeks.
Energy shares, which provided the biggest boost to the S&P 500, benefited from a more than 2.4 percent surge in crude oil prices.
Bank stocks, which were the worst hit on Tuesday, recovered with the S&P financial index rising 1.86 percent.
Cloud-based business software maker Salesforce.com rose 1.7 percent, while computer and printer maker HP Inc jumped 3.4 percent after raising full-year profit forecasts.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 4.28-to-1 ratio on the NYSE. Advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a 2.77-to-1 ratio on the Nasdaq.
The S&P index recorded 24 new 52-week highs and two new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 171 new highs and 21 new lows.
(Reporting by Medha Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
It looks like it will be a white Christmas after all for areas in and around Guelph and Waterloo Region.
Environment Canada is calling for five to 10 centimetres of snow by Tuesday afternoon, while localized amounts of 10 to 15 centimetres are possible.
READ MORE: ‘Tis the season for — fake snowfall warnings, apparently
The snow is expected to begin Monday afternoon and taper off to a few flurries at night or Tuesday morning. Poor winter driving conditions are likely and untreated roads may become snow covered and slippery.
The City of Guelph recently launched its online plow tracker, that will show snow plow locations.
Guelph residents can also subscribe to receive an email update about when a residential plow out is in effect, so residents can get their vehicle off the road.
A joke about tomatoes is going viral these days in which a grocer warns the customers in these words," The people with cardiovascular issues must refrain from asking the prices of tomatoes.
" Indubitably, the joke is well-tuned with the prevalent situation as far as the sky-touching prices of tomatoes is concerned.
The sudden and exorbitant rise in the prices of tomatoes exposed the inability and helplessness of the concerned authorities to control the prices of food items.
It has become a norm of the profiteers to increase the prices of commodities which are in demand the most.
Earlier, during Ramzan, the prices of fruits sky rocketed and the customers had to resort to a three day fruit-boycott to show and register their concern.
In the same way, a few weeks ago it became an herculean's task for the consumers to purchase onions.
Now, it is the tomato which has made the headlines in terms of price hikes.
One wonders, why a country which claims to have an agrarian-based economy faces such problems as exponential increase in the prices of different fruits and vegetables.
The concerned departments must act proactively to bring such untoward instances in order to save the consumers from any inconvenience.
They should spot the hoarders and black-marketers well in time and take strict punitive measures against those who create artificial shortage of edibles to mint money.
The agriculture department must create awareness among the farmers about the monetary benefits of growing vegetables.
It is lamentable that mostly the vegetable growers depend on old and outdated modes of ploughing and cultivating their fields which take much time and the production of vegetables has been nominal as well.
So we have to resort to importing vegetables which costs us a lot.
Furthermore, it is necessary that the authorities at the helm must come up with a viable plan to pinpoint and nab those who rob the common people by exploiting such situations as shortage of fruits and vegetables.
MUHAMMAD FAYYAZ,
Mianwali, September 29.
ISLAMABAD - Opposition leader Khursheed Shah Monday urged the government to stop the extremists from killing people in the name of religion.
Speaking in the National Assembly, he demanded a resolution against the killing of a student in Abdul Wali Khan University in Mardan to discourage such incident in the future. “The government should move a resolution on it to give a strong message. I expect government side will move (a) resolution tomorrow (Tuesday),” said the opposition leader, while speaking on a point of order.
Shah said that Mashal Khan was killed in the name of religion. “It is unfair for people to set up their own court,” he said.
About the prime minister's statement on this matter, Shah said that Sharif should have come to the house to speak on the matter.
The opposition leader also strongly came down hard on the government for not maintaining quorum in the National Assembly. “It seems the government is not interested in running the parliament. It needs to understand the importance of the parliament,” he said.
Shah said that the PML-N government in four years had failed to maintain quorum 120 times.
He lauded the Senate Chairman, Raza Rabbani's, step to ensure presence of ministers in the Upper House of the parliament.
“The quorum was pointed out 200 times due to lack of strength,” Shah said, mentioning that the quorum in PPP's government was pointed out just six times and only once the required strength was not in the house. “This house has become a joke and voters are losing confidence due to non-serious attitude of the government in the parliament,” he said.
About the disappearance of the PPP's members, Shah said that the government should give proper response for not presenting their missing members before the court. “What was the use of passing constitutional amendment last month, as it is clearly mentioned to present the accused before a magistrate,” he said.
This is not the way to pass the constitutional amendment and ignore its implementation, said the opposition leader. He also criticised government over load-shedding issue in the country.
“Where are claims to control the power outages issue in six months,” Shah said that the shortfall had even further increased.
PTI's Shireen Mazari, on a point of order, proposed government to make some amendment in blasphemy law to avoid its abuse. “The government needs to take step for amendment to avoid lynching of innocent people,” she said, supporting the idea of opposition leader to pass the resolution on this context. “Government should bring a resolution in the house, as otherwise opposition will bring its own,” Mazari said.
Ghulam Ahmed Bilour from the ANP, on a point of order, expressed dissatisfaction over the statements of Interior Minister Chaudhary Nisar on the issue of blocking of Computerized National Identity Cards (CNICs) of Pashtuns.
The government side also once again faced embarrassment in the proceedings due to lack of quorum, which lead to adjournment of the house. Though the house with the onset of proceedings witnessed thin presence but the PPP after question hour pointed out quorum ostensibly to disrupt the proceedings.
The PPP has been pointing out quorum for the last three days after the question hour. The opposition party, before staging a walkout, has only been demanding from the government to present their disappeared members before the court.
In Monday's session, the chair (deputy speaker) in order to complete the required strength of 86 lawmakers suspended the house for 20 minutes. Interestingly, the presence of MNAs further reduced as nearly 50 were present when the count was done.
The government side for last three days could not take up any agenda items, as the chair has to adjourn the house due to lack of quorum.
Sport is an expression. And no team articulated it better than Germany on Sunday. Bluntly put, the bronze medal play-off should have been a straight execution; Germany, the lambs, being cut down by sheer numbers of the opposition. But in a different sense, Germany was David to India's Goliath. In pure numbers, it was 16 vs 11. It should have been a mismatch. It wasn't.
For those who didn't know, Germany was missing 5-6 players not only on the pitch but also on the bench. Beyond a point, the Germans were physically over. They played like automatons. In fact, like in the marathons, athletes sometimes lose their physical ability and what keeps them running on asphalt is simply the drill. That's exactly what happened to Germany against India.
The final score-line, however, was 2-1 in India's favour. For the packed Kalinga Stadium, it was a victory to savour. Seconds after the hooter went, the Germans sank to the turf, some prone, some bent over their sticks, some relieved that 120 minutes of hard hockey — two matches with less than 20 hours in between. German captain Martin Haner, Julius Meyer, Christopher Ruhr and Marko Miltaku had fever. Weinke and Linnekogel also fell ill while Timur Oruz, member of the 2016 Olympic bronze-winning team had to fly back with an injury.
India were full strength. It was a bronze medal tempered with the knowledge that much work needs to be done. For an Indian team with more than 1400 matches between them, excuses of not being experienced didn't cut much ice. For the moment, celebrating the win is more important before coming back to the drawing board where the path to the 2018 World Cup needs to be clearly lit up.
At the Kalinga, the performance was tepid, sometimes hazy. The worrying aspect is the yo-yo nature of this Indian team; almost perfect performances on some days, incredibly pathetic on others. It's probably in the nature of how we play that the gremlins invade our minds. Consistency is not something we strive for. In terms of priority, it has always come after skills. Otherwise, how do you show a balanced possession between both the teams — India's 52 percent to Germany's 48?
It should have been quite the opposite. The argument is India plays a different style while the Germans keep rotating and probing. India relies on speed, skill and the sprint to kill the defence. But against an opponent whose legs were giving away, we should have annihilated them. On the contrary, we almost lost the match. Germany had seven penalty corners but no conversions to show — unlike Germany. India had 20 circle entries and only one field attempt — so much India. So is the direction right? Are we growing as a team? To keep saying that India has a new coach is not enough anymore. This is a bunch that should know how to win at least against depleted sides. SV Sunil, Rupinder Pal Singh, Kothajit, Harmanpreet Singh, Manpreet Singh, SV Uthappa, Akashdeep Singh, Chinglensana, Mandeep Sigh are all players with experience at World Cups and the Olympic Games, and that's the worrying aspect.
Opportunities were aplenty against Germany. Crosses fizzed in, but there was nobody at the end of the line. The right flank provided 70 percent of the play, while the left portion of the German striking circle could have accommodated a bunch of spectators, so unused it was. The only time we had a clear sight on goal was when Harmanpreet opened up the defence with a lovely pass that went to Akashdeep on the left side of the German striking circle. His reverse shot rebounded off the German goalkeeper's pads and found Sunil, whose slap-hit went into the corner.
That was the only time when India stretched the Germans. Despite the goal, we were back to playing in a bunch, like a gaggle of school kids not willing to hand over the ball. At times, India plays mesmerising hockey — fast, first touch, dodge, one-touch dribble, subtle deflection. And at times, they cannot hold the ball, or even trap.
Sjoerd Marijne is due for a three-week break. But he would probably try and understand this nature of Indian hockey. He did praise Germany's performance later.
“It was a great performance from Germany. They fought really hard. We wanted to score early. The way they played, it was not a system we are used to. The players were a little bit scared, to lose the ball. I am happy with the win, because matches like these are not easy. Of course, we can improve,” Marijne said.
India's midfield play wasn't expressive enough. With players like Uthappa, Manpreet, Chinglensana and at times even Lalit operating from the half-line, the potency should have been there. But with the captain, Manpreet Singh, also keeping an eye on the defence, forward movement remains stunted a bit. Probably that was one of the reasons why India operated on the right flank with Amit Rohidas and Kothajit, all feeding Sunil.
Yet, you need control in those parts of the match where India has to slow the pace down. It's impossible to play at high speed constantly. In such tactics, losing the ball is part of the script. But the turnover is dangerous. And Germany showed that. Mats Grambusch, at times, went in alone and almost created goals. Thrice in the match, he shot out even though he had Karkera at his mercy. But credit to the Indian goalkeeper for keeping the penalty corners out. It was good to see him come off his line and take the flick on the gloves or pads. The German Niklas Bruns would be disappointed for having missed six of the seven that he flicked.
Marijne speaks about consistency. To be fair, he is right to be worried. But that has been the underlying theme of all the coaches who have tried to do something with this Indian team — Brasa, Terry Walsh, Roelant Oltmans and now Marijne. It's not out of the ordinary to understand that players are mentally brittle. The team also needs to ramp up its ambition quotient.
“The most important thing is consistency,” said Marijne. “That's the thing we need to work on. We played at the highest level. Now we can take steps, what we need to change. We will take our time for that. We have to learn our lessons. The easier thing is to see what we didn't do well. I know that. But if you create chances, it means you did something good.” By the same logic, Germany did better, and India need to be worried.
Yet finishing on the podium is a high. Mentally, that was important. Yes, steps need to be taken. What is important for India is not winning the bronze or the sure-shot medal at the Commonwealth Games or the Asian Games gold but what we put on the pitch at the 2018 World Cup. The Asian Games gold is important for qualifying directly to the 2020 Olympics. But bigger questions need to be answered about the composition of the team.
It would be wonderful to allow Manpreet to grow as captain. But the defence needs work. Even a player of the calibre of Harmanpreet Singh did a stupid error when India led 2-1 giving Germany a penalty corner; that it didn't work out was a relief.
But India will need to look at players kept out like Surender, Sardar, Pardeep Mor and Ramandeep. Mor's runs were missed and it's perplexing that players are dropped out of the mix without reasons being explained. Experience has a value and more than Marijne, one believes David John, the high-performance director should understand that. Indian hockey has constantly re-jigged teams, rebuilt groups without realising that every 2-4 four years players cannot be axed or re-assigned because of a change in tactics.
It's not Indian hockey's fault that every second year we have a new coach. It also means new players. Marijne spoke about the belief in the team. “For me it's always about the team, not the individuals. We want to score 100 goals. There are seven young guys who played the tournament at the highest level against top countries. The guys train so hard to improve PCs. I hope you are proud as well that they won the bronze medal. I am proud. We can see now that we can play against every country. Players really believe they can beat every country. That's a big step.”
German coach Stefan Kermas brought it down to emotion. “I think this game I spoke only about emotional things,” he said. “But it's always good to keep the emotions down and find little tiny small things. This match was quite easy for me, because I just had to concentrate on the pitch. Today the whole power and spirit came off the team. It was not my idea to plan, it was their idea. The idea to win for each other can be most important.”
With a bronze around their necks, feet on the podium where a year later they would play the World Cup, India need to find that fine balance, eradicate the weaknesses and look out for the rapiers the others are already sharpening.
Unitech's loss stood at Rs44.82 crore in the year-ago period. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Realty firm Unitech Ltd on Monday reported a consolidated net loss of Rs38.39 crore for the quarter ended June due to lower sales.
Its loss stood at Rs44.82 crore in the year-ago period, according to a regulatory filing. Total income from operations fell to Rs402.77 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal from Rs487.87 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
“The company on an operational level performed well. The company has enhanced the pace of construction across various projects. The company has also been able to get some additional working capital which is helping speed up execution of the projects,” Unitech said in a statement.
ON THE WAY OUT: The old Macksville Hospital site.
ON THE WAY OUT: The old Macksville Hospital site. NSW Health
THE site for the new $73 million Macksville Hospital has today been announced.
The new hospital will be built three kilometres north of Macksville.
"The designs will be exhibited to the community in early 2018, and actual works on the new site are on track to begin mid 2018,” Member for Oxley Melinda Pavey said.
"I'm particularly proud that we are able to deliver a 'greenfield site' - which will provide a modern, purpose-built facility providing contemporary health services to the people of the Nambucca Valley and the broader region.
The Macksville Hospital Development will include improved facilities in emergency, community health, operating theatres, maternity and in-patient units, as well as improved ambulatory care and outpatient treatments.
Ms Pavey said to get the best clinical outcomes for the community, the Mid North Coast Local Health District - in partnership with Health Infrastructure - are facilitating Project User Groups.
"These groups are made up of clinicians and other staff, patients, carers, as well as members of the community who provide valuable and ongoing insight into the redevelopment,” she said.
Once Conor McGregor and the UFC solved how to split the money that would come from McGregor's novel boxing match against Floyd Mayweather Jr., the deal steamrolled to a rapid conclusion announced by both fighters Wednesday.
“It was a pretty remarkable process,” said Stephen Espinoza, executive vice president of Showtime, which will televise the bout for a still-pending pay-per-view price Aug. 26 from Las Vegas. “Negotiations took less than two weeks after they started in earnest until the deal came from out of the blue.
“It's amazing what can be done when you have two motivated fighters. There were no snags, no hassles, no changeups at all. … The volume of details to make the fight took time, but not the fighters.”
Espinoza was leery of believing such speed in important fight talks could continue after Manny Pacquiao began calling out Mayweather in November 2014, and that deal wasn't finalized until late February 2015.
Espinoza's network televised Mayweather's last six bouts, each guaranteeing the 49-0 fighter more than $30 million.
Terms of this deal have not been revealed, but it's certain that Mayweather will earn the lion's share of the purse and pay-per-view money after raking in more than $200 million for the record-selling Pacquiao bout alone.
“It's one of the fastest big-event deals I've ever seen get done in my career,” Espinoza said. “These guys are so anxious to get in camp and get at each other's throats that they're ahead of the venue and television [pay-per-view price prongs].”
While Mayweather hasn't fought since defeating Andre Berto by unanimous decision in September 2015, McGregor, 28, has been off since becoming the first UFC fighter to simultaneously wear two division belts after knocking out lightweight champion Eddie Alvarez in November.
McGregor (21-3) has shined in stand-up MMA striking, knocking out featherweight champion Jose Aldo in a title-fight-record 13 seconds in 2015.
The bout will be fought at 154 pounds, one pound below where McGregor defeated Alvarez, and where Mayweather defeated Oscar De La Hoya in a massive 2007 bout.
UFC President Dana White said the bout will be fought at T-Mobile Arena, not the MGM Grand, where the bout was approved earlier in the day by the Nevada Athletic Commission.
“Neither guy's weight fluctuates, nor gets out of shape,” Espinoza said.
Because the bout is a boxing match, McGregor is more than a 25-1 underdog at Las Vegas sports books as Mayweather seeks to pass former heavyweight champion Rocky Marciano's 49-0 record at the time of his retirement.
“The problem, from a television/marketing perspective is Floyd Mayweather has been dominant for so long that people take him for granted,” Espinoza said.
“But he's taken two years off, he is 40, and he's fighting a much larger, younger, stronger opponent who might not be an experienced boxer, but is experienced in combat sports and knows how to win fights.
“Boxing rarely goes the way of conventional wisdom, and part of that could be a result from a guy who's taken some time off and is older.”
Will it really matter, given the verbal skills of both men?
“Part of the appeal is that the fights these guys participate in are more than boxing events or MMA fights,” Espinoza said. “These are true spectacles that mainstream society wants to experience. It's a competition you haven't seen before.
“The reputations of these men precede themselves, making this a true sporting spectacle. It feels like a once-in-a-lifetime event.”
lance.pugmire@latimes.com
Twitter: @latimespugmire
MIRPUR (AJK) -AJK Prime Minister Raja Farooq Haider Khan yesterday strongly condemned the unprovoked firing by Indian forces from across the LoC on civil population in various forward villages in Samani sector of Bhimber district that left three persons injured including two women.
The wounded persons were shifted to the district headquarters hospitals of Bhimber and Mirpur. The AJK prime minister directed the departments concerned to provide all medical facilities to the injured of Indian firing.
He said that Indian cannot suppress the spirit of freedom struggle of the Kashmiri people through such cowardice acts. The prime minister said that Indian forces are suffering from severe frustration at the hands of Kashmiri youth that's why are targeting unarmed civilian including children living along the Line of Control.
Mr Farooq Haider regretted that the way, innocent population is targeted in Bhimber district by Indian forces is highly condemnable. He said that India is violating International law by targeting the non-combatant population residing along the LoC and appeal to the international community to take serious notice of Indian provocation on Line of Control.
AJK govt vows youth police, new jobs soon
A youth police and a broad-based self-employment scheme will be introduced in Azad Jammu & Kashmir soon to create jobs especially for the educated youth, an AJK minister pledged.
The minimum age of a voter is also being contemplated to be reduced from 21 years to 18 in Azad Jammu Kashmir to ensure the maximum participation of youth in the politics, said AJK Minister for Youth, Sports and Culture Chaudhry Saeed. he was speaking as chief guest at the capacity-building youth dialogue hosted by Centre For Peace Development & Reforms (CPDR) with the coordination of the British Council.
Researcher & Consultant of British Council Salman Hyder Zaidi, Programme Officer Jalaluddin Mughal, Director AH Rao, President AJK Chamber of Commerce & Industry Sohaib Saeed Ch also addressed the moot.
The conference shared ideas to encourage the inking and implementation of the youth policy by the government in Azad Jammu & Kashmir for coping with the prevailing issue of unemployment.
The minister said that the government was trying her level best to draw and implement the prosperous model of the State through bringing about revolutionary reforms in all spheres of life including the public sector institutions to ensure their vibrant role for the welfare and uplift of the masses across the liberated territory.
Ch Saeed revealed that the volume of non-development budget has been stretched from Rs61 billion to Rs83 billion. The minister disclosed a comprehensive youth policy will also be announced soon.
"The proposed youth policy will be inked after consultation with the youth," he said adding that consultants will be hired to produce the strong and integrated youth policy which would ensure the bright future of young generation.
The minister revealed that 25 percent representation will be given to youth in the forthcoming local bodies elections in AJK to ensure the due role of the youth in development and progress of the nation. Ch Saeed said that the government was seriously contemplating to reduce and determine the minimum age of a voter from 21 years to 18 in Azad Jammu Kashmir.
Original Air Date: 7/21/16. Roseville, California, is now the 21st safest city in the nation with the lowest crime rates the city has seen in 20 years. Roseville Police Chief Daniel Hahn is slated to become Sacramento's next chief of police. He joins the department's social service administrator Bridgette Dean with host Scott Syphax to talk about what's working in Roseville.
Lowering Roseville's Crime Rate
By Andrea Dresdale
Sony Pictures AnimationMariah Carey has received a Golden Globe nomination in the category of Best Original Song from a Motion Picture.
Mariah is nominated for “The Star,” a ballad which she co-wrote with Marc Shaiman. It's from the animated Christmas movie of the same name.
Surprisingly, a Golden Globe is one of the few awards Mariah hasn't won in her storied career. In 1999, her duet with Whitney Houston, “When You Believe,” from the movie Prince of Egypt, was nominated, but she didn't write it, so she didn't receive a nomination.
Her competition in the category includes pop star Nick Jonas, who's nominated for “Home,” a song he co-wrote for the upcoming animated movie Ferdinand. Also in the category is “Mighty River,” a song from the movie Mudbound, written by Mary J. Blige, Raphael Saadiq and Taura Stinson, as well as Coco's “Remember Me,” written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the team who brought you Frozen.
The final nominees in the category are the Oscar-winning duo of Benj Pasek and Justin Paul for “This Is Me,” from the movie The Greatest Showman. They also wrote the lyrics for all of the songs in La La Land.
The 75th Golden Globes will air Sunday, January 7, 2018 on NBC, with Seth Meyers as host.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Comments
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
CLEVELAND — The centuries-old process of releasing defendants on bail, long the province of judicial discretion, is getting a major assist ... courtesy of artificial intelligence. In late August, Hercules Shepherd Jr. walked up to the stand in a Cleveland courtroom, dressed in an orange jumpsuit. Two nights earlier, an officer had arrested him at a ...
Why are we assessing, collecting and spending carbon tax dollars to “solve” a highly disputed and fleeting future climate change problem when, for far less, we could solve a real problem that exists right now. By my reading, there exists a flotsam pool three times the size of France. I think booms and scoopers could take care of this fairly quickly rather than let the pool grow exponentially as the story says. This would be a much quicker and more economical solution to more immediate environmental threats. And perhaps legislation and enforcement against the people that created this pool would help!
George Ewert
The mayor of Fredericton is pumping the brakes on a plan to chop down over a dozen trees to revitalize Officers' Square.
In a statement released Wednesday, Mayor Mike O'Brien said he has directed staff to review the project in order to retain as many large trees as possible.
“This will be done while also trying to implement the key elements of the new Square design identified by the public in the planning processes for the City Centre, the Garrison District, and Officers' Square itself,” Mayor O'Brien said.
READ MORE: Fredericton mayor to take concerns over Officers' Square tree removal back to council
The move comes after over 100 protesters held a rally in Officers' Square on Saturday to voice their concerns with the plan.
At the time, O'Brien called the plan “democracy in action” and said he would take residents' concerns seriously.
WATCH: Battle growing over Fredericton's plan to chop down trees
In his statement on Wednesday, O'Brien said re-engagement between staff and the consulting team will begin immediately, and he expects to hear about what options exist in two to four weeks' time.
“As Mayor, I commit to bringing the results of this re-examination forward to Council in an open public session before a decision is made on how to proceed with the project,” O'Brien wrote.
READ MORE: Fredericton resident plans protest against city's plan to cut down more than a dozen trees
O'Brien said the revitalization project will continue, but the scope of the project will be reduced “to ensure that the large tree at the intersection with Queen Street is unimpacted.”
The NES Classic ships with a wired controller — and with a rather short cable, at that. The NES30 Bluetooth gamepad fixes that.
For everything that's great about the NES Classic — and there's a lot that is really fun here — one glaring black mark remains.
Wired controllers suck. And more than that, the wired controller that comes with the NES Classic is ridiculously short. Maybe not for 1987, but this ain't gonna cut it by 2017's standards.
And so we turn to Bluetooth.
The NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set from 8Bitdo was one of the first out of the gate. (At least that I initially found on Amazon.) And it's the first one we're taking a look at.
The obvious differences: No wire. That's a big one. But almost as big is that you get more buttons. It's really more of a hybrid — Super Nintendo layout in the original NES form. So that's taken my brain a little getting used to.
Pairing was simple enough. Turn off the NES Classic, plug in the receiver (I recommend using Port 1 for this, otherwise you won't be able to navigate the NES Classic menu system). Next, hold down the Start button on the controller for 3 seconds, then press the orange button on the receiver to initiate pairing. It shouldn't take too long at all. You'll see the blue LED on the controller and the blue LED on the receiver stop blinking once they're paired. (The second LED on the controller is to show when it's fully charged — there's a very short microUSB cable in the box to help with that.)
And ... That's that. The controller isn't quite the same shade of gray as the one that comes with the NES Classic, and that's a shame. But it's also a small price to pay to get rid of the wires.
See at Amazon
Water shelves at the Woodburn Safeway store.
Cherrill Crosby/Statesman Journal
SALEM, Oregon — Salem residents are driving as far as Woodburn in search of bottled water following the city's announcement Tuesday that its drinking water supply is contaminated.
Those without the time or means to go out of town are temporarily out of luck.
Neither the city of Salem nor the Oregon Office of Emergency Management plan to coordinate water distribution points, OEM spokesman Cory Grogan said.
Grocery stores across Salem are reporting a growing shortage of bottled water. Officials are telling residents to keep calling local retailers.
“There should be a supply of water coming in to stores,” Grogan said. “It benefits them economically to be distributing water.”
Major retailers such as Costco and Roth's say they're expecting water shipments, but don't know if they will come in today or Thursday.
“We are out of water at the moment,” Costco manager Larry Kelley said.
More: Salem drinking water contaminated, children shouldn't drink tap water
More: 11 questions answered on Salem's water warning
Late Tuesday, Salem announced that an algae bloom discovered a week ago in Detroit Lake is producing low levels of cyanotoxins.
Children younger than 6, people with compromised immune systems, people receiving dialysis treatment, people with pre-existing liver conditions, pets, pregnant women or nursing mothers, or other sensitive people should not drink the water, the city said.
Bottled water should be used for drinking, making infant formula, making ice and preparing food and beverages for those groups.
Reports of price-gauging began appearing on social media by Wednesday morning.
Grogan said the Office of Emergency Management is allowing the city of Salem to coordinate the response to the water crisis.
"We don't get involved unless it becomes overwhelming," he said.
Neither city spokesman Kenny Larson, nor Oregon Gov. Kate Brown, who oversees OEM, could be reached for comment Wednesday morning.
The city expects to receive fresh test results on Thursday. The contamination is also affecting:
Detroit
Gates
Idanha
Jefferson
Lyons
Mehama
Mill City
Salem
Stayton
Turner
More: Bottled water shortages in Salem follow report of toxins in tap water
More: Salem's water contaminated by toxic algae: What we know
Contaminated drinking water in Salem Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24 Store closure signs on the Starbucks at Lancaster and Silverton Road. Many local businesses are closed due to the Salem drinking water contamination. 01 / 24
Follow Tracy Loew on Twitter @Tracy_Loew
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
TOKYO (Reuters) -
FILE PHOTO: The Kobe Steel (Kobelco) headquarters building is seen in Kobe, western Japan October 24, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White/File Photo
Tokyo District Public Prosecutors Office and Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department are set to raid Kobe Steel Ltd's (5406.T) headquarters and production facilities in relation to its data tampering scandal, media reported on Thursday.
Kobe Steel admitted in March its data fraud has been going on nearly five decades and also revealed new cases of cheating. Japan's third-biggest steelmaker said its CEO will step down to take responsibility for the scandal that came to light last year.
A Kobe Steel spokesman said on Thursday the company had no comment beyond its admission in late April that it was under investigation by Japanese authorities over the data tampering. The company is also under investigation by the U.S. Justice Department.
A spokeswoman for the Prosecutors Office said it does not comment on its ongoing investigations in general.
The company's shares were down 0.6 percent by 0013 GMT, compared with a 0.5 percent gain in Nikkei share average .N225.
Turkish troops are getting closer to Syria's Afrin town center, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Saturday.
Turkey's ongoing Operation Olive Branch in Afrin is now in its third week.
Speaking at an ordinary congress of the ruling Justice and Development (AK) Party in the eastern province of Bitlis, Erdoğan said "We are advancing into Afrin [town center]. We are close."
Turkey launched Operation Olive Branch on Jan. 20 along with Free Syrian Army (FSA) to clear PYD/PKK and Daesh terrorists from Afrin, northwestern Syria.
A total of 897 PYD/PKK and Daesh terrorists have been killed so far since the operation has launched.
According to the Turkish General Staff, Operation Olive Branch aims to establish security and stability along Turkish borders and the region as well as to protect Syrians from terrorist oppression and cruelty.
The operation is being carried out under the framework of Turkey's rights based on international law, UN Security Council resolutions, its self-defense rights under the UN Charter, and respect for Syria's territorial integrity.
Since the start of the operation, the PYD/PKK has carried out cross-border attacks on Turkey by firing rockets on civilian neighborhoods, killing at least seven civilians and injuring 107 others including children.
Rich Stevens
Pixel lover and cartoonist. Still have my original Apple IIgs. See more at clango.org or follow him on Twitter @rstevens.
Torlakson said that by 2030, he wants half of the state's 6.2 million K-12 students to participate in classes or programs that lead to proficiency in two or more languages. By 2040, he wants three out of four students to be proficient enough to earn the State Seal of Biliteracy.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
ALPHARETTA, Ga. — May 15, 2018 — Solvay launches FusePly™, a breakthrough composite bonding technology, at SAMPE Long Beach, May 22-23, 2018.
Solvay developed FusePly to enable the build of reliable, bonded composite parts using conventional manufacturing processes, through the creation of covalently bonded structures thus potentially removing the need for abundant rivets and fasteners. It addresses the manufacturing challenges faced by aircraft builders looking for improved performance, build rates and lightweighting.
FusePly offers clear step-change bonding performance and benefits to users:
Improved reliability: Through the creation of chemical bonds, FusePly enables part manufacturers to have increased confidence in bonded structures.
Higher part performance: Compared to mechanical fasteners, FusePly offers higher performance since drilling holes into fiber-reinforced structures introduces structural damage and creates stress concentrations that ultimately reduce the load capacity of the part.
Lightweighting: The reduction and replacement of fasteners with FusePly bonding will substantially reduce the overall weight of the aircraft.
Design freedom: Adhesives offer much greater design flexibility during manufacture and assembly at lower cost. FusePly can easily be integrated into existing manufacturing processes as an upgrade for traditional surface preparation methods.
Solvay will be introducing FusePly at SAMPE Long Beach 2018.
Posted May 29, 2018
Source: Solvay
For once, it wasn't politics, television or film that sent social media into a frenzy — a short story published in the New Yorker set off a fierce debate on Twitter over the weekend.
“Cat Person,” a short story by Kristen Roupenian, drew strong reactions from social media users, many of who lauded the story for its unflinching look at misogyny as seen through the eyes of a 20-year-old woman.
The story follows Margot, a college student and art house movie theater employee who goes on a date with Robert, a 34-year-old man to whom she's not quite attracted. After she ends their brief relationship, the man sends her a string of angry text messages, the last of which just says, “Whore.”
On Twitter, the story drew praise from readers who were impressed with Roupenian's writing, as well as those who found the plot relatable.
Some people took the idea of relatability to a mistaken extreme, discussing the work of short fiction as if it were a personal essay. Still others were unimpressed by the quality of the tale.
The controversy over the story even spawned a Twitter account called Men React to Cat Person, which posts screenshots of tweets from men who didn't like the story.
In an interview with the New Yorker, Roupenian said she wanted readers to sympathize with Margot, and, to a more limited degree, Robert.
“[F]or most of the story, I wanted to leave a lot of space for people to sympathize with Robert, or at least, like Margot, to be able to imagine a version of him — clueless, but well-meaning — that they can sympathize with,” she said. “I have more genuine sympathy for Margot, but I'm also frustrated by her: she's so quick to over-read Robert, to assume that she understands him, and to interpret his behavior in away that's flattering to herself.”
Roupenian, in a Twitter post, seemed shocked by the intense reaction to her story:
After the story became a hot topic on Twitter, Roupenian spoke to the New York Times about the piece.
“Margot's empathetic imagination is working on overdrive here,” she said. “Her skills at reading other people make her socially adept, but because imaginative empathy is still, fundamentally, imagination, she is also easily misled.”
Roupenian continued, “She thinks she can see inside Robert; she believes she knows more about him than she does, and that keeps the date catapulting forward when it might otherwise have come to an end. The people I know who tend to be drawn to the most troubled men are these incredibly empathetic, imaginative young women, and sometimes I wonder if that's a piece of it: how good they are at creating a compelling backstory for men who have done nothing to earn it.”
WASHINGTON — Former Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe authored a memo claiming that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein said President Trump asked him to refer to the Russia investigation as a reason for recommending the dismissal of FBI Director James Comey, a person familiar with the matter said Wednesday.
McCabe documented the conversation with Rosenstein, fearing that the deputy attorney general may have provided Trump cover for the abrupt dismissal of Comey. At that time, Comey was overseeing the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election, said the source, who is not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.
Then-acting FBI director Andrew McCabe waits to speak at a press conference to announce the results from the Justice Department's annual national health care fraud takedown at the Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., July 13, 2017.
Jim Lo Scalzo, EPA-EFE
The source said the memo has since been turned over to Justice Special Counsel Robert Mueller, who was appointed to manage the investigation last year following Attorney General Jeff Sessions' decision to recuse himself.
Rosenstein, who drafted his own memo for the White House recommending Comey's firing last year, did not refer to Comey's management of the Russia inquiry. Rather, he cited the director's disputed management of the FBI's investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as the reason for urging the dismissal.
The Justice Department did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
In the days immediately following Comey's firing, Trump acknowledged in an interview with NBC News that Comey was dismissed because of his oversight of the Russia investigation.
Mueller's inquiry has since expanded to include whether Trump sought to obstruct the investigation by firing Comey.
Fact check: Trump wrong on Comey 'leak,' McCabe funds
More: Fired FBI official Andrew McCabe kept personal memos regarding Trump
Also: FBI's McCabe fired days before retirement; Trump applauds Sessions' move
McCabe was fired earlier this year by Sessions for allegedly making false statements to Justice investigators about disclosures to the media.
He has denied any wrongdoing in the matter.
In addition to the memo related to the alleged Rosenstein conversation, the source familiar with matter said McCabe also authored other memos memorializing his encounters with Trump. Those memos also have been turned over to Mueller's investigators.
McCabe appeared to follow the same protocol as Comey, who also authored memos about his controversial encounters with Trump, including an alleged conversation last year in which the president asked Comey to scuttle the FBI's then-investigation into national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Flynn has since pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about his contacts with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak and is cooperating with Mueller's ongoing investigation.
The Trump presidency: A new era in Washington Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrive for the Senate Republican policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol on Oct. 24, 2017. 01 / 94 Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrive for the Senate Republican policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol on Oct. 24, 2017. 01 / 94
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
The La Loche school shooter said he got an “extreme, scary rush,” from firing a gun.
Christopher Hales, who is the teen's caseworker at Kilburn Hall in Saskatoon where the youth is being held, said the admission was made when he asked the shooter why he did it.
READ MORE: La Loche school shooting: psychiatrist testifies teen not developmentally delayed
“Everyone wants to know why,” the youth told Hales.
Hales added that the teen's only explanation for the shooting was that he “wanted to see what it would be like” to shoot someone.
Hales was testifying in a Meadow Lake, Sask., courtroom on Wednesday as the sentencing hearing for the youth continued.
The Crown is seeking an adult sentence for the youth, who has admitted to killing four people and wounding seven others in the northern Saskatchewan community in January 2016.
During his testimony, Hales talked about the youth's behavior at the detention centre.
At one point, Hales said the youth asked to see newspaper articles about the shooting, which was refused.
“We don't discuss news articles or anything from the outside,” Hales testified.
FULL COVERAGE: La Loche school shooting
The Crown also discussed the comment the shooter made about getting a gift on the anniversary of the shooting.
During testimony last month, corrections worker Tanis Fidler said the youth had asked staff “if they were buying him a gift” one the one-year anniversary.
Hales said the teen smirked and during cross-examination by defence lawyer Aaron Fox, Hales said the anniversary of the shooting was raised with the teen to understand how he was feeling, with staff telling the youth it is not OK to “joke” about receiving a gift.
READ MORE: La Loche school shooting: teen asked for gift to mark anniversary
He added that the youth hasn't appeared overly emotional since victim impact statements were heard last month but said the youth has been told in the past not to smile or make positive comments about violent acts or terrorist attacks.
A ministry of justice official is expected to be called as the Crown's last witness.
Ryan Kessler contributed to this story
A Tennessee sheriff's deputy was fatally shot during a traffic stop Wednesday, and police were searching for a suspect believed to be "armed and dangerous," authorities said.
Authorities identified the suspect as Steven Wiggins, a white male with balding brown hair.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tweeted that it has placed Wiggins on its Top 10 Most Wanted list and is offering a reward of up to $2,500 for information leading to his arrest.
The agency also sent an alert about the suspect to cellphones in the area.
South Korea's top diplomat said Wednesday that he will work to raise the awareness of the gravity and urgency of North Korea's nuclear threats during international events to be held in Germany this week.
Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se is to leave for Bonn where a foreign ministers' meeting of a group of 20 countries will kick off on Thursday for a two-day run. He will also attend the Munich Security Conference that follows later in the week.
Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se (Yonhap)
Yun is seeking to hold bilateral meetings with his counterparts from other countries on the sidelines of the two global gatherings.High on the agenda will be regional and global issues including the growing threats from the North's nuclear program."I will make an effort to raise the awareness of the gravity and urgency of the North's nuclear and missile threats among high ranking officials (from other countries)," Yun told Yonhap News Agency."It will be a chance to talk about the need to further strengthen the strongest-ever international cooperation effort against North Korea," he added. The diplomat said the gathering will afford him the chance to highlight his views on measures that can be jointly taken by countries and share ideas.On the sidelines of the conference, Yun is expected to meet with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson face-to-face for the first time since the American official's inauguration. He is also scheduled to meet with top diplomats from other countries including Japan.On Saturday when the security forum is to start, the policymaker is to deliver a keynote speech at a special session dedicated to Korean issues. The so-called Korean Peninsula session is the first of its kind to be held since the forum was launched.During his trip, Yun expected that he and other participants will discuss not just regional issues but also global challenges.Meanwhile, apparently pointing to the North's recent ballistic missile test launch and the murder of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half brother in Malaysia, the minister said participants will likely have a keen interest in Korea-related issues. (Yonhap)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833697","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "22","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833697","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833697","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "22","competition": "427","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833697","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Bhubaneswar: The Odisha Police has registered 93 cases related to circulation of "objectionable"
videos of women till 30 November this year.
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik, while replying to a written question by Congress member Tara Prasad Bahinipati in the assembly, said 93 victims have approached the police this year after their objectionable videos went viral on the internet.
The number of such cases was 40 in 2016 and 42 in 2015, Patnaik said, adding that a need-based cyber forensic expert may be roped in during investigations.
Similarly, the number of bank frauds committed by cyber criminals till 30 November this year was 382 while it was 227 in 2016 and 262 in 2015, Patnaik told the House.
In all, the total number of cyber crimes registered by the police during this period was 559, 213 more than last year and 203 more than the year before, the chief minister said.
"Police have taken adequate measures to address this surge in cyber crimes in Odisha," Patnaik said.
In view of the steady surge in circulation of objectionable pictures and videos on social media, the Odisha Police on 22 November, 2017 has issued an advisory for its officers and the general public to help check the menace.
DGP RP Sharma said such activities will attract punishment under various sections of the IPC.
The advisory requested the educational institutions and government offices to generate awareness about the safe use of internet in the society, especially among the youth.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anyone who has suffered with eczema or adult psoriasis, or knows someone who has, will tell you how frustrating and debilitating it can be.
They will also tell you it can often be hard to treat, but a new miracle moisturiser has been hailed as a "wonder cure" for the two conditions - and it's on sale for just £3.99.
Over the last few months, mums have raved about the cream online.
And now Laura Gray, who has psoriasis, has taken to Facebook to share her experience with the budget brand, reports Chronicle Live.
She posted: "Needed to share this with you all. I suffer from psoriasis, have done for years.
"I get it all up my arms, neck and chest and up until yesterday only hydrocortisone cream would get rid of it, but it's really harsh and only pharmacists can give it you.
"Yesterday my Mam told me try this baby moisturiser, I'm not joking 24 hours later my psoriasis is gone. Anyone suffering with psoriasis or eczema you need to try this."
(Image: Collect Unknown)
Last year, mum Paige Sweeney posted on Facebook that using the cream, which is available from shops like Boots and Asda, has had a dramatic effect on her three-year-old daughter Evie-Rae.
The cream, Childs Farm Baby Moisturiser, is made by a small business rather than a giant pharmaceutical company.
Paige, 23, shared the results on Facebook.
She said countless appointments with a dermatologist and a range of different medications had failed to sort of Evie-Rae's eczema but using the moisturiser saw quick improvement.
(Image: Facebook)
Paige said: "I've tried everything in an attempt to help Evie-Rae.
"She has had eczema since she was born, then when she was five weeks old she was diagnosed with a milk allergy.
"Her eczema was so painful that she didn't sleep through the night until she was two. She was constantly scratching and bleeding."
She picked up a bottle of the moisturiser at Boots to see if it would make a difference.
She said: "I saw the moisturising cream on the shelf in Boots and decided to give it a go.
"Within a matter of days I could see her skin starting to clear up. I couldn't believe it. The NHS could save a fortune if they put it on prescription."
(Image: Facebook)
The unexpected reaction prompted Paige to post on Facebook - and the before and after images ended up being shared more than 40,000 times.
Another baby girl whose eczema was so bad she looked like she'd had "boiling water poured over her" is also no longer in pain thanks for a new bargain cream.
Kelisha, one, has suffered with the condition since she was about three months old and her mum Joanne has tried everything to try and calm it.
Doctors were unable to help, but none of the creams or medicines helped for more than a few days.
Mum-of-three Joanne, 28, said: "Her face was full of patches as if she'd had boiling water poured over her.
"It was just a big scab. She was always scratching and uncomfortable.
"I was in a lift one day and someone asked me what the mark was on my baby's face. I couldn't believe it.
"The lift doors opened and I wished I'd said more.
"That is the only time someone has commented, but a lot of people would look at her funny. I felt like they were judging me."
(Image: martha@smokinggunpr.co.uk)
In a desperate bid to find anything to sooth her little girl, Joanne found an article about Childs Farm's Baby Moisturiser.
She decided to try it, and four weeks later claims Kelisha is like a different child.
Joanne said: "She was more settled and happy because she wasn't as itchy and agitated.
"She had always been a happy, smiley baby, even when her skin was bad, but once we started using the products she was smiling all the time.
"Kelisha's skin is completely clear now. I am just over the moon to have such a happy baby back again.
"When her skin was bad I could only dress her in baby grows, everything else was uncomfortable, so it was such a brilliant feeling just being able to dress her in normal clothes."
(Image: martha@smokinggunpr.co.uk)
She now the product, which is made from natural ingredients, it every bathtime and claims the eczema has disappeared completely.
The company's dermatologist Dr Jennifer Crawley said: "Eczema can be an incredibly upsetting condition for parents and children. It's a condition that comes and goes, with good days and bad days, making it all the more frustrating, particularly in little ones.
"Kelisha's eczema was clearly impacting her quality of life and it's wonderful to see such an improvement following regular use of Childs Farm.
"With conditions like eczema, regularly moisturising is crucial. The condition dries out the skin, causing it to crack and become painful; a gentle moisturiser soothes and hydrates the irritated skin and allows it to heal.
"In severe cases like Kelisha's, moisturiser should be applied numerous times throughout the day and it's fantastic to see this approach has worked for the family. I hope Joanne is able to continue to manage her daughter's condition with regular use of the baby moisturiser."
Flipkart has announced a new sale called "New Pinch Days". This sale will take place from 15 December to 17 December.
In a ‘Sneak Peek' of the sale, Flipkart has announced that it would provide a sale on mobiles, electronics and accessories, and TV and appliances.
According to the announcement, discounts upto 80 percent would be given to mobile accessories, laptops and headphones.
In case of TV and appliances, it will provide upto 80 percent discount on TV and appliances. This category also includes no-cost EMI and exchange offers.
Flipkart is giving a 10 percent discount on purchases made from HDFC Bank debit and credit cards.
As a part of its New Pinch Days sale, Flipkart is also offering Samsung On Nxt on a discount. Samsung had launched a 2017 version of the On Nxt with 64 GB internal memory.
Dubbed “Offer of the year” by Flipkart, the price of the smartphone has been slashed from Rs 17,900 to Rs 14,900.
It is a 3 GB RAM variant with a 64 GB ROM. Available in Gold and Black colour variant, this phone has a 5.5-inch Full HD display with a 13 MP rear camera and 8 MP front camera. Packed with 3,300 mAh Lithium-ion removable battery, the smartphone runs on Exynos 7870 Octa-core and clocks up to 1.6 GHz.
Other features of the smartphone include an Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS, a fingerprint scanner integrated with the home button.
The Samsung On Nxt has been put on sale again after the Big Shopping Days sale.
The sale comes after the Big Shopping Days sale.
During the sale, Google Pixel 2 smartphone had been slashed from Rs 61,000 to Rs 39,990. The Big Shopping Days sale had Moto G5 Plus which was priced at Rs 16,999 was priced at Rs 10,999.
Meanwhile, Galaxy On Nxt which was present at a retail price of Rs 17,900 was slashed to Rs 12,900. The Apple iPhone 7 was priced at Rs 39,999 down from Rs 49,999.
Canada's income-tax system is complicated and the nuances are often difficult to understand and interpret. This is why, when it becomes more than just a nuisance, Canadians rely on officials from the Canada Revenue Agency to answer questions and help them navigate the system. Turns out, the system is often too complicated for even CRA officials to understand.
Consider a recent report by Canada's auditor-general that found almost 30 per cent of the answers provided by CRA officials to queries from the public were wrong. Some questions were more likely to get incorrect answers than others. For example, when asked when interest will begin to be charged on initial assessments, CRA officials gave the wrong date 84 per cent of the time.
The A-G doesn't delve into why wrong answers are given, but part of the reason is the sheer complexity of the system.
By multiple measures, our income-tax system has grown increasingly complex since it was established 100 years ago. In 1917, the Income Tax Act contained 3,999 words. By 2016, it ballooned to 1,029,042 words. That's a 256-times increase in the number of words.
Put differently, the number of pages — after standardizing the font, margins and page sizes — increased from a mere six pages in 1917 to 1,412 pages a century later. When you realize how big the Income Tax Act has grown over the years, it's perhaps no wonder CRA officials regularly get the details wrong.
A key source of complexity in the tax system is the long list of tax credits, deductions and other special preferences (collectively known as tax expenditures). These tax expenditures cover a wide range of activities such as donating to a political party, volunteering as a firefighter and buying a home for the first time. From 1996 to 2014, the federal government added 27 personal tax expenditures for a total of 128. That's a 27-per-cent increase in just 18 years.
Claiming these tax credits typically requires tax-filers to store receipts or fill-out additional forms to demonstrate eligibility. This adds significantly to the time and frustration involved in submitting a tax return.
As tax complexity grows, so do tax-compliance costs. There are direct costs to Canadian households such as hiring professionals to help fill out tax forms (accountants, lawyers, etc.) or buying specialized software for the same purpose. And indirect costs from the financial value of the time required to understand the tax rules, compile relevant materials and complete the tax form.
Once all of these costs are added up, Canadians spend nearly $7 billion complying with the personal income-tax system each year. That translates to about $501 per Canadian household.
CRA officials are supposed to make the process easier by providing clear and accurate answers to the public's questions. But clearly they too are often confused by the tax system.
It would certainly be a good thing for the CRA to improve the accuracy of its answers, but there's a broader problem that should be solved — the complexity of the system itself. After all, there will be less reason to call the CRA in the first place if the system is easier to navigate.
Charles Lammam is director of fiscal studies and Hugh MacIntyre is a senior policy analyst at the Fraser Institute.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
By Rajiv Prasad, M.D. |
As the lazy days of summer come to an end and parents and children start picking out backpacks and first day outfits, there are several important tips that parents should keep in mind to ensure a safe and healthy school year.
Although controversy continues to surround vaccinations, there is very little, if any, evidence that links vaccines to autism or other illnesses. In fact, making sure children are fully vaccinated is one of the best things a parent can do to safeguard a child's long-term health, as well as the health of the community. As vaccine critics continue to raise concerns, vaccination rates have declined. In direct correlation, disease rates have increased. From January to June 2016, there were nearly 6,000 cases of pertussis, also known as whooping cough, reported to the Center for Disease Control (CDC) in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. That is a big increase over previous years. Likewise, in 2014, the CDC reported the highest number of measles cases since it was ruled “eliminated” from the U.S. in 2000. By making sure your children are vaccinated, you eliminate their risk of catching these highly contagious diseases or others.
Another tip parents should keep in mind as the school year begins is to make sure your children are eating a well-balanced lunch to help them power through the afternoon. Preparing a meal that's high in protein, low in sugar and contains healthy carbohydrates will help them feel energized and keep their brains sharp.
During the school year, physicians often see an increase in the amount of children complaining of back pain, which can be attributed to heavy backpacks. School bags should not weigh more than 15 percent of a child's weight. Parents should look for a bag that is the correct size for their height and weight, that has padded back and shoulder straps, and reflective material.
As school sports kick into high gear in early September, it's important to remember that it can still be warm and that dehydration can still be of concern. While school athletic trainers and coaches do a great job making sure that players are drinking enough water, it's important for parents to also be vigilant and encourage hydration. Signs of dehydration include light-headedness, confusion, fatigue, and muscle cramps.
Parents should also inspect all protective sporting equipment to be certain that it's in good condition and fits appropriately. They should also remain alert for concussion symptoms such as confusion, forgetfulness, disorientation, clumsiness and poor balance, or changes in a child's mood.
It's also important that parents make sure children know their address and telephone number. If they are too young to remember that information, parents should be sure to include it in a permanent manner inside the child's backpack. This will make certain that first responders know who to contact in the event of an emergency.
These tips can help keep your children safe throughout the school year and keep the focus on education, not injury or illness.
Rajiv Prasad, M.D., is medical director of Dept. of Emergency Medicine at Bayshore Medical Center.
This article was first published in the August 10-17, 2017 Back to School edition of The Two River Times.
By Tunde Oguntola, Abuja
A civil society group under the auspices of Civil Society Group for Good Governance (CSGGG) has urged the federal government to introduce universal health care scheme for all Nigerians.
LEADERSHIP reports that, universal health care scheme is a health care system that provides health care and financial protection to all citizens of a particular country.
Addressing a press conference in Abuja yesterday, on an independent assessment of University Calabar Teaching Hospital (UCTH) as a pilot site for takeoff of universal health advocacy in the country, the president, CSGGG, Comrade Dominic Ogakwu stressed that the importance of universal health care cannot be overemphasized as there are empirical evidence that the health of a nation significantly enhances its economic development, and vice versa.
He, particularly, lauded the doggedness and perseverance of the chief medical director, UCTH, Prof. Thomas Udagbor Agan for his commitment towards achieving the universal health coverage in the state.
Ogakwu said the UCTH is already operating the scheme, which is a departure from the National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS), adding that there are lots of humanitarian services going on there.
He averred that they can do more if the federal government supports them.
‘'Professor Isaac Adewole was in Calabar to officially flag off ‘'Ayade Care''. Unlike NHIS, Ayade Care is not solely for civil servants. And that is why we are advocating for universal health coverage.
‘'You and I know that, as long as you don't have a paid job with the government, you cannot have access to the NHIS and I want to commend the state government for these initiatives.
‘'We also observed a very good working relationship between the state government and the University of Calabar Teaching Hospital which has solved some of these issues earlier raised.
‘'We believe that Nigerians deserve more. The CMD can only do little. Imagine if the 36 states of the federation migrate from the NHIS to universal health coverage,'' he added.
Like this: Like Loading...
EDWARDSVILLE — The Edwardsville Community Foundation is asking the community to help support the wish of a child with a rare brain disorder.
Kelan Masinelli was diagnosed with lissencephaly when he was 4 months old. He loves to swing, but his wheelchair prevents him from enjoying an activity many children might take for granted. His wish is to have a wheelchair-accessible swing installed at the Edwardsville Township Community Park, also known as Airplane Park, so children in wheelchairs can enjoy swinging.
The foundation has created a Community Support Fund to help raise the $35,000 necessary to complete the project, which will include a play pad, safety fence, shaded structure, bench, and plaque. The foundation has also begun a Community Heroes Wanted campaign, and is encouraging people to donate $5 toward this goal.
Foundation Executive Director Pam Farrar said this project exemplifies part of the mission of the foundation, which is to help shine a light on important community causes.
“Kelan is a such a brave and selfless little boy, and when this play space is complete, it will be something the entire community, but especially those with disabilities, can enjoy,” Farrar said. “We're asking people to donate $5 if they are able because we want to involve the entire community in this project and help support this family's wish.”
Kelan's father, Tim Masinelli, said he is overwhelmed by the outpouring of generosity the community has shown for his son.
“Kelan really is a special little boy, and although his illness hasn't been easy, it is so inspiring to see the way people react to his story, and want to do their part to help,” Masinelli said. “We're also very appreciative to the Edwardsville Community Foundation for helping to make this goal a reality.”
People interested in making a donation to Kelan's Wish can visit the foundation's website, click on the Donate to a Fund button and select Kelan's Wish. Donations are tax-deductible and handled by the foundation's secure site.
edwardsvillecommunityfoundation.org
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Consider the Dodgers the one team in baseball that may have solved Andrew Miller.
Miller, the left-handed relief ace of the Cleveland Indians, had not given up a home run in 2017 before he faced the Dodgers. On Tuesday, Cody Bellinger took him deep. A day later, Enrique Hernandez did the same, supplying a tiebreaking solo homer to ignite a four-run rally in the eighth inning of a 6-4 victory.
The Dodgers (41-25) have won six games in a row. After Hernandez homered, the team capitalized on a crucial mistake by second baseman Erik Gonzalez. With the bases loaded, Gonzalez never touched second base as he tried to turn a double play. One run scored when the initial call was overturned. Two runs scored on a single by Chris Taylor.
All four runs were charged to Miller. Before he saw the Dodgers, his earned-run average was 0.29. The Dodgers inflated it to 1.60 by the end of Wednesday's game. The extra runs were crucial, as Cleveland scored two runs against reliever Luis Avilan in the eighth inning.
The Dodgers pulled ahead in the second inning, in a two-run flurry finished by a well-executed double steal. As Joc Pederson dashed toward second base, Taylor broke from third base, inducing a wild throw by Gonzalez. From there, the Dodgers turned quiet against Indians ace Corey Kluber. He struck out 10 batters before handing the game to Miller.
Brandon McCarthy gave up one run and three hits, but exited after 5 1/3 innings. The lead disappeared in the seventh inning, when Josh Fields surrendered a homer for the third time in his last four appearances. The solo shot by third baseman Jose Ramirez tied the score.
In Kluber, the Dodgers drew a formidable opponent. Kluber won the American League Cy Young Award in 2014 and finished third in the voting last season. Handicapped by a strained back earlier this season, he returned in June to strike out 18 batters in his first two outings. Kluber set a similar tone Wednesday, striking out Chase Utley and Corey Seager to start the game.
The Dodgers staged a small-ball bash in the second inning. After a leadoff walk by Yasmani Grandal, Taylor doubled. Grandal held at third. Pederson squibbed a grounder that Ramirez could not convert into an out. After the infield single, Pederson broke for second and Taylor timed his explosion toward the plate to nab a second run.
McCarthy had not pitched since June 6. The Dodgers gave him two extra days of rest, so Clayton Kershaw could remain on a five-day schedule. McCarthy showed little rust. He did not strike out a better in the first five innings. He also didn't allow a runner to reach third base.
The Indians made plenty of contact against McCarthy, but little of it was loud. After a two-out double by outfielder Michael Brantley in the first, McCarthy forced first baseman Carlos Santana into a popup. Bellinger and Corey Seager turned a double play in the second to erase a leadoff walk. Bellinger made a nifty pick at the bag when McCarthy ran down a grounder in the third.
Cleveland secured their second hit in the sixth inning. McCarthy gave up a one-out single to rookie outfielder Bradley Zimmer. Zimmer stole second base, but held at third when shortstop Francisco Lindor splashed a singled into right. Zimmer elected not to challenge Yasiel Puig's arm.
The two hits activated manager Dave Roberts. He inserted reliever Grant Dayton to replace McCarthy. After 89 pitches from McCarthy, with a left-handed hitter coming up, Roberts wanted a left-handed pitcher on the mound. Dayton yielded a sacrifice fly to Brantley, but retired Santana to end the inning.
For the seventh, Roberts selected Fields. On June 1, after his 22nd outing of the season, Fields lowered his ERA to 0.81 — two runs in 22 1/3 innings. He had earned Roberts' trust and established himself as a reliable portion of the bridge to Kenley Jansen. In the last two weeks, Fields has eroded some of that trust.
Fields favors his fastball more than 80% of the time. It averages 95 mph. There is little mystery of his approach: He fires the ball up in the strike zone and dares hitters to catch up. With the count at 2 and 2, Ramirez did. He smoked a 96-mph heater into the right-field seats.
CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. It's the final week of practice for the Chargers in San Diego, before moving the organization to Los Angeles. Quarterback Philip Rivers and tight end Antonio Gates talk about what it means to leave Chargers Park. CAPTION Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. Where does Sergio Romo get his personality? He's always been the one bouncing off the walls, his family said. CAPTION Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. Sergio Romo's family and high school coach reacted to the news that he would join the Los Angeles Dodgers after playing nine seasons for the San Francisco Giants. CAPTION Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. Growing up in Brawley, Calif. Sergio Romo learned to pitch on a makeshift baseball diamond that his dad built in the backyard. CAPTION UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22. UCLA guard Lonzo Ball met with the media following an individual workout with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Lakers will make the No. 2 pick in the NBA draft on June 22.
andy.mccullough@latimes.com
Twitter: @McCulloughTimes
Ajay Devgn shares his Hichki moment with Rani Mukerji: People said I 'won't become a hero' because of my ordinary looks
Ajay Devgn has displayed a diverse range as a performer and earned massive popularity across genres — from comedy, action to serious, intense films. But his journey to stardom wasn't without roadblocks either.
The makers of Rani Mukerji-starrer Hichki are promoting the film uniquely by asking prominent personalities to share their weaknesses and how they eventually converted them into massive strengths. Devgn revealed his biggest 'hichki' moment to Mukerji in an exclusive interview.
Devgn says, “When I had started out in the industry, there was this huge buzz that he is a very ordinary looking guy and he won't make it. He won't become a hero. I used to hear all of that, and it felt like a 'hichki'. But finally I didn't listen to any of that and went ahead (with my acting).”
Devgn encourages everyone to ignore their hichkis and focus on their goals.
His latest film Raid, directed by Raj Kumar Gupta, has struck a chord with the audience and is doing great business at the box office. As of 19 March, the film had minted Rs 41 crore, thus becoming the second highest grosser in terms of opening weekend collections.
Also read: Karan Johar reveals his Hichki moment to Rani Mukerji: I was teased in school for my girlish voice
Directed by Siddharth P Malhotra and produced by Maneesh Sharma, Hichki is set to release on 23 March.
Watch the video interview here:
Published Date: Mar 20, 2018 13:57 PM | Updated Date: Mar 20, 2018 13:57 PM
Like other parts of the globe, the International Volunteers Day will be marked on December 5 across the globe including Pakistan giving volunteers a chance to work together on projects and campaigns promoting their contributions to economic and social development at local, national and international levels.
The theme of the International Volunteer Day 2017 is “Volunteers Act First. Here. Everywhere”. This day hopes to heighten people's and governments' awareness of the voluntary contributions. It focuses on stimulating people to offer their services as volunteers, both at home and abroad. Over the years, governments, businesses, non-profit organizations, and individuals contribute the International Volunteer Day through various activities including voluntary community projects, parades, marches or rallies, award giving ceremonies for volunteers who made significant contributions to their communities, time donation campaigns that involve people pledging hours of voluntary service to specific projects are also included.—APP
Related
“We did a lot of work today, and we'll continue at eight o'clock tomorrow morning. That's all I have to say. There are no estimates of the timetable,” said Annika Lapintie (Left Alliance), the chairperson of the Constitutional Law Committee.
Members of the Parliament's Constitutional Law Committee refused yesterday to offer a timetable for publishing their highly anticipated statement on the social, health care and regional government reform bill.
Anna-Maja Henriksson (SFP) was similarly unable or unwilling to respond to questions about how long the committee will need to wrap up its work on the reform bill.
“I have no idea. We'll take as long as we need,” she retorted. “The Constitutional Law Committee must in my opinion be allowed the freedom to work uninterrupted. If we next week, then so be it. The expectation is that it'll be done.”
The Constitutional Law Committee is no longer under as much pressure to finalise its statement on the reform bill before the end of the week after the government conceded that the first county elections cannot be held on schedule in October.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Heikki Saukkomaa – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
Share:
Berlin - An 11th-hour deal clinched by German Chancellor Angela Merkel to rescue her fragile government by limiting migrant arrivals immediately ran into European resistance Tuesday, with neighbouring Austria vowing to "protect" its borders.
In high-stakes crisis talks overnight, Merkel put to rest for now a dangerous row with a longtime rival, Interior Minister Horst Seehofer, that had threatened the survival of her shaky 100-day-old coalition.
Looking relieved, Merkel - who has been in power since 2005 - hailed a "very good compromise" that would "control" new arrivals of migrants and asylum seekers while upholding EU cooperation and values.
However, criticism from Vienna and her junior coalition partners, the Social Democrats (SPD), threatened to throw a spanner in the works.
If the agreement reached is approved by the German government as a whole, "we will be obliged to take measures to avoid disadvantages for Austria and its people," Vienna's rightwing government warned.
And it would be "ready to take measures to protect our southern borders in particular," it said referring to the frontiers with Italy and Slovenia. Foreign Minister Karin Kneissl expressed anger Vienna "was not consulted", in remarks quoted by Austrian media.
The Austrian reaction raised the spectre of a domino effect in Europe, with member states taking increasingly restrictive measures to shut out refugees.
"If Austria wants to introduce controls at the border, then that is its right," Italy's far-right Interior Minister Matteo Salvini said. "We will do the same thing and we'll come out ahead because there are more people arriving here."
Under the pact both sides hailed as a victory, Merkel and Seehofer agreed to tighten border controls and set up closed "transit centres" on the Austrian frontier to allow the speedy processing of asylum seekers and the repatriation of those rejected.
They would either be sent back to EU countries that previously registered them or, in case arrival countries reject this, be sent back to Austria, pending a now questionable agreement with Vienna.
CSU general secretary Markus Blume called the hardening policy proposal the last building block "in a turn-around on asylum policy" after a mass influx brought over one million migrants and refugees.
The number of new arrivals has fallen dramatically over the last several months. The accord covers about one-quarter of them, with 18,000 already-registered people crossing the Germany border between January and May this year.
But doubts were voiced quickly by other parties and groups, accusing Merkel of turning her back on the welcoming stance she showed toward asylum seekers at the height of the influx in 2015.
Refugee support group Pro Asyl slammed what it labelled "detention centres in no-man's land" and charged that German power politics were being played out "on the backs of those in need of protection".
Annalena Baerbock of the opposition Greens party spoke of "internment camps", accusing the conservatives of "bidding goodbye to our country's moral compass". She urged Merkel's other coalition ally, the Social Democrats (SPD), to reject the plan.
SPD leader Andrea Nahles said the party still had "significant questions" on the deal. The Social Democrats are to hold joint party meeting with the CDU/CSU bloc at 1600 GMT Tuesday.
One of the SPD's migration experts, Aziz Bozkurt, was withering, charging that the proposed holding centres would be "impractical and fully on track with the AfD" - the far-right party that has been most outspoken against immigrants.
The deal drew a line under Merkel's worst crisis as she faced down an unprecedented mutiny by Seehofer, head of her party's traditional Bavarian allies the CSU. She expressed hope to CDU-CSU deputies Tuesday that "we can return to a calm way of working in other aspects of politics", news agency DPA reported. But top-circulation Bild daily predicted further turbulence ahead. "It's possible that this solution will work," it said. "But it's certain that the mood in a coalition has never been as toxic as in this one."
Judy Dempsey of think-tank Carnegie Europe said Merkel, Europe's longest-serving leader, and the EU were left weakened by the pact in Berlin at a time of bigger global crises. This "couldn't come at a worse time for a European Union that on the one hand is saddled with several populist/nationalist governments and on the other is having its very existence being questioned by US President Donald Trump," she said.
Austria vows to 'protect' its borders after German deal
Austria's government warned Tuesday it could "take measures to protect" its borders after Germany planned restrictions on the entry of migrants as part of a deal to avert a political crisis in Berlin.
If the agreement reached Monday evening is approved by the German government as a whole, "we will be obliged to take measures to avoid disadvantages for Austria and its people," Vienna's rightwing government said in a statement. It added it would be "ready to take measures to protect our southern borders in particular," those with Italy and Slovenia.
"We expect more clarity" from Berlin, Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said Tuesday at the European Parliament in Strasbourg, where he presented his country's priorities as it takes over the rotating EU presidency for the next six months.
Late on Monday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel reached a deal on migration with her rebellious interior minister, Horst Seehofer, to defuse a bitter row that had threatened her government.
Among the proposals is a plan to send back to Austria asylum seekers arriving in Germany who cannot be returned to their countries of entry into the European Union.
But Kurz warned "other countries, like Austria, will react by national measures" if Berlin confirms it will turn away asylum seekers arriving at the German border if they were registered elsewhere.
Austria said it would be prepared to take similar measures to block asylum seekers at its southern borders, with the risk of a domino effect in Europe.
"I would like to make a promise to you: the Austrian presidency will do everything possible so that in the long term we have a Europe without internal borders again," Kurz told MEPs.
But that would be dependent on guaranteeing sufficient protection for the EU's external borders, he said.
"On the other hand, I cannot promise you when that might happen, I cannot predict whether there will be national measures" of the type announced by Germany against "secondary movements" of migrants within the EU.
The Austrian chancellor welcomed the "important turning point" reached by the EU, with the priority now on the need to tackle arrivals on European coasts.
There is no longer a focus just on "the distribution" of asylum seekers within the EU, but also on the protection of borders, he said.
A U.S.-trained economist was appointed yesterday to succeed the longtime governor of China's central bank, Zhou Xiaochuan, at a time when the ruling Communist Party is trying to reduce financial risks and surging debt. The elevation of Yi Gang, a two-decade veteran of the central bank, to head the People's Bank of China was in a slate of promotions approved by China's ceremonial legislature of finance and economic officials as President Xi Jinping tightens control over government.
Also yesterday, the National People's Congress endorsed the appointment of Liu He, Xi's economic adviser, to a post as vice premier, where he is expected to oversee economic reform. The party is under pressure to control surging debt, defuse mounting trade tensions with Washington and Europe and make the cooling, state-dominated economy more productive. It has pledged to open more industries to private and foreign competition but business groups and reform advocates complain Beijing is moving too slowly. Yesterday's promotions give unusual prominence to U.S.-trained figures. Yi received his Ph.D. in economics from the University of Illinois, while Liu has a master's degree in public administration from Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government.
At the central bank, Yi's potential tasks include making interest rates and the exchange rate of China's tightly controlled yuan more market-oriented and improving financial regulation, according to Larry Hu of Macquarie Capital.
"China is facing new challenges and the room for growth is smaller," said Hu in a report. "Key is to unleash productivity by reforming the system, albeit containing risks in the process. It's much easier said than done." Yi, 60, is well known to foreign investors and regulators as head of China's foreign exchange regulator. He already was overseeing efforts to make the mechanism that sets the yuan's exchange rate more flexible. Before joining the People's Bank in 1997, Yi also taught at Indiana University. He also has a degree in business administration from Hamline University in Minnesota.
"Highly regarded in the international circles and seen as a pragmatic reformist, Yi Gang's appointment is set to ensure policy continuity and a smooth transition," said Mizuho Bank in a report.
Alton Women of the Moose are having a benefit for the Prather family. Kirk and Stacy's son, Dakota, has juvenile diabetes. They have encountered many obstacles and medical expenses since he was first diagnosed. These challenges and expenses will continue as Dakota gets older, making management and maintenance extremely difficult. We are also wanting to raise awareness of the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation while raising funds to support the family.
New Delhi: The BCCI has reacted sharply to Committee of Administrators (CoA) chief Vinod Rai's assertion that the recently-held Delhi and Districts Cricket Association (DDCA) elections could be annulled, saying that the CoA's attempts at stopping the polls have already been rejected by the Delhi High Court.
Senior journalist Rajat Sharma and his panel, which had the backing of former DDCA President Arun Jaitley, won by an overwhelming majority defeating Madan Lal panel, which was being backed by acting BCCI president CK Khanna.
"If Rai is questioning the DDCA polls, then he is in turn questioning Delhi High Court's order. On 26 June, the Delhi High Court vacation bench of Justices Vinod Goel and Rekha Palli found no merit in the petition moved by DDCA member Ravi Mehra to put the elections on hold till BCCI constitution is finalised.
"That day, the CoA lawyer was also present. The bench had categorically said that they cannot stop the elections at this hour," a senior BCCI official told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
The DDCA was the first association to go to polls under the supervision of High Court appointed administrator Justice (Retd) Vikramajit Sen, who abolished the age-old proxy voting system, considered to be a root cause of corruption.
However, it is learnt that the CoA is of the opinion that the election is not fully Lodha recommendations-compliant even though it was the Delhi High Court, which had instructed Justice Sen to conduct the elections by 30 June.
The bone of contention here is about some of the candidates like Rakesh Bansal (vice-president and younger brother of tainted former president Sneh Bansal), Rajan Manchanda (joint secretary and younger brother of former treasurer Ravinder), Renu Khanna (woman director and wife of former office bearer Anil Khanna) to name a few.
While Justice Sen or Rai declined to comment, a DDCA official, privy to the development said that CoA always wanted the elections to be put on hold but it was never in the hands of the DDCA administrator.
"Justice Sen was appointed by the Delhi High Court. It is the court that told him to go ahead and finish the election process by June 30. He did exactly that. It was not his prerogative to demand an exemption," a senior DDCA official said.
"The CoA could have moved a plea just after 14 May when High Court had passed the verdict about election date. No one would believe that Rai, who is never shy of sending a mail to stop of a BCCI SGM couldn't have approached High Court," he added.
The CoA, in one of its guidelines, issued for state units had also said that any state units, which are going into elections, will be continued to be governed by the administrator till the new BCCI constitution is formally adopted.
However, it is reliably learnt that Justice Sen had made it clear that once there is a democratically elected body, he will hand over the reins and leave.
Accordingly, on 2 July, Justice Sen formally handed over the charge to Sharma and left the DDCA premises.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In a country where regulation enforcement can vary widely by region, it's hard for analysts to know whether these sudden administrative headaches are a coincidence or the Chinese government following through on threats to make life harder for Americans in business. But anecdotal evidence suggests official sanction is building, according to veteran observers of the Chinese market.
Michael Eugene Bloemker, 68, died Friday, Dec. 23, 2016, at Highland Health Care.
Visitation will be 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2017, at Gent Funeral Home. Burial will be at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery.
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
His Majesty King Maha Vajiralongkorn has contributed 100 million baht to Siriraj Hospital to partly fund the construction of the new Navamindrapobitr 84th Anniversary Building inside the hospital's compound.
The king's contribution to the 5-billion baht building was disclosed by Prof Dr Prasit Watanapa, the dean of Mahidol University's Faculty of Medicine at Siriraj Hospital.
According to Prof Dr Prasit, the King granted him and the hospital staff an audience on Aug 11 and bequeathed the money.
Full story: thaipbs.or.th
By Thai PBS
After failing to promote anyone but Ronda Rousey, the UFC must do a better job of being proactive in promotion in 2017.
In the wake of UFC 207, Dana White has doubled-down on the company's decision to focus its promotional energy exclusively on Ronda Rousey, the former women's bantamweight champion who was returning from a self-imposed hiatus following her first professional loss.
From a marketing standpoint, it was understandable: Rousey's comeback fight was big news and bigger business, so putting the mainstream star front and center was an obvious decision.
The downside, depending on how things played out, was that the champion, Amanda Nunes, was scarcely mentioned and almost completely unseen, and the men in the bantamweight championship co-main event – champion Dominick Cruz and challenger Cody Garbrandt – were non-existent, limiting how many casual fans could connect with them heading in and leaving the organization to play catch-up once the smoke from UFC 207 cleared.
Now here we are at the start of 2017 – Nunes having blistered Rousey in 48 seconds and sent her into another period of reflection and Garbrandt standing as the new bantamweight champion after a star-making effort capped by the completion of a heartwarming story many mentioned for the first time following the bout, even though his relationship and long-standing promise to Maddux Maple tracks back to his pre-UFC days and should have been part of the “here's why you need to tune in” pitch.
While White is correct that plenty of people know who Nunes is now following her drubbing of Rousey, they should have known all about her before the contest; the same goes for Cruz and Garbrandt, not only because their stories were compelling heading into last Friday's year-end event, but because selling them going forward is easier when the audience knows a little something about them.
Nunes blistering Miesha Tate and becoming the first openly gay champion in UFC history should have been a massive story, one that put “The Lioness” and her version of the American Dream on morning talk shows and as the subject of more magazine profiles. She should have been sold as the daunting challenge in front of the returning former champion; not simply the other name on the marquee.
Garbrandt's story – his relationship with Maple, his one-year ascent from prospect to potential champion – needed to be shared as well. As much as people can take an interest now, telling people about his journey before he made his fairytale ending come true in the Octagon would have been even better.
As much as the UFC can grab these outcomes and build them into promotable angles heading into Nunes and Garbrandt's next appearances, the other piece of this is that UFC 207 represented the biggest fights possible for the bantamweight champions and whatever comes next is automatically going to be a step back from bouts with Rousey and Cruz and the big fight feel last weekend's event carried.
Nunes is likely to face the winner of the upcoming bout between Valentina Shevchenko and Julianna Pena, while Garbrandt will either run it back with Cruz or square off with former champ and former training partner T.J. Dillashaw. Regardless of how they line up, they're all solid fights, but they pale in comparison to what transpired at T-Mobile Arena Friday night and that will make the task of promoting their next fights a little more challenging.
Challenging, but not impossible and there is an opportunity to learn from this situation and make adjustments in the future.
The trouble with a sport like this – or any sport, really – is that there are no guaranteed outcomes and not even the biggest names are immune to suffering crushing defeats.
Fighters evolve and develop new tools, divisions catch up to dominant forces that sprint ahead and sometimes a bad game plan or an off night leaves a star with a loss. Losing isn't an insurmountable obstacle in this sport, but the key for the UFC is to be able to make the most of that superstar losing by putting the fighter that beat them in a position to use such a victory as a launching pad to bigger and better as soon as Bruce Buffer announces the official decision and that hasn't always been the case.
Shevchenko and Pena need to be promoted to the hilt in advance of their clash, especially considering the winner is likely to challenge Nunes next. Both are multi-lingual, talented fighters with strong resumes and a willingness to tell their stories and the UFC has to take advantage of that, not just with a Road to the Octagon special on FOX, but with the kind of larger, more mainstream pieces that have previously been reserved for a very select group.
MMA media has been telling their stories already and fans are already familiar with what they bring to the table, but to elevate their standing to where they could pair with Nunes to produce a reasonable buy rate on pay-per-view, it's going to take more than the standard media push that accompanies these types of fights.
And that's where UFC 207 has to serve as a learning opportunity.
Stars may be made through performances in the Octagon, but you need people to be watching those fights in order for those efforts to radiate and to get them watching, you need to give them a reason before the fights take place. Before they're in championship bouts, challenging for UFC gold. Before they've risen to the top of their respective divisions.
Plan ahead. Map things out. Identify potential contenders and those with legitimate star potential and invest in them early.
Even if you have a handful of those athletes fail to fully develop or catch on with fans, finding success with one or two per year, maybe more, gives you a crop of emerging names to build around and promote in big fights and maybe, if you're lucky, you discover a superstar or two in the process along the way.
Be proactive, not reactive; that's the lesson here.
After toxins were discovered in Salem's drinking water, many parents were left wondering what the contamination meant for their babies and unborn children.
Health officials warned pregnant women, nursing mothers and children under the age of 6 to not drink or cook with tap water.
Three toxic algae blooms discovered in Detroit Lake led to the detection of high concentrations of the liver toxin microcystin and cylindrospermopsin on May 25.
Four days later, the city issued an alert warning of the unsafe drinking water.
Advisory: Salem drinking water contaminated, children shouldn't drink tap water
The delay concerned many of those with elevated risks, including pregnant women like Allyson Wise.
"It frustrates me that city officials appeared to know about the elevated toxin levels for a number of days, but only chose to alert people on the evening of the 29th," she said.
At almost 8-months-pregnant, Wise drank tap water throughout the day on Tuesday and would've continued had she not seen posts about the health advisory on social media.
"... (It) could've put the health of my baby at risk," she said.
Wise said because most places are sold out of bottled water, she plans on picking some up for her family and pets on her way home from work in McMinnville.
"I am fortunate to be able to do this, and feel for the people who have no means of leaving town just for drinking water," she said.
She also intends to call her doctor immediately if she begins exhibiting any symptoms of cynanotoxin exposure.
Symptoms to watch for
Marion County Health Officer Dr. Karen Landers said pregnant women who have been drinking tap water should watch for symptoms like nausea, vomiting and diarrhea.
If they develop these symptoms, they should let their health care provider know, but, she warned, there are no tests available to screen for exposure and no specific treatment.
Salem Health officials said they are taking extra measures to prevent exposure.
“Patient safety is our top priority at all times," said Lisa Ketchum, director of the hospital's women and children service line. "Out of an abundance of caution, we are exercising precautions and only using bottled or filtered water for our patients and families."
Cleaning bottles, sippy cups, pumps
Hospital staff are also only using sterile water to clean reusable infant bottles, toddler cups and breast pump equipment.
Dr. Fred Berman, director of the Toxicology Information Center at the Oregon Institute of Occupational Health Sciences, said the toxins can lead to kidney and liver damage. Prolonged exposure could even be carcinogenic.
Children's low body weight and developing nervous symptoms make them more susceptible to the toxins. Berman said nursing mothers who ingest the toxin could pass it to their infants through their breast milk.
Because the direct effect is unknown, the Oregon Health Authority recommends nursing women exercise "abundant caution."
"We don't know how much of (the toxin) could transfer," OHA spokeswoman Delia Hernandez said.
Dumping stored breast milk
Following a press conference Wednesday, Landers said nursing mothers who pump and store their breast milk should dump milk stored since May 23 if they've been drinking tap water.
She also recommended swapping breast milk for bottled water mixed with formula for the time being.
Berman said the toxins might also have an impact on developing fetuses.
"What goes through a woman's blood will go through fetal blood," he said.
There are no known birth defects associated with the toxins.
"I have seen nothing in my research to date that talks about birth defects if a pregnant mom is exposed," Landers said.
Q&A: 11 questions answered on Salem's water warning
Toxins don't last forever
Berman said the toxins pass through the system fairly quickly through excretion. According to studies, about 75 percent of microcystin leaves the system in the first 12 hours. The remaining quarter is gone within six days of exposure.
The process is somewhat slower with cylindrospermopsin. Studies involving mice show it leaving the system within a few days.
Landers said parents worried their child is having symptoms of toxin exposure should contact their care provider. Symptoms would be similar to that of a stomach virus and would be treated similarly, with fluid support, oral re-hydration and rest.
10-day exposure period
City officials said they wanted to be proactive by warning people within the 10-day exposure window. The 10-day level was developed by the EPA to determine the lowest level exposure that produces adverse effects. After factoring in different "uncertainty" factors like varying weights and ages, the 10-day advisory level is set.
Once the 10-day mark is reached, that's when the probability of health issues increases.
By releasing the advisory Tuesday, the city erred on the side of caution, Berman said.
"Salem is ahead of the curve on that," he added.
Still, he warned, people at risk should not be cavalier about the warning. Young children, pregnant women, nursing mothers, people with compromised immune systems, people receiving dialysis treatment, people with pre-existing liver conditions and pets are advised to completely avoid drinking and cooking with tap water until the advisory is lifted.
For questions, comments and news tips, email reporter Whitney Woodworth at wmwoodwort@statesmanjournal.com, call 503-399-6884 or follow on Twitter @wmwoodworth
© 2018 KGW
East Bierley suffered a 19-run defeat at the hands of Pudsey St Lawrence in a game decided by the Duckworth Lewis Stern system after rain interrupted last Saturday's All Rounder Bradford Premier League clash.
Rain led to a delayed start, which saw the match reduced to 40 overs per side.
St Lawrence batted first and were given an excellent start by Adam Waite and Mark Roberttshaw (38) who produced an 86-run opening wicket stand.
Waite led the way with 111, his first century of the season, in an innings which included four sixes and nine fours.
He was joined in a second-wicket partnership of 118 with Charlie Best (52) as St Lawrence rattled up a challenging total of 236-3.
East Bierley weren't daunted by the challenge facing them and openers Mark Gill and Adal Islam shared a partnership of 148. Gill struck 78 from 102 balls ,which included six fours and four sixes, as he passed 13,000 career Bradford Leagues runs in the process.
Islam made 68 from 94 balls, including five fours but when rain returned, Bierley lost a further five overs from their innings.
DLS was implemented and the Bierley target was set at 190 and they finished on 171-4.
Batley were denied a first win of the season when they suffered an agonising five-run defeat to Lightcliffe in another game decided by DLS.
Lightcliffe batted first in a game reduced to 47 overs per side and managed to reach a useful total of 228-4.
Jonathan Wilson made an unbeaten 87, an innings containing four sixes and five fours, while captain Matt Baxter offered good support with 51.
Batley lost Sufyan Patel off the third ball of their innings but Muhammad Hafeez and Shabir Rashid (22) got them back on track with a 74-run stand for the second wicket.
Hafeez struck 61 from 78 balls including seven fours and two sixes and was offered good support by Abubaker Khan (40).
The game was heading for an exciting finish when rain brought a halt to play after 32.3 overs when Batley had reached 147-4, five runs behind the par score of 152.
Andrew Cole “Ranger” Range, 23, of Troy, died Thursday, Dec. 7, at St. Joseph Hospital in Murphysboro, Ill.
Visitation will be 4-8 p.m. Wednesday, Dec. 13, at Irwin Chapel, 591 Glen Crossing Road in Glen Carbon. Visitation will continue from 9 a.m. until time of funeral Mass at 10 a.m. Thursday, Dec. 14, at St. Jerome Catholic Church, 511 S. Main St. in Troy. Burial will follow at St. John the Baptist Cemetery in Troy.
TORONTO — Canadian pro gaming team SetToDestroyX has signed top NHL gamer Nick (HeadShotPro) Myers.
The Charlottetown native, who signed a two-year contract, is currently high on the leaderboards of the inaugural Snider Hockey Cup, a WorldGaming tournament using the made-in-Canada EA Sports "NHL 18" title.
The tournament is connected to the Ed Snider Youth Hockey Foundation, which was created by the late Philadelphia Flyers owner to build lives and unite communities through hockey.
Online qualifiers started Jan. 10 and will run through Feb. 10 with online playoffs scheduled for Feb. 17-18. The live championship is set for March 7 in Xfinity Live! Philadelphia, an entertainment centre that is part of the Wells Fargo Center.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Honey. (Photo: Courtesy of Palm Springs Cultural Center)
Honey has been a human food source for at least 10,000 years. Ancient people living in what is now Spain (during the Mesolithic Period) are shown hunting for honey in cave paintings. So it should come as no surprise that by the time humans began recording their history in writing (around 2100 B.C.), honey was already old news.
Honey is a labor of Love (and a food source) for honeybees, and the Nectar of the Gods for human beings. Locally produced Temecula Valley Honey is available at all three Coachella Valley Certified Farmers' Market locations. Choose from orange blossom, avocado, and a variety of other flower and plant/tree honeys. There's even chili-infused honey in habanero, hatch red chili and chipotle flavors.
Did you know: Honeybees must tap over 2 million flowers to make one pound of honey, often flying a distance equal to more than three times around the world. Despite that, the average worker bee will make only one-12th of a teaspoon of honey during its lifetime.
Price: $6 and up for jars of honey. Gift crates for the holidays (three jars of honey plus a dipper) are $26 each.
Read or Share this story: http://desert.sn/2jym6xl
A 23-year-old man who said he hated the U.S. government has been arrested by the FBI for allegedly trying to blow up an Oklahoma City bank with what he thought was a 1,000-pound bomb in a truck.
According to a criminal complaint, Jerry Drake Varnell wanted to start a militia group and admired Timothy McVeigh, the domestic terrorist who was convicted and executed for setting off a massive truck bomb outside a federal building in Oklahoma City in April 1995.
Varnell thought he was dealing with two fellow sympathizers in the anti-government movement but they were a confidential informant and an undercover FBI agent working in a sting operation, according to the complaint.
Varnell, who lives with his parents, was initially charged on Sunday with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. If convicted, he would face a mandatory minimum sentence of five years. He was to be arraigned late Monday.
The FBI complaint said Varnell initially said he was interested in targeting the Federal Reserve Bank building in Washington, D.C.
“I'm out for blood,” Varnell wrote to the informant, according to the complaint, saying he wanted to take some action that would “somehow cripple the government.”
Varnell said he had “III percent ideology,” a reference to a militia group called the Three Percenters, which believes the federal government is violating the U.S. Constitution, the complaint says.
Raul Bujanda, the FBI agent in charge of the investigation, said there was no apparent link between Varnell and Saturday's violence by neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other far-right extremists in Charlottesville, Va.
Bujanda said Varnell was not a member of any militia group, according to video of a press conference posted on NewsOK.Com.
The FBI has been monitoring Varnell since last December, the complaint said.
On Friday, Varnell helped the undercover agent build what he thought was a powerful truck bomb using ammonium nitrate and fuel oil, the materials McVeigh used in 1995 to kill 168 people and injure hundreds more.
The next day, Varnell parked the truck next to a BancFirst building in downtown Oklahoma City.
Varnell also made several cell phone calls that he thought would trigger the blast, the complaint said. The truck and all of the materials, which were inert, were supplied by the FBI.
The FBI said Varnell wrote a statement that he wanted posted on social media after the explosion he expected. Varnell said it was “retaliation against the freedoms that have been taken away from the American people.”
The public wasn't at risk during the investigation, said Kathryn Peterson, special agent in charge of the FBI in Oklahoma.
“I can assure the public, without hesitation, that we had Varnell's actions monitored every step of the way,” she said in a statement.
Stephen Fry was hosting the awards for the 12th time. He kept proceedings light and frothy, and called none of his friends a bag lady, avoiding last year's row which ended in him quitting Twitter after insulting costume designer Jenny Beavan. His one reference to Trump was saying only “a blithering idiot” would not think Meryl Streep was one of the greatest female actors of all time.
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (ASU Athletics) – Former Alabama State University right-handed pitcher Austin Bizzle was selected by the Minnesota Twins in th 40th round, with pick No. 1,186, on Wednesday night in the 2017 Major League Baseball Draft.
“Getting the chance to play professionally is the greatest feeling in my life!” Bizzle said. “I want to thank my family, coaches, teammates, and everyone else who has had a part in the process along the way. I am proud to be a Minnesota Twin.”
Bizzle, who was named the 2017 Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) Relief Pitcher of the Year and earned SWAC All-Tournament honors, posted a team-best 1.95 ERA in 26 appearances, including two starts (both against Alcorn State). He finished with a 7-1 record, with one complete game and a team-high four saves. He was second on the team with 78 strikeouts in 74.0 innings pitched.
The Panama City, Fla. native, who graduated this past spring, ranked first in the SWAC in earned run average, WHIP and strikeout-to-walk ratio.
“I am extremely happy for Bizzle,” Alabama State head coach Jose Vazquez said. “He worked extremely hard this year. He will continue to represent Alabama State University wherever he goes.”
(Courtesy: ASU Athletics)
This is one of the many ways that grass root organizations can make a difference. Two important points: they are inclusive of many groups and they are persistent.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Top Choice Medical Investment Co Inc :
* SAYS BOARD ELECTS LU JIANMING AS CHAIRMAN Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2DVYagv Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt, who raised more than $37 million in just 19 days for those affected by Hurricane Harvey, won the 2017 Walter Payton Man of the Year Award on Saturday night.
Watt was announced as the winner of the award, given to an NFL player who has "a significant positive impact on his community," at the NFL Honors event in Minneapolis, where Super Bowl LII will be played Sunday.
Editor's Picks Rams haul in 3 honors; Saints rookies sweep The Rams took in a remarkable haul at the NFL Honors ceremony with awards going to Sean McVay (Coach of the Year), running back Todd Gurley (Offensive Player) and Aaron Donald (Defensive Player).
Lewis, Moss, T.O. among HOF's Class of 2018 Ray Lewis, Randy Moss and Brian Urlacher were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday in their first year of eligibility. They are joined in the class of 2018 by Terrell Owens, Brian Dawkins, Jerry Kramer, Robert Brazile and Bobby Beathard. 1 Related
"I've been fortunate to be on this stage and to win Defensive Player of the Year awards, but everything that you do on the field pales in comparison to what you do off the field,'' Watt said. "And at the end of my life, if I'm remembered as a football player and a good football player and that's all I'm remembered for, then I did a poor job in my life. When I go to my grave I want to be remembered as a guy who helped people out and who tried to do as much as he could off the field to be the best man he could be. I'm trying to make my family proud and my fans proud, and go out there and just be the best person I can be and leave the world a little bit better.''
The other two finalists for the award were Carolina Panthers tight end Greg Olsen and Baltimore Ravens tight end Benjamin Watson.
Olsen launched plans for a one-of-a-kind, cardiac neurodevelopmental center in Charlotte, North Carolina, through his "HEARTest Yard" initiative, while Watson led a campaign to battle human trafficking and violence against the poor.
After Harvey hit Houston in August, Watt set up an online fundraiser with the original goal of raising $200,000. However, his videos on social media went viral. Many celebrities and prominent NFL figures made donations to the cause, including Tennessee Titans owner Amy Adams Strunk, who donated $1 million.
In October, Watt announced that $30.15 million of the money raised will be distributed among four nonprofit organizations to help rebuild homes, restore child-care centers and provide food and medical care. The other $7 million, Watt said, was set aside to be used in 2018 "as we continue to assess and analyze the evolving relief efforts."
Watt and his Texans teammates also distributed supplies before the season to those affected by the flooding from the hurricane. Since then, the three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year has spent time in Houston and its surrounding areas visiting with people and handing out food and goods.
The Walter Payton Man of the Year Award is named after the legendary Chicago Bears running back who died in 1999 after battling a rare liver disease.
Sony Pictures Entertainment has terminated a longstanding theatrical releasing joint venture with Disney in South East Asia. In its place, the studio is launching four, new, country-specific distributors of its own.
Sony is launching Sony Pictures Releasing units in Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia. It previously separated operations in The Philippines from the Disney joint venture in February.
Announced by Brett Hogg, senior VP of international distribution at SPE, the moves see a mix of personnel transferring from the joint venture, and others in new positions. In Singapore Robert Crockett will continue as managing director, overseeing Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia. In Malaysia, Simon Foo becomes the AGM/Country Manager for Malaysia and will continue reporting to Crockett. Foo will take the day-to-day lead of operations in Malaysia, in addition to his distribution and sales responsibilities.
In Thailand, “James” Rachot Dhiraputra, returns to the company to become Thailand managing director, along with Dujdao Promobol, Thailand executive director of marketing. The pair last week held a Buddhist merit ceremony to give SPR Thailand its official launch, and to present the studio's forward slate to exhibitors.
ocal Thai media quoted Dhiraputra as targeting $24 million (THB800 million) of gross revenues from the 19 movies. It was unclear if the $8 million (THB265) from “Spider-Man: Homecoming,” the first major SPE title released under the new banner, was part of that figure. “Homecoming” is expected to be the highest grossing SPE title in Thailand.
The joint venture with Disney was originally established in 1997 as a way of minimizing infrastructure costs in the then small South East Asian market. It also helped to maximize the studios' marketing and negotiating firepower in a region with oligopoly – and often vertically-integrated – exhibition groups.
SPE's go-it alone strategy reflects an optimism that the individual markets within the region will continue to grow, despite patchy economic growth in Thailand, continuing high levels of piracy in Malaysia and Singapore, and competition from online streaming services.
Expansion by exhibitors into the provinces in Thailand and Malaysia could mean that the theatrical business grows at a pace faster than the countries' mainstream economies. That in turn allows SPE to anticipate growing the number of titles per year that it releases theatrically. Dhiraputra said that SPE aims to release 20 films per year in Thailand, which last year had box office of $140 million (THB4.6 billion).
The Latest on the final sentencing hearing for disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar (all times local):
5:55 p.m.
A man who tried to attack Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom has publicly apologized again and insists he's "no hero."
Randall Margraves told reporters Friday that he's remorseful and embarrassed. He says, "This cannot be a lawless society."
Margraves lunged at the disgraced former sports doctor after listening to two daughters speak in court about how they were sexually abused. A third daughter also says she was a victim. Sheriff's deputies tackled Margraves.
Margrave says he lost control when it appeared that Nassar was shaking his head during his daughters' statements.
Morgan Margraves says her father was hearing some details for the first time. She says he reacted "like most fathers would have done, and probably wanted to do, in a situation like this."
Share:
LAHORE - Inspector General Police (IGP) Arif Nawaz Khan has said that excellent professional training of force is the need of hour to face the challenges of modern times and for this purpose all the sources will be utilized.
He expressed these views while addressing the officials at Police Training Center Chuhng and inaugural of RPO Sheikhupura region office on Tuesday.
He said that along with physical and mental training, attention should also be paid towards the character building of under training officials so that they can show responsibility and professional skills in field and for strengthening the relation between police and public. He further said, "Being the commander of Punjab police it is my top most priority to take measures for the welfare and capacity building of the force and for this purpose I will continue to take practical steps according to principles of smart and community policing."
The IGP inaugurated newly built auditorium, food court and other sections. This auditorium is the largest auditorium of Punjab police with a capacity of accommodating 700 people at a time. Different training programs and events will be held in the auditorium for under training officials.
Commandant Police training college Fiaz Ahmad Dev briefed the IG Punjab about the reforms and different projects initiated in the college during previous three years.
The IG said that further projects should be made to provide accommodation and other facilities to the under training officials. He also announced special discretionary fund of one million for the completion of the newly initiated projects . He also announced a prize of Rs 10,000 each for the two young officials of Dolphin Force who recited Tilawat-e-Quran and Naat in the ceremony.
The IGP also inaugurated the building of new office of RPO Sheikhupura region.
Party leaders from the opposition's electoral alliance declared an end to their political cooperation only 10 days after the June 24 elections.
The center-left secularist Republican People's Party (CHP), the right-wing Good Party (IYI Party - IP), the Islamist-conservative Felicity Party (SP) and the center-right Democrat Party (DP) had established the Nation Alliance, with the latter represented in IP's lists. The alliance received 33.9 percent of the votes, suffering a defeat against the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) and the Nationalist Movement Party's (MHP) People's Alliance, which received 53.7 percent of the votes.
Aytun Çıray, the spokesman for the IP, said Wednesday that the Nation Alliance was meant for the elections and there is no need for it now that they have been concluded.
Speaking after the IP's executive board meeting, which was also attended by the party's Chairwoman Meral Akşener, Çıray said the possibility of early local elections is low amid Turkey's social and economic problems but the party is ready in any case.
Regarding the main opposition CHP's reluctantly open stance for early local elections, Çıray said, "The CHP might have brought up the early election concept to postpone its own problems. Our cooperation was not a coalition, it was an election cooperation. We had established an electoral cooperation, an alliance against election irregularities, for votes not to be swept aside."
He added that the IP will pursue its own political agenda.
Çıray, a former CHP deputy who switched to the İP after its foundation, was referring to the intraparty leadership debate in the CHP between Chairman Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu and presidential candidate Muharrem Ince.
His remarks confirmed expectations that the alliance will be short lived and would not last for much longer after the elections.
He also touched upon increases in a number of goods and services, saying that the government would not likely raise prices if it was considering early local elections.
Regarding claims of possible cooperation with the AK Party and the MHP in Parliament, which fall short of the majority required for constitutional changes, Çıray said that IP will show a constructive opposition stance.
Meanwhile, SP Chairman Temel Karamollaoğlu also said Wednesday that the Nation Alliance has been terminated.
In a press conference in party headquarters in Ankara, Karamollaoğlu said, "The alliance was about the general elections, it expired at that point."
He added that there will be no electoral cooperation in local elections.
In an interview on Wednesday, Kılıçdaroğlu claimed overall success in the elections and underlined the Nation Alliance as one of the successful points.
To avoid a possible veto by the Supreme Election Board on the newly-established İP's participation to the snap elections, the CHP had transferred 15 deputies to the IP to help them to form a parliamentary group and earn the right to participate in the elections. The move had caused controversy and drew mixed reactions from the public, with some saying the move was successful, while others slammed the CHP for breaching political ethics.
× Online Public Information File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Station Contact Info:
KWQC-TV6
805 Brady Street
Davenport, IA 52803
563-383-7000
Less than half of those surveyed aren't insured for earthquakes and wildfires
An example of an emergency preparedness kit. (City of Victoria photo)
British Columbians have no one to blame but themselves for not being ready for an emergency, a survey commissioned by the provincial government suggests.
Fifty-four per cent of the more than 1,200 respondents said they have a draft emergency plan, according to results released Monday suggest, but only 13 per cent of them have actually completed one.
Emergency kits were also lacking around the province: Only four in 10 people have one in their car, and only three in 10 have one ready at home.
And there's no good reason why: most people cited “personal laziness” and “apathy.”
Most British Columbians had some emergency supplies, but key items were lacking.
Only 60 per cent had prepared at least four litres of water per person per day, and less than half had cash in small bills, a battery-powered or hand-crank radio, a whistle or a dust mask.
If the worst did happen, most people weren't prepared to rebuild, either.
Around half of people living in Metro Vancouver and on Vancouver Island were insured against earthquakes, and less than half of southern Interior and northern residents were covered for wildfires.
All around, most people admitted they didn't really understand how their insurance worked or what it covered.
SXSW, the annual music festival in Austin, Texas wrapped up Sunday. Philly was repped with performances throughout the week by Queen Of Jeans, Hop Along, Ron Gallo, and others, as well as WXPN's presence at several events.
Teaming up with NPR Music, Vuhaus, and its station affiliates including WFUV, KUTX and more, we hosted an 11-band showcase at Stubb's BBQ featuring headliners August Greene, a hip-hop jazz supergroup Common, Robert Glasper, and Karriem Riggins. The concert also featured XPN Artists to Watch Superorganism and Mt. Joy, XPNFest 2018 performer Tank & The Bangas, and others.
The stations also collaborated at the Public Radio Day Stage on Friday with six bands including Natalie Prass (featuring band members Eric Slick on drums from Dr. Dog, and Philly MVP Dominic Angellelo), Lo Moon, Sunflower Bean, The Shacks, Nikki Lane, and local R&B/hip-hop musician Melat.
WFUV and KXT in Austin both hosted off-campus showcases at The Four Seasons and NPR Music recorded late night dispatches every day with World Cafe host Talia Schlanger and hosts of NPR Music including Bob Boilen, and they also did a series of late night “lullabies” with Becca Mancari, Max Richter, the aforementioned Prass, and Nina Diaz & Luz Elena Mendoza.
Below, watch a sampling of the performances and listen to a Spotify playlist of some of the best things I heard in Austin.
Comments
Categorized Under:
VIDEO
Tags: Courtney Marie Andrews
PIQUA — The Piqua Area Chamber of Commerce will host a special Thursday Night Lights Tailgate Party on Thursday, Oct. 12, beginning at 5:30 p.m. Tailgate activities will be held outside Alexander Stadium and Purk Field prior to the televised high school GWOC football game between the Piqua Indians and Vandalia Butler Aviators.
The event will feature grilled hot dogs, chips, beverages, and music along with fun activities and games for all ages. The event is sponsored by the generous efforts of Koverman Staley Dickerson Insurance, Heritage Event and Catering Service, Edison State Community College, JimTech Audio & Music, Scott Family McDonald's, Anytime Fitness and Mainstreet Piqua. Fox 45 TV will also be on hand prior to televising the football game. The Piqua Athletic Department will be offering a dollar off game tickets for those purchasing tickets at the stadium.
The Tailgate begins at 5:30 and ends at 6:45 p.m. Join us and other football fans to support your Piqua Indians in their battle with Vandalia Butler. Kick-off will be at 7 p.m. Pre-sale tickets for this special football edition can be purchased at Joe Thoma's Jewelers or Piqua High School.
The mission of the Piqua Area Chamber of Commerce is to unite the Piqua business community, to enhance the quality of life of our citizens and to promote economic vitality and development.
ALTON | To foster discussion and fellowship, state Rep. Monica Bristow (D-Godfrey) will host a prayer breakfast from 9-10 a.m. Tuesday, June 12, at Senior Services Plus.
“To facilitate a roundtable dialogue with local church leadership and discuss our region's legislative needs in Springfield, I would like to bring together the Riverbend region's faith organizations for a prayer meeting,” Bristow said. “I want to take this opportunity to unify these wonderful organizations that have done so much for our community and discuss how we can work together to make our region a better place.”
Bristow will be hosting her first prayer breakfast with the goal of creating a long-lasting faith-based tradition for the Riverbend region. Following the prayer, light refreshments will be provided and guests are encouraged to stay. All are welcome to attend, but reservations are required.
Originally planned for the Bethalto Senior Center, the location and time has been changed to 9 a.m. at Senior Services Plus in Alton on June 12.
“I encourage local church leadership, attendees, and residents of the surrounding communities to stop by my prayer breakfast for a chance to come together in prayer and discussion,” Bristow said. “I am grateful for the opportunity to serve our region, and look forward to hearing the perspectives of our local faith leaders, and their thoughts on how we can work together for the benefit of our communities.”
For more information or to RSVP, contact Rep. Bristow's full-time constituent office at (618) 465-5900 or email RepMBristow@gmail.com.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
Sidharth Malhotra and Jacqueline Fernandez starrer ‘A Gentleman: Sundar Susheel Risky' is all set to treat the audience with the fun filled tracks ‘Disco Disco', ‘Baat Ban Jaye' and ‘Chandralekha', the team of ‘A Gentleman: Sundar Susheel Risky' is all set to unveil the sexiest action song ‘Bandook Meri Laila'.
The actors yet again took to Twitter to unveil the teaser of the song.
Sidharth Malhotra wrote, “In just 2 days! #BandookMeriLaila! Make some noise! #SexyAction @Asli_Jacqueline @foxstarhindi @Tseries @sachinjigarLIVE #AGentleman”
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The National Assembly session started on
Friday at 10:47 am with the recitation of verses from the Holy Quran and Naat.
Speaker National Assembly Sardar Ayaz Sadiq was in the chair.
The House would take up agenda items, question answer, calling attention
notices, presentation of periodical reports of various standing committees and motion of thanks.
BAHAWALPUR/VEHARI-The district police said strict action would be taken against the negligence cops who remain failed in taking action against drug peddlers and bootleggers.
During a meeting, the police officers here have been directed by the DPO to conduct crackdown on bootleggers and drug peddlers who have put the society on the path to destruction especially during New Year celebrations.
District Police Officer Ashfaq Khan asked the SDPOs and SHOs to conduct raids against liquor makers. He asked the SHOs to tighten the circle around the liquor makers in their respected areas and arrest the culprits. it does not only effect one person but also hurt the whole families and people around them and due to wrong companies youth start using these drugs, he said.
Liquor dealers especially locally brewing liquor dealers should be targeted with zero tolerance policy and no leniency should be shown to them. He said that along with taking actions against the drug addicts, major dealers of drugs and their facilitators will be targeted and strict action be taken against them.
In Vehari, tight security arrangements were made in and around the district Vehari to ensure peaceful celebration of New Year, DPO Omer Saeed said.
He said that all police stations in district would conduct patrolling and each police station would send out patrolling parties round the clock to cover more remote places of the city. He said that prohibition of firecrackers, fireworks, areal firing, and one-wheeling would be strictly enforced during the New Year celebrations. City has divided into four checking pickets regarding security check on entry and exit points. Special squads of traffic police have formed to run the traffic smoothly. Police have strictly warned the juveniles and parents against illegal and unethical activities during the New Year celebrations, he concluded.
Perhaps the most remarkable aspect is that at any given moment in songs such as “Just a Closer Walk With Thee” or “St. James Infirmary,” the central melody may or may not be evident, yet the song's guiding principle keeps the players unified no matter how far afield each may get in his or her own interpretation of that melody.
Coronation Street Episode Guide – Monday 21st August.
​SPOILER ALERT!
When Eileen confides in Nicola that Phelan's behaving strangely, Nicola assures her she's nothing to worry about.
hona can't believe it when a scratch card Bethany sent her to thank her for all her support wins £6k. Shona's squeals of delight in the café are witnessed by Zoe, who's there giving Gemma a hard time. Zoe phones Macca and tells him that Clayton's Mum has won some serious money. As Shona celebrates her win in the Rovers, Macca arrives and beckons her outside. What does he want?
Clearly stressed, Norris reckons they should abandon the whole marriage charade but Mary won't hear of it, pointing out how disappointed Jude would be. As Jude arrives with his wife Angie and their baby, Mary can barely contain her excitement.
Chesney looks after Hope and Ruby for the day, but as they try to leave the house for the community centre, Chesney suffers a panic attack. When Liz spots another scam leaflet in the Kabin window, she tells Norris about her plight and asks if she can take the leaflet.
Intrigued by Phelan's behaviour Nicola follows him. Phelan makes out he's working on a house conversion and is just disposing of an old mattress. Nicola's concerned to see a gash on Phelan's head. What is he hiding? As Eileen and Nicola fuss over Phelan's injury, Nicola suggests he could donate the mattress to a homeless shelter. At home a stressed Phelan takes his anger out on Nicola who's shocked by his outburst. Apologising he later shows her a receipt for some mattresses which he's donated to a shelter. While Phelan is clearly on the edge.
Macca tells Shona that Clayton's suicidal and £6k would give him the chance of an appeal and a normal life. Shona quizzes Todd, wanting to know if there's any truth in Macca's words or if he's simply trying to take her money. Todd explains that occasionally it's possible to get someone out of prison on a technicality but it's unlikely in Clayton's case.
Having found out that Chesney never showed up at the puppet workshop with the kids, Sinead and Fiz discuss Chesney's movements over the last few days and are concerned to realise he's never left the house.
As Audrey and Yasmeen coo over Mary's grandson, Mary reveals that the wedding will be an intimate affair without their friends present. Angie's suspicious. Mary's thrilled when Jude agrees to walk her down the aisle. Liz shows Sean her laptop and explains how she's adopted a false name and lured the perpetrator of the scam leaflets into exchanging emails.
GODFREY | Assistant Professor of Sociology Jen Cline's Race and Ethnic Relations class will host a panel discussion on race on college campuses from 1:30-3:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 25.
“The time to talk about race is now,” said Michele Depper, one of the students who helped organize the event.
The panel will consist of guest speakers answering questions and sharing ideas about racial concerns and disparities on college campuses and what can be done to alleviate these issues.
“The students organizing the panel have put in a lot of effort, and have faced some major challenges in organizing an event like this,” Cline said. “This is a very timely topic, as events happening on nearby campuses are making national headlines. College policies regarding race and ethnicity nationwide are having to be reviewed and adjusted, with the most successful policies being race-aware rather than color-blind. Lewis and Clark Community College is taking several initiatives to embrace diversity on our campus, with the goal that our students will develop the awareness and critical thought to become well-rounded citizens.”
Those wanting more information can email Cline.
Panelist bios
Ramsha Khan Durrani is a junior majoring in psychology at Southern Illinois University Edwardsville and president of both the Muslim Student Association and Arabic Club at SIUE. He is also secretary of the International Student Council.
Adrienne Reed is the director of diversity and inclusion at Lewis and Clark Community College.
Eda Watts is the director of diversity, student success and inclusion at Blackburn College.
Arantxa Salvador is a student at L&C who is president of Student Activities, president of the International Student Association, an officer of the Student Government Association and a member of the Black Student Association. She will graduate May 16 with an associate in arts.
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
Traders in Chorley are launching a food festival for the first time this summer.
Called Taste of Chorley, the day will showcase the town's best artisan food market.
There will be plenty of ways to get involved in the event with a chance for people to try their hand at making the best Chorley Cake for a baking competition.
Ruth Phillips owner of Woodchats Coffee Shop by the bus station in the town centre gave keen competitors her tips on how to make a winning Chorley Cake.
“I'd say a short pastry is best as it has to taste good,” she said. “Roll it as thin as possible and cake itself must be rolled when it has been filled to flatten it. Always serve with butter on top.”
A food festival cannot be complete in the county without a Lancashire hot pot. A grub trail, with stops throughout town for people to taste different versions of the delicacy, will be mapped out as well as a real ale trail.
Meanwhile a window dressing competition will allow traders to exhibit the best of their ware. The competition will have four categories for independent shops, charities, market stalls and chain stores. Independent judges will decide the winners of each category.
Traders will also be holding a Totally Locally Chorley Fiver Fest which means that all TLC businesses will be offering a special £5 offer on the day of the festival - June 24.
U.S. Treasury placed several Iranian state groups on its sanctions blacklist Wednesday, accusing them of serious human rights abuses and censorship.
In the latest of a series of actions meant to increase pressure on the Tehran regime, the Treasury department named the semi-official paramilitary group Ansar-e-Hezbollah and three of its leaders to its sanctions list.
The goal is to lock those who are blacklisted out of the global financial and commercial system.
Ansar-e-Hezbollah is "an organization supported by the Iranian regime that harasses and attacks the Iranian people," the Treasury said, citing its alleged role in acid attacks against women seen as improperly dressed in Isfahan, and other violent attacks on student protestors.
The Treasury also sanctioned Tehran's Evin Prison, used to house political prisoners, saying people held there are subject to sexual assaults, physical assaults and electric shock.
Two Iranian government officials involved in censorship, including blocking the popular encrypted messaging app Telegram, and a government-linked tech unit, Hanista Programing Group, were also placed ont he sanctions blacklist.
Hanista, the Treasury said, creates and distributes messaging apps meant to be alternatives to Telegram but which allow the government to monitor and track users' phones.
"Treasury is taking action to hold the Iranian regime accountable for ongoing human rights abuses, censorship, and other despicable acts it commits against its own citizens," said Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin in a statement.
Wednesday's announcement added to a series of moves to increase political and economic pressure on Tehran after President Donald Trump's May 8 decision to withdraw from the Iran nuclear accord.
Announcing its plan to broaden the AI for Earth programme, Microsoft has pledged $50 million over the next five years to put artificial intelligence technology in the hands of those who are working to mitigate climate change.
Microsoft rolled out the AI for Earth programme six months ago with an aim to put the power of artificial intelligence towards tackling environmental challenges.
"At Microsoft, we believe artificial intelligence is a game changer. Our approach as a company is focused on democratizing AI so its features and capabilities can be put to use by individuals and organizations around the world to improve real-world outcomes," Microsoft President and Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith wrote in a blog post on Monday.
The announcement came on the eve of the second anniversary of the Paris Agreement.
AI can be very useful in monitoring, modeling and managing the Earth's natural systems. Data can speak volumes about the health of our home planet, including the conditions of air, water, land and the well-being of our wildlife.
"But we need technology's help to capture this vast amount of data and convert it into actionable intelligence. AI can be trained to classify raw data from sensors on the ground, in the sky or in space into categories that both humans and computers understand," Smith said.
"Fundamentally, AI can accelerate our ability to observe environmental systems and how they are changing at a global scale, convert the data into useful information and apply that information to take concrete steps to better manage our natural resources," he added.
Over the past six months, Microsoft has awarded over 35 grants in more than 10 countries for access to Microsoft Azure and AI technology. Microsoft said its AI for Earth could be a force multiplier for groups and individuals who are creating sustainable solutions.
"That's why we're not just putting more resources into this effort, but also coupling this with a long-term commitment to applying AI to grow and scale in four key areas - climate, water, agriculture and biodiversity," Smith said.
Microsoft wants to do it in three ways. First, it plans to expand seed grants around the world to create and test new AI applications. "We will also provide universities, non-governmental organisations and others with advanced training to put AI to its best use," Smith said.
Next, Microsoft will identify the projects that show the most promise and make larger investments to help bring them to scale. "Finally, as these projects advance, we'll identify and pursue opportunities to incorporate new AI advances into platform-level services so that others can use them for their own sustainability initiatives," Smith said.
Shakira will meet with fans in Istanbul on July 11 for her sixth world tour "El Dorado," which is also the name of her latest album.
The pop superstar diva will take the stage at Vodafone Park with the organization of the BKM (Beşiktaş Cultural Center).
The tour, which started on June 3, is organized by Live Nation. The Colombian singer, who has 12 Grammy awards, will come to Turkey with her parents, William Mebarek Chadid and Nidia del Carmen, and brother, Tonio Mebarek.
They will visit the Sultanahmet Square, Sultanahmet Mosque, Topkapı Palace and the Grand Bazaar.
The beautiful singer of Lebanese origin has decided to take her family with her to Istanbul because she will perform in Lebanon next.
She told reporters that she is so happy to be performing in Istanbul after 11 years. Shakira also said that Gerard Pique, her husband, will join them after Spain bid farewell to the World Cup.
The Spanish national, Pique, had promised Arda Turan that he would come to Istanbul when they were teammates in Barcelona.
Spokesperson of the Premier League Board Tamimu Issah has rubbished reports that the Premier League club Elmina Sharks have been handed a ten match home ban by the Disciplinary Committee of the GFA following an attack on referee Nuhu Liman during their clash with Medeama SC.
Wa-based referee Yakubu Nuhu Liman was brutally beaten by home fans when The Mauves played The Sharks at the Nduom Sports Complex in the week seven clashes of the Ghana Premier League.
The matter which received massive public outcry with many calling for severe punishment for Elmina Sharks is yet to be heard by the Disciplinary Committee.
But media reports on Tuesday suggested the Elmina-based side has been handed a 10-match home ban – a development the PLB mouthpiece has debunked.
“It's not true. The Disciplinary Committee has not even sat on the case. They are waiting for responses from both teams. So it's not true they've been banned,” he told Ahomka FM.
“It's a ridiculous lie,” he added. “There are statutory timeless both clubs must meet and they've not even exhausted that for the DC to adjudicate the matter. The deadlines have not been met yet so they can't sit on it.”
Following similar reports, Elmina Sharks also released a statement debunking the story of their ban, describing the report as erroneous and a calculated attempt to dent the image of the club.
Popular Gospel music group, Beauty For Ashes, is currently busy working on their latest album titled, Renaissance. The album is the third since the …
Rwead more
Mercedes-Benz Celebrate 70 Years of Indian Independence With The GLC ‘Celebration Edition'
Mercedes-Benz India have launched a limited edition GLC called the ‘Celebration Edition' to commemorate 70 years of Indian Independence, which will be available in limited numbers.
The new ‘Celebration Edition' GLC will be offered with a unique new paint scheme called ‘Designo hyacinth red'. The GLC will also feature the LED logo projector as standard which is fitted to the doors, with the Star icon shadows you on entry and exit of the GLC. The GLC ‘Celebration Edition' also sees the addition of some sporty touches – such as the exterior mirrors housing being covered in black with a high-gloss finish and the inclusion of the sports pedals inside giving a high quality sporty feel inside. The limited-edition car also sees the addition of various bits of chrome both at the front and rear-end of the car which enhance the aesthetics of the vehicle while also giving it a distinctive look compared to the standard GLC range. The GLC ‘ Celebration Edition' also gets the Garmin Map Pilot navigation system as standard.
At the launch, Roland Folger, Managing Director & CEO, Mercedes-Benz India said: “We are glad to launch the GLC ‘Celebration Edition' to commemorate India's 70th Independence day and also celebrate the SUV's overwhelming success in the Indian market since its debut, a year ago. The GLC underscores our philosophy of introducing world-class products from our global portfolio, for our discerning Indian customers. The sporty exterior and interior accessories offered in the ‘Celebration Edition' enhances the car's striking appearance. We are positive that the ‘Celebration Edition' will delight the customers who desire to make the best of every ground. With the launch of GLC ‘Celebration Edition', Mercedes-Benz celebrates its long-standing relationship with the Indian customers.”
He further added, “Ever since its launch, the GLC has won several hearts and minds and remains a key product in our diversified portfolio. We have seen a growing penchant for luxury SUVs amongst the luxury car customers in India and the GLC is a vital addition to our product offering. GLC has cemented Mercedes-Benz's strong presence in the luxury SUV segment in India and has emerged as the highest selling SUV in the portfolio. With the launch of the ‘Celebration Edition', we are confident of remaining the first choice for customers, who desire a sporty and luxury SUV, with class leading performance and uncompromised safety features. We expect the GLC to remain our key volume driver and we are glad that our product strategy has been working well.”
The new Mercedes-Benz GLC ‘Celebration Edition' is being offered with two engine options, the first being the GLC 220 d powered by the turbocharged 2.2-litre four-cylinder diesel motor which develops 170 PS and 400 Nm. The petrol aficionados will have the option of the GLC 300 which is powered by a turbocharged 2.0-litre four-cylinder engine which makes 245 PS and 370 Nm. Both GLCs are mated to Merecedes' nine-speed 9G-Tronic automatic gearbox, with power going to all four wheels through the 4MATIC all-wheel drive system. The GLC 220 d ‘Celebration Edition' is priced at Rs 50.86 lakh while the GLC 300 ‘Celebration Edition' is priced at Rs 51.25 lakh (ex-showroom).
Story: Sahej Patheja
WATFORD, Ont. – Ontario NDP Leader Andrea Horwath had an unexpected campaign stop during her swing through southwestern Ontario on Wednesday – a campaign bus breakdown.
Horwath's bus, dubbed the “Proletariat Chariot” by media riding on it for the campaign, experienced mechanical problems on Highway 402 near Watford, Ont.
The bus pulled over safely after a burning smell started to enter the cabin.
READ MORE: Andrea Horwath has chance meeting with former Liberal premier David Peterson
A faulty fanbelt was believed to be the problem.
“I'm going to check the engine,” Horwath said, walking off the bus to assess the situation.
“Time for a #FanbeltChange4TheBetter,” she tweeted a short time later.
Horwath's communications team said the breakdown was proof their campaign is “hot.”
Fireworks to mark the Fourth of July holiday explode as fans sit on the outfield grass of Coors Field after a baseball game Tuesday in Denver.
David Zalubowski, AP Images
Fireworks, food and family: Get the most out of the Fourth of July
Happy birthday, America! Looking to show your love for the red, white and blue? Here's what you need to know to make the most out of your holiday week:
Heat, humidity and perhaps rain on these parades
Across the nation, high temperatures, humid air and thunderstorms are anticipated, possibility putting an end to outdoor Fourth of July festivities and fireworks for some. For northern states such as Minnesota, the upper Midwest and western portions of Wisconsin, severe thunderstorms are a high possibility — and will be accompanied with large hail and damaging winds. From the Rockies to the East Coast, temperatures in the 90s are predicted, with highs of 100 degrees in the Desert Southwest. While temperatures along the West Coast and into the Northwest will range from the 60s to 80s, humidity is expected to remain in form control of the Plains all the way to the East.
Summer's heat starts to sizzle A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07 A boy cools off from the heat on the Swann Memorial Fountains in Logan Square Park, in Philadelphia, June 17, 2018. 01 / 07
Or just stay inside to watch these shows and movies
July Fourth is big for America. And for Hollywood. Once you get your fill of sparklers and corn on the cob, here's our movie viewing guide for every mood you might find yourself in. And here's what you can binge-watch from home, whether you are a war-movie buff or you're looking for some fireworks.
Rescuers start to teach boys trapped in Thai cave to dive
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, more than a week after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand. The boys, aged 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared after they went exploring after a soccer game on June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday. But risky conditions, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Stars headline action-packed Wimbledon round
Wimbledon rolls on Wednesday at the England Club with several marquee names in action. The women's draw sees both Williams sisters in action as No. 9 seed Venus Williams takes on Alexandra Dulgheru (8 a.m. ET) while No. 25 seed Serena Williams faces Viktoriya Tomova (12:30 p.m. ET). Fellow American Madison Keys, in the No. 10 spot, leads off by taking on Luksika Kumkhum at 6:30 a.m. ET. The big highlight on the men's side is, who else, No. 1 Roger Federer. The defending champion takes on Lukas Lacko at 10 a.m. ET.
Top shots from the 2018 Wimbledon Championships Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws her racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21 Heather Watson of Great Britain accidentally throws her racket during first-round match against Kirsten Flipkens. 01 / 21
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
PANAJI: Describing the commencement of distribution of provisional Sanad letters to the residents of Mayem as “dawn of a new era for the village,” the government on Monday gave away such letters to 62 families from the village.
The exercise carried out by the North Goa Collectorate under the Goa (Abolition of proprietorships, titles and grants of lands) Act, 2014 saw transfer of the ownership of a part of evacuee property in Mayem from the Custodian to the tenants and mundkars.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar, who presented these letters at a special function organised at the Institute Menezes Braganza hall in the city, said that whenever the government enacts legislation, rarely it is accompanied by proper thinking over it. “There is a pressing need to consider this aspect, as without proper thinking on the legislation, people fail to enjoy its benefits,” he noted.
Speaking further, Parrikar, during whose tenure the particular Act was enacted, said that the government has eliminated the root cause of the Mayem evacuee property problem that is abolition of proprietorship, titles and grants of land by the Portuguese to some families in Goa. “However, only 18 per cent of the related cases have been cleared till now, which calls for speeding up the process of distribution of the Sanad letters,” he observed, maintaining that by next year, at least 75 per cent to 80 per cent of the Sanad letters need to be handed over to the beneficiaries, and the issue completely settled within next two to two-and-a-half years.
The Defence Minister held the authorities ruling Goa from time to time, responsible for allowing the issue of evacuee property to decay, as they did not try to understand the issue fully. “My government studied the issue with a view to provide a permanent relief to the people of Mayem,” he concluded.
Deputy Chief Minister Francis D'Souza, describing the beginning of distribution of Sanad letters as the real liberation of Mayem, 55 years after Goa has been liberated from the Portuguese rule, said that the delay in processing the 1,100-odd applications was due to the fact that the number of claimants of the evacuee property had substantially increased over the years.
“The problem of evacuee property was a complex problem,” D'Souza admitted, stating that the Goan land was in the possession of foreigner, and an effective legislation needed to be enacted. “In fact, implementing the enacted legislations effectively was more important than enacting the legislation itself,” he noted.
North Goa Collector, Agnelo Fernandes, in the welcome address said that the Collectorate is checking the survey numbers of the lands in the village, besides verifying related documents from the inheritors. He also informed that some evacuee property-related cases have been fixed for hearing.
Speaker of the state legislative assembly and Mayem MLA Anant Shet said that the residents of Mayem are now getting the possession of their rightful lands, and hence it is a historic moment for the state.
CALIFORNIA VS. SOUTHERN CAL
Results
Hosted by USC
Friday, February 2nd
25 Yards
Dual Meet Format
FINAL TEAM SCORES:
CAL: 168
USC: 123
Freshman standout Ryan Hoffer won multiple events for the Cal Bears as they took down Pac-12 rival USC on Saturday. A tight battle in the 50 free saw 4 Bears break 20 seconds, but Hoffer got there first in 19.79 ahead of teammates Pawel Sendyk (19.82), Justin Lynch (19.84), and Michael Jensen (19.99). Hoffer prevailed again in the 100 free, out-touching Lynch (44.24) and Jensen (44.38) to win it in 44.20.
Hoffer wasn't the only freshman to pick up a win for the Bears. Bryce Mefford rocked a 1:42.96 in the 200 back to outswim USC's Patrick Mulcare (1:43.70).
Nick Norman and Andrew Seliskar also contributed winning doubles for the Bears. Norman swept the distance freestyles, posting a 4:26.48 in the 500 free and a 9:04.39 in the 1000 free. Seliskar, who may take a shot at the 200 breast in the post season this time around, dominated the 200 breast in 1:55.52 ahead of USC's Carsten Vissering (1:59.74). In his 2nd meet back since taking a semester abroad in the fall, Vissering picked up a win of his own with a quick 52.66 in the 100 breast. Seliskar went on to win the 200 IM in 1:45.09.
In addition to his wins, Seliskar also finished 2nd in the 200 free. He trailed USC's Dylan Carter by about a half a second in the front half, but Carter extended his lead through the back half. At the finish, Carter set a new Pool Record with his 1:33.24. Seliskar was just over a second back in 1:34.47.
Notably absent for USC at this meet was ace sprinter Santo Condorelli. A representative for USC tells SwimSwam that Condorelli is resting his shoulder. His status for tomorrow's meet is still to be determined.
PRESS RELEASE – CAL:
LOS ANGELES – A trip to Los Angeles gave the Cal men's swimming and diving team another chance to test itself in a racing environment and another strong team performance yielded a victory as the Bears earned a 168-123 dual meet win over USC at Uytengsu Aquatics Center.
A warm Southern California day provided the backdrop and Cal didn't take long to heat up when it came to winning races. Daniel Carr , Connor Hoppe , Matthew Josa and Ryan Hoffer got the Bears on the board right away as their 200-yard medley relay time of 1:26.07 provided a win in the opening event.
Cal's distance swimmers continued to build the team lead with a 1-2-3 finish in the 1,000 free. Nick Norman touched the wall first with a time of 9:04.39, Sean Grieshop followed in second and Ken Takahashi rounded out the Cal contingent in third.
Though USC managed wins in the 200 free, 100 back and 100 breasts, Cal continued to score points thanks to its depth. Andrew Seliskar and Michael Jensen finished 2-3 in the 200 free, Zheng Wen Quah , Bryce Mefford and Carr went 2-3-4 in the 100 back and Hoppe, Carson Sand and Matt Whittle equaled that 2-3-4 showing in the 100 breast.
Cal went into the first break with plenty of momentum thanks to wins in the 200 fly and 50 free. Mike Thomas led a 1-2-3 Cal finish in the 200 fly, finishing in a time of 1:44.96 to edge teammates Josa and Jack Xie . The Bears followed by taking the top four spots in the 50 free as Hoffer (19.79), Pawel Sendyk , Justin Lynch and Jensen scored maximum points in the event.
Once racing resumed, Cal's sprint crew picked up where they left off with Hoffer clocking a time of 44.20 in the 100 free to earn his second win and Lynch and Jensen rounding out the top three. Freshman Bryce Mefford picked up a win in the 200 back with a time of 1:42.96, Norman secured his own double with a winning time of 4:26.28 in the 500 free, Josa won the 100 fly in 46.64 and Seliskar found the winner's circle with a time of 1:45.09 in the 200 IM. The Bears capped their victory by going 2-3 in the 400 free relay.
Cal wraps up the 2017-18 dual meet schedule on Feb. 17 when it travels to Stanford for a noon showdown. The postseason gets underway from Feb. 21-24 with the Pac-12 Diving Championships and continues from Feb. 28-March 4 with the Pac-12 Swimming Championships. Both will be held in Federal Way, Wash. The NCAA Zone E Diving Championships are set for March 5-7 in Flagstaff, Ariz. and the NCAA Swimming and Diving Championships will be held March 21-24 at the University of Minnesota.
PRESS RELEASE – USC:
No. 10 USC won five events, including a sweep of the springboards, but fell to No. 1 California, 168-123, Friday (Feb. 2) at the Uytengsu Aquatics Center.
The Trojans lost for the first time this season and drops to 6-1, 2-1. Cal improves to 5-0, 4-0.
Cal edged USC in the opening 200 medley relays, the Bears winning in 1:26.08 to the Trojans' season-best set by freshman Robert Glinta , juniors Carsten Vissering and Kyle Grissom and senior Ralf Tribuntsov .
The Bears swept the 1000y free, led by Nick Norman‘s 9:04.39. Pawel Furtek led USC in fourth in 9:23.14.
USC's Dylan Carter nailed down Troy's first win of the day (the first of three in a row), fighting back Cal's Andrew Seliskar to win the 200y free in 1:33.24 in a pool record, breaking former Bear Tom Shields' mark of 1:3370. Trojan freshman Jake Sannem was fourth in 1:37.13.
Glinta followed with a win in the 100y back in 47.28 while Vissering, rounding into form in his second meet of the season, won the 100y breast in USC season-best 52.66. The Bears filled in the next three spots in both races.
Cal countered with sweeps in the 200y fly and the 50y and 100y free. Bear Bryce Mefford won the 200y back in 1:42.96 with USC's Patrick Mulcare second in 1:43.70, Glinta third (1:44.84).
Seliskar won the 200y breast in 1:55.52 while Vissering posted a second-place finish in 1:59.24.
The Trojans got their first 1-2 finish on the 3-meter springboard as sophomore Henry Fusaro (366.45) and senior Dashiell Enos (325.05) took the top two spots. Dylan Marin was fifth (250.20). USC flipped the top 2 spots on 1-meter with Enos first with 356.85, Fusaro second with 348.60.
Sannem led USC in the 500y free in third with a 4:27.90 and junior Alex Valente took second in the 100y fly in 47.43.
USC closed with a win in the 400y free relay with Carter, Tribuntsov, freshman Justin Nguyen and Glinta touching first in 2:54.68.
The Trojans host Stanford at noon on Saturday on Senior Day, when USC will honor eight swimmers and divers in their final home meet.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) Crews on Monday were removing one Confederate statue in a Florida city and authorities said someone had splashed red paint around a Confederate memorial park in another city.
Sounds of a jackhammer echoed in downtown Gainesville as workers tore out the foundation of the statue known as “Old Joe” after local authorities decided to move it from outside the Alachua County Administration Building.
The statue's removal had been in the works for months after protests and several failed attempts to relocate it. It was unclear if the work was hastened by violent protests surrounding the removal of a Confederate statue in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.
The statue is being returned to the local chapter of the United Daughters of the Confederacy, which erected it in 1904. The county said it did not know where the statue would go, the Gainesville Sun reported.
In Tampa, a passer-by called 911 after seeing that paint had been tossed on and around the Confederate memorial's columns and derogatory comments were scrawled in paint, Hillsborough County sheriff's officials said in a news release. The site is on private property near Tampa on Florida's west coast.
The Confederate Memorial Park, near I-4 and I-75, was vandalized with paint in reaction to Charlottesville attack. It's been cleaned. #WTSP pic.twitter.com/uXxJbO1HYE — Deborah Whiteside (@newsphotogdeb) August 14, 2017
Other Confederate memorials in the area have been targeted as well.
Hillsborough County commissioners voted on July 19 to remove a different monument in the county, this one in downtown Tampa and on county property, after several heated meetings filled with public discussion.
On Wednesday, the commission is scheduled to discuss the monument again with an update on the relocation.
The attention focused on Florida's Confederate monuments comes as similar debates heat up in other states. Tension flared into violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, after a white nationalist rally that was tied to protest against the removal of a Confederate statue there.
PESHAWAR, Feb 15 (APP): Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Sports Minister Mehmood Khan along with former World Champion Qamar Zaman Wednesday inaugurated international standard Squash Complex named after Qamar Zaman at a cost of Rs. 100 million at vicinity of the Qayyum Sports Complex.
Besides him, former World Champion Qamar Zaman, Deputy Secretary Sports Adil Safi, Director General Sports KP Miss Rashida Ghaznavi, Director Operation Tariq Mehmood, good numbers of squash players, contactors were also present.
The Squash Complex named after former World Champion Qamar will have four international standard and one practicing squash courts with wooden floor and glass walls, hotel for 40 players and six executive rooms, washroom blocks for female and male, female and male changing areas, and a well equip mini-gymnasium covering.
The squash courts would cost Rs. 70 million, hostel Rs. 18 million and other developmental work like gymnasium, washrooms, changing area would cost 3 million. The hostel would be constructed at a covering area of 3954 feet, squash court 6426 feet, washrooms block, changing area 1260 feet. There will be overall 300 spectators facilities besides referees and media boxes.
Earlier, KP Sports Minister Mehmood Khan and Qamar Zaman formally laid foundation stone of the Qamar Zaman Squash Complex to be completed by December 2017.
Speaking on this occasion, former World Champion thanked Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pervez Khattak for taken quickly decision of the construction of the much-needed Squash Complex in the premises of Qayyum Sports Complex. He said with the construction of the five squash courts in Qayyum Sports Complex and two in the Nawa Khali would coup up the need of the players.
Mehmood Khan while talking to the media said that as desired by the Chairman PTI Imran Khan and Chief Minister, they have laid down the foundation stone of the construction of modern-day Squash Complex. He said efforts have been taken for provision of all out facilities to the players at their door steps and that is why a total of 36 grounds have been completed across the province.
He said the Under-23 Games at the District level has already been kicked off from Bannu and will be organized in districts, followed by KP Inter-Regional Games wherein more than 700 athletes both male and female would take part.
KARACHI/Multan - Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman on Sunday resumed his war of words with his party's former president Javed Hashmi, calling him ‘insane'.
“Javed Hashmi is in that age where he does not even know himself and even what he is saying. He has gone insane,” Khan said, while replying to a question about Javed Hashmi during his media talk in Karachi. “His statement is a lie and I will call it a lie plus,” Khan added.
Javed Hashmi, who resigned from PTI after differences with Imran Khan following 2014 protest sit-in at Islamabad, claimed that Khan had made a deal with the then chief justice to come into power through ‘judicial martial law' during the anti-government campaign.
Hashmi responded to Khan's allegations, saying that Khan should respond to his question. “We both should undergo a mental test, and I will suggest dope test as well to verify our mental state. And if the report confirmed, the nation will get rid of Imran Khan.”
Talking to newsmen in Multan, Hashmi challenged Imran for a debate.
“Why doesn't he (Imran Khan) answer to my questions?” asked Javed Hashmi while referring to his sit-ins as “Dharna Plus”. He challenged the PTI chief for a debate while questioning the role of Jahangir Tareen and suggesting a ‘script' for PTI's sit-ins.
Hashmi revealed that the PTI leaders had decided to target specified places for sit-ins and take over the parliament. “Shah Mehmood Qureshi admitted that there was no election rigging in Punjab, however, Imran Khan was disappointed for getting less seats,” disclosed Hashmi.
He claimed, “Imran Khan has no guts to talk in front of me. A commission should be made to decide who is a liar – me or Imran Khan.”
He further claimed Imran Khan was frustrated after failure in Punjab and had told him that Justice (r) Nasirul Mulk will dissolve assemblies upon his orders. He asked Jahangir Tareen, “Where is the umpire, who will raise his finger?”
Hashmi asked why leaves of judges were cancelled. “Imran Khan said during sit-ins that first, Tahirul Qadri will occupy the parliament and then we'll go there,” he claimed.
Talking about other issues during his media talk in Karachi, Imran said that the new year will start with Panamagate case and justice will be served.
About Karachi issues, Imran said if the people of Karachi do not pressurise the administration to solve their basic problems, then Karachi will become another Mohenjo Daro.
Imran also announced to arrange a big walk and carry out a protest for the basic rights of the people of Karachi in his next visit after the Panamaleaks case was over. “The mafia in Karachi is making money over water. Properties are being bought in Dubai with stolen money but no one is taking notice of that,” he said.
“No one cares about the situation in Karachi. We would gather the people of Karachi. Clean water and a clean Karachi is the right of people,” Khan added.
About internal rift in the party, Khan said that they are kicking out the deceivers from the party.
Real Madrid have emerged as rumoured suitors for La Liga rivals Barcelona midfielder Sergi Roberto.
The 25-year-old, who is running out of his contract at the end of the season – has developed into a key player for Barça and has a release clause in the region of £35million.
Premier League giants Manchester United have been linked with a swoop for the Spain international, but according to Diario Gol, Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is keen on bringing the versatile midfielder to the Bernabeu.
The report also suggests that the Spanish champions are prepared to part with Luka Modric and Dani Ceballos in order to complete the deal.
Ceballos has been linked with a move to the English Premier League, while Modric's future seems uncertain as the 32-year-old Croatian enters the latter stages of his career.
Comments
comments
The Illinois Department of Public Health has identified that mosquitoes from Glenview and Morton Grove, Illinois have tested positive for West Nile virus.
North Shore Mosquito Abatement District staff collected the positive mosquitoes on May 25, 2018. No human cases of West Nile virus have been reported so far this year.
Monitoring for West Nile virus in Illinois includes laboratory tests for mosquito batches, dead perching birds, as well as testing sick horses and humans with West Nile virus-like symptoms.
Common symptoms include fever, nausea, headache and muscle aches. Symptoms may last from a few days to a few weeks. However, four out of five people infected with West Nile virus will not show any symptoms.
Stella Louise Flatt, 73, of South Roxana, died Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, at Integrity Healthcare of Wood River.
Visitation will be 4 p.m. until service at 6 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 16, at Marks Mortuary in Wood River.
Foods, specifically health foods, are now finding place in everyday conversations. But if you asked Rutuja Diwekar, which Egyptian grain you should add to your lunch bowl, or whether you should pick kale or moringa for your next salad, her answer might be, “Wake up and smell the cardamom.'' The Mumbai-based celebrity nutritionist can't stress enough on the fact that there is no dearth of superfoods in the Indian Kitchen.
This is the sole focus of Diwekar's book, Indian Superfoods by Juggernaut Books. The presenter of Indian Food Wisdom (DVD) and three other health-related books, Diwekar points out the irony of having access to a multitude of nutritionally vibrant ingredients and still being introduced to them via the West. “We keep going the yoga route where foreigners are now telling us about ghee, besan, chai and turmeric… ingredients that are innately Indian,” she says. Common kitchen wisdom, potent herbs and powerful food pairings have been passed down for generations. “Health hacks like eating curd-rice and mangoes during summers are things we grew up listening to but no one gave them an umbrella term like ‘superfood',” she says. Diwekar explains this with the example of panchamrita, an Indian elixir that can give any green smoothie a run for its money. “It's a combination of milk, ghee, honey, sugar and curd and has so many health benefits from boosting immunity to vitalising the brain and improving complexion, but who reaches for that?”
How turmeric, coriander and other Indian staples play superfood
Notice how most Indian recipes start by tempering vitamin-rich mustard or cumin in clarified butter and end with a garnish of phytonutrient-dense coriander leaves. This exemplifies how Indian cooking effortlessly accommodates superfoods. “Around 1835 AD, the British wanted to ban Ayurveda in India, so practitioners cleverly worked it into food,” says Dr Bhaswati Bhattacharya, author of Everyday Ayurveda (Random House India, 2015).
She elaborates on the benefits of turmeric, which is now endorsed by everyone from Jessica Koslow, chef-owner at Sqirl, Los Angeles, with her turmeric tonic, to Jamie Oliver's famed turmeric chicken. “Ayurveda spoke of turmeric's anti inflammatory and antibiotic properties centuries ago. It was used to marinate meat in order to get rid of bacterial traces and to give the dish a lovely yellow tinge. Moreover, in South Asia we have been consuming turmeric in all possible forms: raw, pickled and powdered,” adds Bhattacharya, professor of medicine at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York City.
While turmeric, ghee, amla, neem and coconut oil have had their share of attention from the Western media, bael fruit, mustard oil, fennel seeds and jamun are likely to debut soon. Bhattacharya's next book on Ayurvedic food explores these ingredients in depth, while Diwekar has already covered underdogs such as kokum, ambadi, tamarind and jackfruit.
The benefits of homegrown superfoods remain under wraps largely due to the perception that Indian cuisine, on the whole is essentially “unhealthy.” But it's not the ingredients, it's the amount of ghee or oil that is used in the preparations, says chef Gurpareet Bains, author of the bestselling book Indian Superfood, published in 2010. The London-based chef decided to change this mindset with a recent series of culinary pop-ups tagged ‘Indian Superfood', where he used what he calls ‘super spices'. His signature dishes include nutmeg-scented Natural High Curry, chicken with blueberries and cinnamon, and meat with banana, fenugreek and coriander salsa that he serves with exotic oysters. The idea worked so well with Londoners that he now plans to bring his pop-ups to Mumbai and Delhi. According to Bains, a little creativity will go a long way in making Indian superfoods exciting. Think about tossing tulsi into a salad, blending amla with other green ingredients to make an icy smoothie, or kesar-flavoured gelato.
What exactly is a superfood?
With everything from exotic African teas and Iranian spices being called the next big ingredient, experts agree that the word superfood is used too loosely. “For me, to be able to call any food a superfood, it has to be something that my grandma's mother ate, which means it has stood the test of time. It should grow locally and taste good too,” says Diwekar. This eliminates fads like edible chlorophyll, charcoal smoothies and insect salads, “because that is not even our food!” she says.
Food fads not only do little for our health, they have a deep social and ecological impact—the popularity of quinoa, for instance, has led to the Bolivian farmer no longer being able to afford the grain. “Or the rising popularity of krill oil, which was until now, known as whale food. At no point in history have humans consumed whale food. If we start eating krill, what will the whales eat?” she says.
Easy to reach
Build an appetite for these foods, says Diwekar:
ARM Life is the insurance subsidiary of Asset & Resource Management Company Ltd (ARM). Its parent company, ARM is one of the largest non-bank financial services firms in Nigeria with a focus on asset management. Established in 1994, ARM started operations as a traditional asset management company specialising in the management of quoted equities and fixed income securities.
We are recruiting to fill the following positions below in Lagos State:
CLICK HERE TO VIEW JOB DETAILS AND APPLY
Netflix has already punched back against Disney's plans to pull its content from the streaming platform by 2019 — by luring away one of Disney ABC's most prolific content creators, Shonda Rhimes.
The Los Gatos, Calif., company announced Sunday evening that it inked a multi-year deal with Rhimes, the writer and producer of award-winning series such as “Scandal,” “Grey's Anatomy” and “How to Get Away With Murder.” As part of the deal, Rhimes will bring her Los Angeles production company, Shondaland, to Netflix to produce original series and projects. Rhimes' longtime producing partner Betsy Beers will make the move to Netflix as well.
“Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television,” Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer, said in a statement. “Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix.”
Shondaland's current series will continue to air on ABC, and Rhimes said in a statement that her production company “will be there every step of the way." Her relationship with Disney has spanned more than a decade.
Describing her move to Netflix as an evolution of her company, Rhimes said the streaming service, which in recent years has plunged headfirst into original programming with its own hit series such as “House of Cards” and “Stranger Things,” provides a “clear, fearless space for creators.”
Sarandos “understood what I was looking for — the opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation,” Rhimes said. “The future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities."
ABC did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Netflix, which launched in the 1990s as a DVD rental service, has become the leader in media streaming and video on demand, and in recent years it has gained clout in Hollywood as an entertainment producer in its own right.
With more than 100 million global subscribers, a recommendation algorithm based on years of customer viewing habits and a willingness to throw money at content creators (the company said it plans to spend $6 billion in 2017 on original programming, up from $1.7 billion last year), it also represents a growing threat to Hollywood giants.
Like many firms with tech roots, Netflix's ambitions have grown beyond merely providing a platform that content creators can use. This ambition has rattled incumbents and created friction in Hollywood. Traditional studios and TV networks are still grappling with audiences' migration away from cable subscriptions in favor of on-demand video streaming services such as Netflix and Hulu, and they lack the agility of their tech-centric counterparts.
Walt Disney Co. was the first major incumbent to strike back against Netflix's growing dominance, announcing last week that it will launch two of its own video streaming services in 2019: an ESPN service, which is expected to feature 10,000 sporting events annually, and a Disney-branded film and TV offering that will include original content developed by Walt Disney Studios.
When the services launch, Disney will also end its distribution agreement with Netflix for new films, beginning with the 2019 calendar year theatrical slate. Shows born from the relationship between Netflix and Disney-owned Marvel TV, such as “Jessica Jones,” will still be available on Netflix.
CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Kenneth Turan reviews "Wind River," directed by Taylor Sheridan and starring Jeremy Renner and Elizabeth Olsen. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. Justin Chang reviews "Columbus," directed by Kogonada and starring John Cho and Haley Lu Richardson. Video by Jason H. Neubert. CAPTION "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. "Step" tells the inspirational story of Baltimore teens' triumph against the odds. CAPTION Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). Rebecca Sugar, Zach Callison, Deedee Magno Hall and Michaela Dietz stop by the L.A. Times' Comic-Con studio to talk "Steven Universe" (and sing some songs). CAPTION Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are." Watch "Steven Universe" creator Rebecca Sugar perform "Be Wherever You Are."
tracey.lien@latimes.com
Twitter: @traceylien
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pretty woman's face was ravaged in just three years by a killer sinus infection that destroyed her features and left her unable to see or eat.
Beautiful Tran Thi Yen Nhung, 28, dreamed of being an actress but started suffering pains inside her nose and doctors diagnosed her with sinusitis.
The pain worsened and her worried family frantically began searching for cures before medics operated on her a year later in My Tho, Vietnam.
But the operation led to the infection worsening and despite the family spending 500 million VND - the equivalent of £180,000 - on treatments, the infection continued spreading.
Within a year it had eaten through almost all of Nhung's face - completely destroying her nose, mouth and her brow - and it was infected with flies.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT
(Photo: Viral Press)
(Photo: Viral Press)
Pictures of her aged 24 show her stunning beauty as she dreamed of becoming an actress, marrying and starting a family, before the sinus infection began.
Heartbreaking footage of her at the local temple last December shows how quickly the infection spread, with her mother feeding her drops of water from a spoon as monks and nuns chant prayers for her.
Tragically, Nhung finally succumbed to the illness - which had prevented her from eating and seeing - on December 27.
Nhung's devastated aunt, Tran Van Hong, said the family want people to see the horrific damage to help warn other about the dangers of the sinus infection to ensure they do not suffer the same pain.
She said: "Seeing Nhung in so much pain was heartbreaking. She never stopped hurting. But she was kind and begged for her family not to spend more money on her treatment. She said she was okay, she wished not for us to cry.
"We were looking for treatment, visiting every hospital to find someone to help. Her mind was still very awake, but she could not eat or drink. Money was completely finished, we had borrowed lots to pay for medical bills. In the end the disease would not go away."
(Photo: Viral Press)
(Photo: Viral Press)
Local nun and Good Samaritan Bui Thi Lien, who helped to care for Nhung at the temple, said that as the illness had developed doctors had tried to remedy it by amputating pieces of flesh.
Nhung had also tried alternative therapies throughout the illness but none of them had any effect.
Sinus infections are caused when the lining of the sinuses becomes inflamed caused by a viral infection.
It usually clears up within a couple of weeks but left untreated can spread to the brain and cause meningitis .
Leading sinus expert Wellington S. Tichenor, M.D. from the Center For Allergy-Asthma in New York said that Nhung's severe infection is likely to have been caused by a combination of fungus in the sinus and poor medical treatment in developing countries.
He said: "The disease is different in different parts of the world. In the third world, the difference in medicine, climate and medical care are much different.
"There can be, for example, a number of different problems that don't occur in western countries. That can be down to fungus that is invasive and cause fungus balls.
"There are also other diseases that look alike and feel alike sinusitis or rare tumours that doctors are less likely to notice. In less developed countries sinus infections can be deadly but is is very rare in the west."
Collier family trapped in theater after watching horror movie
NAPLES, Fla. Imagine walking out of a movie with a plot centered around being held captive, then being trapped inside the theater.
Angela Marlow, her husband and her son Tuesday morning around 1 a.m. The family was leaving Hollywood 20 after seeing the horror movie Split when they realized they couldn't open the door.
“We walked out all the lights were off, there was no one around and all the doors were locked,” she said.
When the family realized their efforts were futile, they dialed 911.
Shortly before help arrived, they were finally able to shove open the door, still shaken by what happened.
“What if we got trapped and we needed to bust something out? They would think we were trying to bust in…there's no one here to defend our story,” Angela Marlow said.
Employees working that shift said they didn't hear the Marlows.
WINK News contacted the Regal Corporate Office, who said they're looking into the incident and will follow up when they know more.
Reporter: Olivia Mancino
OliviaWINKNews
Writer: Sabrina Lolo
winknews
The news conference ended just after 12:30 p.m. EDT. The story will be updated with new details shortly.
______
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is set to reveal his plan to improve school safety in the aftermath of the deadly shooting at a high school near Houston this month.
Abbott will unveil the plan Wednesday morning at a news conference at Dallas school district headquarters. Last week — just days after the shooting at Santa Fe High School that killed 10 — Abbott held meetings in Austin with a variety of people to help come up with a plan.
Included in the talks were officials from school districts, gun-rights advocates, gun control groups and survivors of shootings.
The Republican governor has been a staunch supporter of gun rights, and there has been little mention of any new weapons restrictions in Texas.
Lady Gaga shared the first image on Monday from her film remake of A Star is Born, also starring and directed by Bradley Cooper.
The classic Hollywood tale of two stars colliding, one whose career is on the upswing and the other's waning, has been made three times previously, most recently in 1976 starring Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson.
Lady Gaga, who will be billed under her real name, Stefani Germanotta, wrote beside the image of herself and Bradley on Instagram: “I am so excited to star in my first movie alongside someone I'm so lucky to call my friend. I always wanted to be an actress on the big screen.”
She added, “The story of ‘A Star is Born' is so special and I'm so grateful to Bradley for making my dream come true.” She signed off by saying: “Can't wait for you to meet Ally. She has her first scene in 5...”
The film marks Cooper's directorial debut and, in addition, he is co-producing the project and co-writing it. He will also play country music legend Jackson Maine who is struggling to keep his career on track. Lady Gaga is a hopeful singer Ally who Jackson not only takes under his wing but also becomes romantically involved with.
Fans in Indio, California for last weekend's Coachella music festival kickoff - at which Lady Gaga was one of the headliners - received an added bonus when they were offered $10 tickets to feature as extras in scenes being filmed at the site for the new film. All proceeds from the sales will go to Lady Gaga's Born This Way Foundation.
A Star is Born is due for release next September.
WILLIAMSON: Died on Sunday, April 16, 2017 at the age of 75. Alfred was born on August 23, 1941 in Keene, NY the son of Eli and Sarah Platt Gelina. He and the former Gail DeVoogt were married on October 20, 1962 in Williamson. Alfred had worked as a parts manager at Bethany R.V. in Webster and McQueen's in Wolcott. He had also been the owner of Al's Gulf Station in Williamson for several years. He found pleasure in fishing, woodworking and gardening. Al is survived by his wife Gail; daughters Kim Gelina, Sarah Grace, Melissa Vanderlinde and Nicole Gelina; son Gary Gelina; sister Catherine Hall; brothers Paul and Edward Gelina;10 grandchildren including his special grandson Donovan Bruini and 8 great-grandchildren. He was predeceased by his parents; sister Shulie Tyler and brother Archie Gelina.
Family and friends are invited to call from 5-8pm on Friday, April 21 at the Young Funeral Home, Williamson, NY. A memorial service will be held at 10am on Saturday, April 22 at the Williamson United Methodist Church. In lieu of flowers please consider memorials to Hospice of Wayne and Seneca Counties, 3111 Winton Road South, Rochester, NY 14623-2905.
Online condolences @ youngfuneralhomeny.com
Here s looking at you 2016 & waiting for u 2017 !!! As we usher in a new year there's a lot that's on my mind...I've had a pretty decent 2016 where my work is concerned I am grateful to be part of such an amazing profession that allows me to meet new people travel to amazing places in India and across the world. Between Khatron ke Khiladi and Ki and Ka my first half was different and yet liked and appreciated my all of u, thank u for that...the last 6 months I have spent on a film that will always be close to me because of the difficult circumstances the team and I faced during the making...more so for me because I lost my Naani as I began shooting and it was her last wish that I work my bloody ass of for this film because she read the book 5 times and believed it would make for a good film...Halfgirlfriend has been an enriching and fulfilling experience for me...I end the year with Mubarkan and start the year shooting for it with my Jhakaas Chachu and everyone s favourite Anil Kapoor it's going to be a moment that will make me feel life has come a full circle...5 years of toiling and hard work has made me earn the chance to stand in front of the camera with the man I have wanted to emulate when I grew up...so ya I have seen a lot of posts of people not 2 happy about 2016 but I am grateful for it and excited for 2017 !!! Hope to continue entertaining all of u thru my work and yes to my friends in the media I respect the tough job u guys have and I believe u all do it as well as possible, hopefully 2017 will be about being even more sensible, sensitive and our professional life being more relevant than our personal lives. To all the people who have supported me appreciated my work wished me well and to all the fans out there I continue to work for all of u and yes I read every tweet and check every insta post u guys inspire me when I am down thank u...Lastly my friends & family who support me silently and have helped me be the person that I am all of u a big smile and hug since all of u complain I don't smile enough and show enough affection...wish all my friends and my enemies, all my admirers and haters an amazing 2017 !!! Big love and now I'm outta here - AK
Image: Instagram.com/arjunkapoor
Related Coverage Hard to believe: Some consumers find free health insurance
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration came into office looking to dismantle Barack Obama's health care law, but the Affordable Care Act survived. Now the administration is on the hook to deliver a smooth ending to sign-up season, with a crush of customers expected this week.
For millions of eligible consumers time runs out on Friday.
Dec. 15 is the last day for procrastinators to enroll in subsidized private coverage in 39 states served by the federal HealthCare.gov website. Consumer interest has remained brisk, even as the Trump administration cut the sign-up season in half, reducing it from roughly from 90 days to 45 days.
“It's more likely than ever that they're going to run into real volume problems in the last week because that's when everybody is going to show up,” said Tim Jost, a legal analyst who closely follows the workings of the ACA.
Heavy traffic could slow the website, and lead to long hold times at the federal call center. For the vast majority, this is the last opportunity to secure coverage for 2018, or switch from an existing plan. One exception: People living in hurricane-affected areas can get an extension to sign up by Dec. 31 by contacting the HealthCare.gov call center. That could make a difference in states such as Texas and Florida.
Enrollment fluctuates in the course of the year, but it's estimated that 9 million to 10 million people currently have coverage through the ACA's marketplaces. The markets cater to people who don't have access to a job-based plan, and participation is expected to dip somewhat next year.
In a twist, many people eligible for financial help may actually be able to pay lower premiums in 2018. Although list price premiums for the most popular plans went up sharply, so did taxpayer-provided subsidies that limit how much individuals actually have to pay. In many communities, bare-bones “bronze” plans are available for no monthly premium to those eligible for subsidies.
Sign-up season has been free of problems up to now, insurers say. Scheduled early Sunday maintenance shutdowns have not been a disruption.
Nonetheless, administration officials at the Health and Human Services department are saying little about their contingency plans for the final week. That's a contrast from the Obama years.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which also administers the ACA, did say that the deadline hour will remain the same this year — midnight Pacific time. That means consumers on the East Coast will have until 3 a.m. on Saturday morning to enroll.
Although the Trump administration slashed the advertising budget, HealthCare.gov has been sending out targeted emails to people potentially eligible. Examples:
“Don't forget: Friday, December 15 is the last day to pick a 2018 Marketplace plan.”
“FINAL DEADLINE: Enroll in a 2018 health plan before December 15 or risk going without Marketplace coverage.”
“Come back to HealthCare.gov to select a plan before the final deadline or risk missing out on 2018 Marketplace coverage.”
During the Obama years, officials allowed a grace period for consumers who started an application before the final deadline, but were unable to finish. It's unclear if the Trump administration will allow such extensions, or whether it will strictly enforce the deadline hour. Previous extensions allowed hundreds of thousands of consumers to enroll.
Failure to provide extensions this year would be a mistake, said Andy Slavitt, who oversaw HealthCare.gov under Obama.
“It really would not be fair to people, particularly if there are technology challenges with the last minute surge as there have been every year,” Slavitt said.
While Dec. 15 is the deadline for states served by HealthCare.gov, that's not the case in all parts of the country. Most states that run their own health insurance websites are providing an extended period for consumers to enroll. In California and New York, for instance, the deadline remains the same as last year — Jan. 31. Other states have deadlines spanning from late December to mid-January.
Economist Joe Antos of the business-oriented American Enterprise Institute said the Trump administration has to get it right. Otherwise, it reinforces the Democrats' charge that Trump is bent on sabotaging the health law.
“Everything that goes wrong will be attributed to White House malevolence,” said Antos. “Donald Trump should not be tweeting negative statements this week. If he were to tweet at all, I would suggest: ‘Be sure to check your plan.'”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Youngstown State vs. Cleveland State
February 2nd, 2018
Beeghly Natatorium, Youngstown, Ohio
Full Meet Results
Scores
Women:
Youngstown State – 167
Cleveland State – 129
Press Release Courtesy Youngstown State:
The Youngstown State swimming and diving team closed out its dual season with a strong performance against Cleveland State on Friday night at the Beeghly Natatorium. The Penguins won the dual 167-129.
The Penguins won both relays, both diving events and seven swimming contests on the way to finishing the year with a 7-6 dual mark under first-year Head Coach Ryan Purdy.
The Guins opened the night winning the 200-yard medley relay to build momentum for a strong meet. YSU claimed first by 0.04 seconds winning with a time of 1:48.87.
Aida Jurinovics picked up her first victory of the dual in the 1,000-yard freestyle with a time of 10:29.89. She finished first by 12-and-a-half seconds in the race.
Zsani Csado gave the Guins another win in a narrow victory in the 200-yard freestyle. Csado swam a time of 1:55.60 to take first by 0.24 seconds in the event.
Taylor Bishop, who swam the 1,000-yard free earlier in the night, picked up a win in the short 50-yard freestyle with a time of 24.73 seconds. In the short race she won by a modest 0.30 seconds.
Tiphanie Saint-Gilles earned a win by more than three seconds in the 200-yard breaststroke. Saint-Gilles posted a winning time of 2:22.50 in the 200.
Bishop picked up her second victory of the meet placing first in the 500 free with a time of 5:12.99. She won the event by nearly three seconds.
Jurinovics followed with a pair of wins to give her three for the evening. She won the 100-yard butterfly with a time of 57.92 seconds and the 200-yard IM clocking a 2:08.31.
“I couldn't think of a better way to send off the senior class,” Purdy said. “I would like to thank all of them for a great season. Cleveland State is a program that we are going to see in a few weeks at the conference meet, and this was a great test for our team. Our athletes are doing an incredible job. We are prepared to have a great Horizon League meet, and I am excited about the potential of the YSU program moving forward.”
In the diving events, McKenzie Stelter won the one-meter with a score of 255.10 while Bethany Glick took first in the three-meter dive with a score of 287.40. Stelter was second in the three-meter and Glick was second in the one-meter.
YSU capped off the meet with a win in the 200-yard freestyle swimming a time of 1:38.76 to win by more than a second.
The YSU divers will be in action on Saturday when they play host to the YSU Diving Invitational at 1 p.m. The contest will be the final event at the facility before it undergoes a multi-million-dollar renovation beginning in March.
The Horizon League Championships are Feb. 21-24 at Cleveland State.
Press Release Courtesy Cleveland State:
CLEVELAND, Ohio – Sophomore DJ Arslanian of the Cleveland State University men's swimming & diving team was named Horizon League Men's Swimmer of the Week as announced by the League office Tuesday afternoon.
It is the second such honor of the season for Arslanian.
Arslanian won both individual events he entered in Cleveland State's dual at defending League champion Oakland this past weekend and also had top-notch performances on a pair of relays.
Arslanian swept the butterfly events against the Golden Grizzlies. He began by winning the 200 fly by nearly 1.5 seconds, finishing first in 1:52.03. He then held off a late charge by his Oakland foe in the 100 fly to win in 49.61 seconds. In the 200 medley relay, Arslanian posted the fastest split on the third leg (21.83) in the relay. Arslanian closed the day by anchoring CSU's 400 free relay, where he posted a split of 44.50 seconds. His split tied for the fastest leg swam by any of the 32 competitors that contested that relay.
Arslanian is among the top eight fastest times in four individual events in the League this season: the 50 and 100 freestyle and the 100 and 200 butterfly.
The CSU men have won four swimmers of the week honors from the League this season, a League high. CSU has seven weekly HL awards when combining swimming & diving honors.
The CSU men will resume action on the second weekend of February at the Ohio State Winter Invitational.
SPRINGFIELD — The Illinois State Board of Education on Monday announced the eligibility guidelines for students to receive free and reduced-price lunch, breakfast, and after-school snacks through the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program.
The policy took effect at the start of the 2018 fiscal year on July 1. The U.S. Department of Agriculture sets the policy for each fiscal year to reflect any changes in the federal poverty guidelines.
The meal programs are funded by USDA and administered by ISBE. Free and reduced-price meals ensure access to nutritious meals and snacks for families unable to pay the full price.
“Healthy students are better learners,” State Superintendent of Education Tony Smith said. “Many of our students count on these nutritious meals to fuel them to reach their full potential. Our vision for schools is that they support students' cognitive growth, social and emotional development, and physical well-being. ISBE is very proud to administer school nutrition programs in Illinois.”
This chart lists the household size and income criteria that determine students' eligibility to receive free and reduced-price meals.
USDA provided the following information for families and guardians seeking free or reduced-price meals for students:
Children from households that meet federal guidelines are eligible for free or reduced-price meal services. Complete one application per household for all children that attend the same school district.
All meals served must meet the U. S. Department of Agriculture meal requirements. However, if a child has been determined by a doctor to have a disability and the disability would prevent the child from eating the regular school meal, this school will make substitutions prescribed by the doctor. If a substitution is needed, there will be no extra charge for the meal. If you believe your child needs substitutions because of a disability, contact the school for more information.
Application forms are being sent to all homes with a letter to parents or guardians. To apply for free or reduced-price meal services, households must complete the application as soon as possible, sign it, and return it to the school. Additional copies of the application form are available in the principal's office in each school. Households should answer all applicable questions on the form. An application which does not contain all the required information cannot be processed and approved by the school. Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) participants may be eligible for free and reduced-price meals and are encouraged to complete an application for meal benefits.
The required information is as follows:
SNAP/TANF HOUSEHOLDS: If the school provided you a letter that stated your children is eligible for free meals via the direct certification process, you do not have to complete this application to receive free meal benefits. Households that currently receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) for their children, only have to list the children's name and at least one SNAP or TANF case number and sign the application. If at least one SNAP/TANF case number is provided for any household member, then all children listed on the application are categorically eligible for free meals. Applications listing LINK card numbers cannot be used for free or reduced-price meals.
ALL OTHER HOUSEHOLDS: If a household's income is at or below the level shown on the income scale, children are eligible for either free or reduced-price meal services. Households must provide the following information: (1) the names of all household members; (2) the last four digits of the Social Security number of the adult household member signing the application, or indicate if the adult does not have a Social Security number; (3) the amount of income each household member received last month, how frequently it is paid, and where it came from (wages, child support, etc.); and (4) the signature of an adult household member.
The information on the application may be checked by school or other officials at any time during the school year.
Households may apply for benefits at any time during the school year. Households that are not eligible now but have a decrease in household income, an increase in household size, or a household member becomes unemployed, should fill out an application at that time.
Homeless, migrant, runaway youths, Head Start and foster care children, are categorically eligible for free meals. Please follow instructions and return form to school.
Households that do not agree with the ruling of the official may wish to discuss it with the school. Households also have the right to a fair hearing.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
At least 11 PKK terrorists were killed in counterterror operations in northern Iraq and rural regions of Turkey's southeastern Şırnak province, the Turkish General Staff said Wednesday.
On Twitter, the military said fighter jets had conducted airstrikes on July 3-4 in northern Iraq's Qandil, Zap-Avashin Basyan, and Gara regions as well as in rural areas of Şırnak, which borders both Syria and Iraq.
Shelters, weapon emplacements, and ammunition depots were also destroyed in the airstrikes, the statement added.
Turkish officials have recently suggested that the Mount Qandil region -- where the terrorist group has its headquarters -- may be the target of a future operation.
In its more than 30-year terror campaign against Turkey, the PKK -- listed as a terrorist organization by Turkey, the U.S. and the EU -- has been responsible for the death of some 40,000 people, including women and children.
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) Chief Minister Pervez Khattak Monday said he had no reservations on western route of China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and the citizens agree to take Pakistan towards progress and development under this project.
“The entire Pakistan is unanimous on CPEC project to take the country forward and even we have got an additional route from Gilgit to Chitral which has been approved in 6th JCC meeting held here in December 2016,” he said, while talking to media on the sidelines of the road show held here to muster the Chinese investment in the province.
Khattak said he had good understanding with the federal government on CPEC, adding, “We have included leader of opposition in KP Assembly in the delegation to create more consensus.”
Commenting on One Belt Initiative, he said, it was a good initiative announced by Chinese President Xi Jinping which would be beneficial for not only China and Pakistan but other regions as well.
“We have offered Chinese businessmen to invest in mines, minerals, tourism and information technology sectors,” he explained.
He expressed the confidence that Peshawar would soon become center of CPEC as the city is connected with Afghanistan, Russia, central Asia and Iran and it would become industrial hub providing the shortest route to Gwadar Port.
Responding to a question about security arrangements for the foreign investors, he assured guarantee for the security and informed that a special force had been set up by the provincial government in this regard.
He said there is a misconception about security in Pakistan. The entire world is facing menace of terrorism but in Pakistan, law and order situation is improving fast and it is going to become a peaceful country soon, he concluded.
Many Finns remain somewhat uncomfortable with Islam, suggests a survey conducted by the Pew Research Center. Almost two-thirds (62%) of Finns revealed they believe Islam is fundamentally incompatible with the culture and values in Finland. Over a quarter (28%), meanwhile, indicated that they would not accept a Muslim as a family member and 14 per cent that they would not accept a Muslim as a neighbour.
Similar, albeit less pronounced, negative attitudes persist toward Jews. Over a tenth (13%) of Finns answered ‘no' when asked if they would accept one as a family member and five per cent ‘no' when asked if they would accept one as a neighbour.
The Pew Research Center, a non-partisan fact tank based in Washington DC, the United States, published a 168-page report on the results of its survey on public views and attitudes in 15 countries across Western Europe on Tuesday, 29 May. A total of 24,599 randomly selected adults responded to the survey between April and August 2017.
Finns, the survey found, have one of the harshest attitudes towards Islam and Muslims.
Finland and Italy are the only two countries where over a half of respondents – 62 per cent in the former and 53 per cent in the latter – view that there is a fundamental contradiction between Islam and the national culture and values. In France, Portugal and Sweden, only roughly a third of respondents were of that opinion.
The primary focus of the survey was on Christianity.
“Most Christians in Western Europe today are non-practising, but Christian identity still remains a meaningful religious, social and cultural marker,” the Pew Research Center writes in its summary of the key findings.
Christianity, thereby, has an impact on public opinions on issues such as immigration, nationalism and other religions. Both church-going and non-practising Christians, for example, are generally more likely than their religiously non-affiliated compatriots to be in favour of reducing immigration and have reservations about immigrants from Africa and the Middle East.
“There are, however, exceptions to this general pattern,” adds the Pew Research Centre. “In Finland, for example, just one-in-five church-going Christians favour reducing immigration (19%), compared to larger shares among religiously unaffiliated adults (33%) and non-practising Christians (37%).”
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Roni Lehti – Lehtikuva
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairman Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While he did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairwoman of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
If the government does not come up with a better explanation within 90 days, he said, the administration's order to rescind DACA will be vacated and the Department of Homeland Security "must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications."
SYDNEY/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - France's Unibail-Rodamco has agreed to buy shopping mall owner Westfield Corp for $15.7 billion, in what would be the biggest takeover of an Australian company on record.
FILE PHOTO: People rest in Westfield San Francisco Centre during Black Friday in San Francisco, California November 29, 2013. REUTERS/Stephen Lam/File Photo
The deal accelerates consolidation of the global retail property sector as it grapples with challenges from online retailers led by Amazon.com Inc. It comes on the heels of world No. 2 retail real estate investment trust GGP Inc's rejection of a $14.8 billion offer from Brookfield Property for the two-thirds it did not already own.
Westfield, which owns and operates 35 shopping centres in the United States and United Kingdom valued at $32 billion, said the transaction was “highly compelling” for Westfield and Unibail-Rodamco's shareholders.
“Unibail-Rodamco's track record makes it the natural home for the legacy of Westfield's brand and business,” Westfield Chairman and co-founder Frank Lowy said in a statement.
Unibail-Rodamco said Westfield shareholders would receive a combination of cash and shares, valuing Westfield at $7.55, or A$10.01 a share, an 18 percent premium to Westfield's last trade.
Including debt, the deal would be worth $24.7 billion.
Unibail-Rodamco said the deal would create a global property leader with $72 billion of gross market value in 27 retail markets. It will rebadge its malls with the red Westfield logo.
RETAIL REINVENTION
Shopping centre owners around the world are scrambling to reinvent themselves to keep up with rapid changes in consumer behaviour and boost earnings.
The expansion of e-commerce giant Amazon.com has coincided with an explosion in online purchases of physical goods, while consumers increasingly treat malls as places for socialising.
Once dominant United States department store operators such as Macy's Inc and J C Penney Co Inc have announced plans to shut hundreds of stores in recent years, putting pressure on landlords to find new “anchor tenants” or come up with new ways to grow returns.
Westfield has been seen as a pioneer in U.S. mall redevelopment, melding traditional mall retailers with atypical mall fixtures like upscale food courts, high-end restaurants, bars, cinemas and boutique fashion outlets.
“Westfield has got assets in the UK and in the U.S. that are all in mature Amazon markets. They're already 50 percent through that online retail switch,” said Morningstar analyst Tony Sherlock.
Chairman Lowy, a holocaust survivor-turned-knighted property billionaire, will retire from the company he co-founded in 1960, and his sons Steven and Peter, will retire from their positions as co-chief executives.
“This is obviously a day of mixed emotions for me although I am 100 percent comfortable with our decision,” Frank Lowy told reporters in Sydney via video conference from London. He said talks to seal a deal had taken just six weeks.
“VERY GOOD PRICE”
Lowy said it made sense to sell now because it was a “very good price” for shareholders, but acknowledged that the sale partly reflected the global trend of consolidation and the pressures on retailers.
“It seems like a good strategic rationale, given the synergies, and it will create the leading mall operator globally,” said Sydney-based CLSA analyst Sholto Maconochie.
“With a A$10 handle in front, the offer doesn't look bad,” he said, adding that he was still evaluating the deal.
The offer price closed the gap between the underlying value of the company and its share price, Peter Lowy said.
The Lowys said they also chose to sell as they would rather be investors than executives now, after putting in a combined 145 years at the company.
Westfield's flagship malls include Westfield London, where it is working on a 600,000 pound ($800,000) expansion, and Century City in Los Angeles, where it is completing a $1 billion overhaul.
It also has stakes in 18 suburban U.S. shopping centres, three of which it wholly owns.
Shares in Westfield were halted earlier on Tuesday pending the announcement, having last traded at A$8.50.
Enter to win an Epson Ecotank Printer!
Imagine, up to two years of totally cartridge-free printing.
Epson's EcoTank 4550 multi-function printer comes with enough ink in the box to print for up to two years, that's up to 8,000 pages, totally cartridge free.
EcoTank has a revolutionary, refillable “Supertank”.
The Charleston Board of Architectural Review unanimously granted final approval of the Beach Company's application for The Jasper property.
The site is an empty high-rise on the peninsula.
The approved plan includes residential space, offices, enclosed parking and retail spaces.
"Since day one, The Beach Company has remained steadfast in its commitment to stand up for the rights of property owners while creating a world-class building for this site,” said John Darby, CEO of The Beach Company. “We applaud the City of Charleston for the important work they're doing and progress they've made to improve the BAR's 1931 ordinances.”
Since 2006, The Beach Company has presented more than five plans to the City of Charleston and held dozens of public meetings to discuss the site's future.
The demolition and construction of the Jasper will be a three-year project once building permits for the plan are secured.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) -
Wednesday, May 30, 2018 at 2:23 pm |
Afghan security personnel arrive at the site of the deadly attack on the interior ministry, in Kabul, Wednesday. (AP Photo/Rahmat Gul)
Islamic State terrorists, including two suicide bombers, dressed in military uniforms and riding in two armored vehicles, launched a surprise attack on the Interior Ministry in Kabul on Wednesday, but Afghan forces managed to repel the assault, leaving all the attackers dead.
It was a rare victory for Afghan security forces, who have struggled to secure the capital in recent months amid relentless attacks by the Taliban and the IS affiliate in Afghanistan.
According to the ministry spokesman, Najib Danish, one policeman was killed and five were wounded in the assault.
The attack began around noon when a group of 10 terrorists tried to storm the ministry compound in Kabul, Danish said.
Two of the attackers detonated their explosives, allowing eight others to pass through an outer gate at the ministry where they traded fire with security forces before they were eventually killed.
Danish said the “attackers were dressed in military uniforms” — apparently seeking to confuse Afghan security forces guarding the ministry.
Hours after the attack, the Islamic State terrorist group claimed responsibility for the assault in a brief statement carried by its Aamaq news agency. The statement called it an “immersion attack” on the ministry in Kabul.
An eyewitness at the scene, Mohammad Safi, said an explosion first went off and then bullets started flying near where he was standing with a group of people on the road.
“We ran to escape to the other side of the road,” said Safi.
Like Danish, Safi also said the attackers wore military uniforms but could not provide more details. Video footage from the scene showed that the assailants wore what appeared to be imitations of U.S. military uniforms.
It wasn't immediately clear how the terrorists managed to penetrate so close to such a high-security location. Last year, the Interior Ministry moved into a new building, surrounded by numerous security barriers and close to the Kabul international airport and several military compounds.
Later Wednesday, the American commander of U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan cast doubt the attack was the work of IS, saying instead there are indications the Taliban-allied Haqqani network was behind it.
Gen. John Nicholson, speaking to reporters at the Pentagon from his Kabul office, said U.S. forces “believe it was a Taliban-Haqqani attack, but we're still developing that information.”
The tactics used in the attack “track with” the tactics that the Haqqani faction has used in the past, he said and added: “We at this time do not believe it was an ISIS attack.” ISIS is an alternative acronym for IS.
The Taliban and the Afghan IS affiliate have both carried out scores of attacks, mainly targeting security forces and the country's Shiite minority, that have killed hundreds of people in recent years.
Both terrorist groups seek to establish strict Islamic rule in the country. Their relentless assaults underscore the struggles that Afghan forces have faced since the United States and NATO concluded their combat mission in Afghanistan at the end of 2014.
Elsewhere in Afghanistan, the Taliban attacked a district headquarters in the northern Takhar province, killing five security forces, according to provincial police spokesman Khalil Asir. He said another three people were wounded in the battle Wednesday. He said 10 insurgents were killed.
In the eastern Logar province, Taliban suicide bombers attacked a police station, killing at least three policemen. Among the dead were the commander of the police station and the deputy director of traffic police for Puli Alim, the provincial capital, said Khalid Safi, a spokesman for the governor.
Another four policemen and eight civilians, including two children, were wounded in the Logar attack early Wednesday, said Shah Poor Ahmadzai, spokesman for the provincial police chief.
He said the attackers set off a suicide car bomb at the entrance to the station before three suicide bombers tried to enter. He said all three were shot and killed by security forces within minutes of the initial attack, adding that a number of nearby homes were damaged.
The Taliban claimed the attacks in both provinces.
In the southern city of Kandahar, a roadside bomb killed three people and wounded another 13, said Daud Ahmadi, spokesman for the Kandahar provincial governor. He said the victims included mechanics who had been contracted to repair Afghan army vehicles. No one immediately claimed the attack.
Lorde was plagued by bad weather when she took the stages at Lollapalooza and Osheaga earlier this month. Fortunately, she had better luck at San Francisco's Outside Lands over the weekend. During her performance, the Kiwi pop singer brought out Melodrama co-producer Jack Antonoff to perform a cover of Paul Simon's “Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard”.
Much like her Osheaga performance of Martha Wainwright's “Bloody Mother Fucking Asshole”, the black-outfitted Lorde played the cover halfway through her 14-song set. The full denim clad Bleachers frontman accompanied her on acoustic guitar as the duo sat on the front of the stage. Check out video of the performance above.
Prior to the performance, the pair engaged in some good natured ribbing. Lorde quipped, “Your old bones going to be comfortable sitting on my stage?” In response, Antoff retorted, “Ella looks so great today, but shows up in the studio with so many sweat outfits… like sweat shorts, and… walking around New York City barefoot. That's a fucking fact.”
The San Francisco crowd also witnessed the live debut of the Melodrama cut “Hard Feelings”. Watch fan-shot footage of that below.
Setlist:
Tennis Court
Magnets
Hard Feelings (Live debut)
Buzzcut Season
Homemade Dynamite
Ribs
Sober
Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard (Paul Simon cover w/ Jack Antonoff)
Liability
Supercut
Royals
Perfect Places
Team
Green Light
Lorde is currently finishing out a string of festival appearances before trekking across Europe and closing out the year in Australia and her native New Zealand. Next March, she'll embark on a North American arena tour. Find the full itinerary here.
TheaterWorks, Hartford: Playwright Jacques Lamarre must have an appetite for memoirs featuring food. Several years ago his play “I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti” was his adaptation of a memoir of the same name and played the theater circuit for a good run. It featured a woman cooking a meal on stage and serving it to several audience members. Now he has adapted Chef Rossi's memoir, “Raging Skillet.” Rossi is the owner and executive chef of “The Raging Skillet,” a well known catering company that prides itself in unique and tasty offerings. This play is based on Rossi's book and also features a woman cooking on stage. The difference is the ethnicity of the cooks. In “Spaghetti,” the main character is Italian Catholic woman looking for a husband and in “Skillet,” the chef extraordinaire is a Jewish lesbian feminist.
There are two other characters in addition to the chef in the current production. The chef's dead Jewish mother comes back from the grave to witness her daughter's success and to criticize her daughter in a stereotypical Jewish mother guilt laying fashion. The chef's mom is also a hound for coupons and a lousy cook. The awful food was the motivation for her rebellious daughter to learn how to cook. Rossi's first big hit was a Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole.
Throughout the performance, the chef talks about some of the dishes she has made that led to her success. For instance, she describes her Snickers and Potato Chip Casserole, which she recreates on stage. “Once you mix, then scrape the goop into your buttered pan and smush till it's all in.” She demonstrates and when the batch is made, she has her sous-chef pass some samples around to the audience. The actress playing Rossi also creates mini tomato and mozzarella skewers and pulled and barbecued chicken on a Ritz cracker. These are passed around to some audience members.
As she narrates the horrible, but hilarious scenes from the story of her rise to fame, her mother keeps interrupting. Rossi talks back and seems rather cruel to her mother at times. Her hard edge gets softer at the end, when she flips through the pages of her mother's scrapbook and realizes what a special woman her mom really was.
The funniest parts of the show are when Rossi tells of her job as a day bartender; as an assistant to a chef where she had to dip 3,000 strawberries into chocolate, and finally as her own boss she caters an event celebrating the play “The Vagina Monologues.” Her vivid descriptions of her creations for this event could make a sailor blush.
By the way, large projections of chapter titles in Rossi's books flank the stage and a large display of her books are on the edge of the stage and for sale immediately after the play. Throughout the show, you'll hear loud pulsating rock music blasting through the theater. The music makes the show more exciting and emphasizes what a cool and rebellious young woman this chef was.
As for the language of the play, in every playbill, you will find “A Goy's Glossary” of Jewish terms. And, if you thought you knew all the swear words that could be uttered, see this play and you might learn some new ones. In other words, this is a warning. If you object to foul language cross this show off your list.
Directed by John Simpkins, the cast performs well. Dana Smith-Croll plays Rossi and is definitely a sassy “b..ch.” Marilyn Sokol plays the stereotypical Jewish mom, and George Salazar plays DJ Skillit – assistant and sous-chef.
The effective and functional set designer is Michael Schweikardt. Blair Gulledge designed costumes, with John Lasiter and Julian Evans designers of lighting and sound respectively.
Knowing the fun-loving and witty playwright, I can honestly say that this is not his best work.
The play runs through Aug. 27. Box office: 860-527-7838.
SAN DIEGO (AP)  The sister of an unarmed man killed by police in a San Diego suburb has filed a lawsuit claiming she suffered "serious emotional distress" from witnessing the shooting.
The Union-Tribune newspaper reported Monday (http://bit.ly/2lGkiSt) that Lucy Olango's suit accuses the El Cajon Police Department and Officer Richard Gonsalves of negligence.
Prosecutors have said the shooting by Gonsalves of her brother, Alfred Olango, was justified. Authorities say Olango pointed an e-cigarette device at the officer that could have been mistaken for a gun.
The police department declined comment on the lawsuit.
Advertisement
The September shooting led to days of protests. His family said Olango, a native of Uganda, had a breakdown after the death of a close friend. They have filed an excessive-force lawsuit.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
We offer shirts on Spreadshirt and Amazon. The difference is Spreadshirt has more color options and sells to countries outside the US while Amazon will allow for free shipping and only US.
Why has the school gate became a parking war zone?
STUFF Shelly Park Primary School principal Brian Rolfe says sending incriminating parking photos to police is a way to tackle ongoing parking wars.
Parents' concern for safety and the road rules seem to fly out the window at school rush hours.
Mayhem erupts, with parents double-parking and blocking driveways, occasionally screaming at each other, and kids often running willy-nilly across the road.
Teachers at Auckland's Shelly Park Primary School have started posting incriminating photos of bad driving in the school newsletter and sending them to the police. Principal Brian Rolfe said children were put at risk by drivers who "regularly ignored" the road rules.
When did the school gate become a parking war zone?
READ MORE:
* Parents and staff take photos of illegal parking outside schools
* Parents fined at the school gates
* School parking squeeze frustrates parents
﻿Christchurch woman Kirsty Quested said she completely avoided driving near the schools in her area during the 8am-9am and 2.30pm-3.30pm rush hours because "it's too stressful".
Quested lives near Cotswold School, in Bishopdale. At pick-up or drop-off time, it was "impossible" to get to the other end of the street.
"Sometimes a car will just park without actually being in a park, open a door, and a kid comes flying out."
JOHN KIRK-ANDERSON/STUFF Police monitor traffic outside s school in 2016. (file photo)
Close calls outside the school contributed to her reticence to driving near the school at pick-up or drop-off times. She once had to swerve at the last minute because a child hopped out of a car in the middle of the road - not on the footpath side.
"You wind up feeling quite shaky, because if you hit a child, even if it's not your own fault, you'll never get over it."
She said the main problem was that parents all wanted to drop their kids off right outside the entrance.
"Why can't they park a little bit further away and have a bit of a stroll? I can't understand why they feel this need to pile on top of each other."
Seeing parents screaming at each other and disagreeing about parking was not uncommon, she said.
Another Christchurch woman, who asked to remain anonymous, agreed.
She lived opposite St Peter's School, and often saw parents yelling at each other. In fact, she was confronted at her front door just a few days ago after tooting at a parent who had been blocking her driveway.
The driver did a U-turn, parked, and rang the doorbell to justify why she had been in the driveway.
"The cheek of it, to actually come and ring the doorbell and then try to justify why you were stopped. She told me, 'I wasn't parked, I was turning'."
Some parents felt "entitled" to block driveways while picking their kids up, she said.
SUPPLIED Facing the wrong way parked in the bus stop. Photos such as this are regularly sent in to Shelly Park Primary School principal Brian Rolfe, who sends them on to Counties Manukau East Police.
"It's all about, 'I'm in a hurry, I've got to pick my kid up.' They've got tunnel vision. There's a complete lack of consideration for other people and safety."
In the South Auckland suburb of Papakura, Bronwyn Hyder said it was only a matter of time before a child got skittled outside Cosgrove Primary School.
The back of the school exited on to Yang Place, a narrow cul-de-sac that at its turning point, was painted in broken yellow lines.
Regardless, parents insisted on parking there.
She said two men often monitored the turning bay, politely asking drivers to move on.
They had both been assaulted, verbally abused by parents, and had parents flip "the birdie" at them.
Hyder, who has a disability, often picked up her grandson from school. She asked, if she can park and walk, why can't everyone else?
In Levin, Ray Scott spent about a year as Levin North School's unofficial traffic warden.
"I gave up because what was the point in me trying to educate these parents who wouldn't listen?"
He saw "heaps of near-misses", and had been abused by parents who were always "making out they were in a rush".
"It was chaos, and a lot of it was because of the parents. They would be calling their kids across the road instead of the kids crossing at the zebra crossing. Kids were running willy-nilly across the road."
Children were being put in danger every day, he said, but the parents always had excuses, like getting back to work or making an appointment.
"I just don't think any of that, being five minutes late for something, is worth a child's life," Scott said.
He handed out road safety leaflets to parents who parked dangerously.
"They would just shrug their shoulders and ignore me. If I saw them do it again, I would take photographs and send them straight to the police."
AND WHAT DO THE POLICE DO?
A police spokeswoman said police often responded to specific complaints from schools about driver behaviours.
"Issues that we have encountered previously include parents parking dangerously, especially in wet weather, excessive speed around schools and students not using crossings," she said.
It was important for all road users to be vigilant while driving around schools, she said.
"Children are highly unpredictable and can be easily distracted.
"Children make mistakes, but they don't deserve to pay for them with their life. How you drive makes the difference," she said.
"We are concerned with driver behaviour and good practice around schools more so than traffic volumes."
POLICE TIPS FOR DRIVING NEAR SCHOOLS:
* Keep speed low and watch for children.
* Remember the speed limit when passing school buses is 20kmh.
* If you witness dangerous driving behaviour, ring 111.
- Stuff
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Global News at 5:30 on Global Toronto for Monday, December 11, 2017. Hosted by Alan Carter and Farah Nasser.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
File photo File photo
The Marquette Catholic Explorers were successful in the Prairie State Conference basketball season this winter.
The boys squad won the conference title at 5-0, while the girls shared the league title with Nokomis at 3-1.
The Explorers were honored for their success by having a total of nine players named to the all-Prairie State Conference basketball teams, more than any other school.
Isaiah Ervin, Sammy Green, Jacob Hall, Reagan Snider and Nick Hemann were the Explorers' representatives on the all-PSC boys basketball team. Ervin, Green, Hall and Snider earned first team honors, while Hemann was voted honorable mention.
Lauren Fischer, Peyton Kline, Lila Snider and Taylor Aguirre were the Marquette players on the all-conference girls basketball team. Fischer, Kline and Snider received first-team awards, while Aguirre was selected honorable mention.
The Metro East Lutheran Knights had five players – three boys, two girls – named all-conference. Damonte Bean (first team), Larry Harris (honorable mention) and Jason Williams (honorable mention) were the MELHS' representatives on the all-PSC boys basketball team. Ellen Schulte (first team) and Sami Kasting (honorable mention) received all-conference awards for girls basketball for the Knights.
Kayla Brantley was the only East Alton-Wood River athlete receiving all-conference honors as she was selected honorable mention in girls basketball.
Manish Malhotra will be closing the season with his collection ‘Tales of Indulgence'. Malhotra will be introducing bespoke menswear and cocktail dresses with this line. “I have wanted to work on suits for men for the last couple of years, and dresses for women, but I was waiting for the right positioning and the opportunity presented itself with this collection,” said Malhotra. While it's not confirmed if Kareena Kapoor Khan will be walking for the designer, Malhotra has promised showstoppers at the show.
Satna: Police in Satna district of Madhya Pradesh forced a nun and four girls on their way to Bhopal to get off a train, and detained them following a complaint that the girls were going to be converted.
A local magistrate's court later found that there was no substance in the complaint.
Sister Veena Joseph (50) of Carmelite Sisters of Saint Teresa Congregation, Bhopal, and the four girls were taken off Shipra Express at Satna station at around 11.30 am on Tuesday.
Workers of Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad had complained that Joseph was taking the girls to Bhopal from Jharkhand's Pakur district for religious conversion.
Following the complaint, district authorities rushed to the station. Tehsildar BK Mishra said he recorded their statements before handing them over to police. The police then took them to sub-divisional magistrate Balveer Raman's court.
The judge noted that the girls were from Christian families, and were going to Bhopal for studying there, so they should be allowed to go wherever they want, said inspector Sitaram Bakri of GRP.
However, one of the four girls was handed over to an NGO as she is a minor. She would be handed over to her family members who had been informed, inspector Bakri said.
After the SDM's court said that no case was made out, police set the nun and the other three girls free at around 11.30 pm on Tuesday. They had to spend the night with a local catholic organisation as there were no trains for Bhopal at that hour.
MP Isai Mahasangh spokesperson Richard James said the organisation's representatives would meet the MP Director General of Police on Wednesday.
"We will demand action against the people who literally tortured the nun and the girls," he added. "The incident proves that we can no longer move in groups in the state. A smear campaign is on to defame us for no reason," he said.
Investors are seemingly growing more excited about L.A. by the day. The newest sign comes via a $40 million fund that L.A.-based Fika Ventures is announcing today.
That's none too shabby for a venture firm that was founded just last year.
Fika was created by TX Zhuo, formerly a managing partner at Karlin Ventures, and Eva Ho, a former general partner and cofounder of San Francisco-based Susa Ventures who decided not to participate in that firm's second, $50 million seed-stage fund — a split that Ho characterizes as “highly amicable. I left because I wanted to focus more on L.A-based investments, as well as be part of a smaller partnership. (Ho had three other partners at Susa.)
The two met in 2011, when Zhuo left a job as an associate with a Palo Alto outfit and headed to L.A. to launch Karlin, which is an affiliate of a much larger investment firm called Karlin Asset Management. He and Ho wound up working on several local events together, as well as collaborating and co-leading several days; over time, they realized they had complementary networks and like investing in similar things.
Ho declines to take credit for any deals at Susa, saying it “applied a team-approach across all deals,” but she says she was involved in supporting companies that include Andela, a startup currently building a network of top tier computer science education programs across the African continent (it has gone on to raise $41 million to date, including from the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative); Modsy, a startup bringing virtual reality to home design (it has raised roughly $10 million, including from Norwest Venture Partners); and Flexport, a freight logistics company that wants to be the Uber of the oceans and has so far raised at least $94 million toward that end.
Zhou's most notable deals meanwhile include the interior design marketplace Laurel & Wolf (it has raised more than $25 million, including from Benchmark) and PolicyGenius, an online insurance platform that has raised roughly $21 million, including from Revolution.
Zhou and Ho says the fund took about six months to raise, including from some funds of funds, family offices, VCs, CEOs and founders — including 15 from their past portfolios. They also attracted institutional investors Cross Creek Advisors and Knollwood Investment Advisory.
Their pitch? That Ho and Zhou have already helped build seed funds from scratch, they already have relationships with later-stage VCs, and there aren't a whole lot of other seed funds in L.A. that are predominantly focused on enterprise, business-to-business software, and platform-based businesses. Those that invested liked their somewhat atypical backgrounds, says Ho. Those who passed don't typically back first time managers or deemed the fund too small for the size checks they need to write or weren't quite ready to make a bet on L.A.
Ho says Fika has already made three investments from its new fund, though can't disclose any of these startups yet.
For future reference, the firm will invest anywhere from $250,000 to $1 million in seed-stage companies, and it will be looking for between 5 and 10 percent ownership in the company in exchange. It expects that 80 percent of its deals will be based in L.A., with the rest in the Bay Area, New York, and Seattle.
Asked about the best advice Ho has received to date about starting a new fund, she tells us it's that “your greatest competition will be yourselves, not all the other funds.
“Most funds — and startups — die because of suicide, not because of exogenous factors. We've taken that advice to heart, and we're working hard to make sure we build the right culture and team dynamics to make this a durable and rewarding partnership.”
The couple used a victim's credit card in the Shorter area on April 23. (Source: CrimeStoppers)
Montgomery Police are searching for an unknown male and female couple linked to an investigation regarding credit card fraud. (Source: CrimeStoppers)
The Montgomery Police Department is searching for a man and woman linked to an investigation of credit card fraud.
According to CrimeStoppers, police are investigating the unlawful use of a victim's credit or debit card used in the Shorter area on April 23.
[CRIMESTOPPERS: Submit tips online here]
Anyone with information regarding this investigation should contact the Central Alabama CrimeStoppers through the anonymous 24-hour hotline at 215-STOP. Tips can also be submitted through CrimeStoppers' P3-tips app.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
Share:
ISLAMABAD - The Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry has shown great concerns over the rising circular debt of power sector which has reached Rs573 billion as it would give rise to loadshedding thus badly affecting the production activities.
The ICCI has called upon the government to take urgent measures to clear circular debt in order to save the economy from its damaging consequences, according to a press statement issued here.
Sheikh Amir Waheed, president, ICCI said that the circular debt had exceeded Rs500 billion in May 2013 and the current government after assuming power had cleared circular debt of Rs480 billion in July 2013 after which it was hoped that this issue would not rear its head again. However, contrary to the expectations, circular debt has again crossed Rs500 billion in May 2018 which showed that no concrete measures were taken to resolve this critical issue.
He said that Pakistan was producing about 9000 MW electricity through oil fuel while the receivables of PSO have increased to over Rs300 billion. He was afraid that if PSO's payments were not cleared, it would not be in a position to ensure oil supply due to which the oil-based electricity would disappear from the system creating serious power crisis in the country. "It would badly affect the production activities, exports, employment and growth in the country," he said.
He emphasized that the government should devise a comprehensive strategy to resolve all these issues in order to save the economy from further damages.
Muhammad Naveed Malik Senior Vice President and Nisar Mirza vice president, ICCI said that as per figures of Pakistan Electric Power Company, there were total 8631 feeders in the country majority of which were facing 10 percent losses while some feeders were facing 80 percent losses.
They stressed upon the government to develop a mechanism to control the distribution and transmission losses along with feeders' losses that would bring significant improvement in power supply situation enabling the business and industry to flourish in the country.
Start the countdown clock on a momentous two weeks for President Donald Trump and the GOP-run Congress
Comments
Below is the headline of a new science piece in the Guardian (click on screenshot to read it), reporting on a paper that was just published in Nature. I haven't read that paper, so I won't comment on it; rather, I'll comment on the science writing, which in this case is abysmal. It's sensationalistic, misleading, and, sadly, the scientists whose work is reported appear complicit in the sensationalism.
But what's a thylacine? It's a fascinating creature: a carnivorous Australian/Tasmanian marsupial (Thylacinus cynocephalus) that looked like a dog. It's been called the “Tasmanian wolf” or, because it was striped on the back, the “Tasmanian tiger.” The species lived until recently, going extinct in Australia about 2000 years ago (sightings are reported in the 1830s, though), and on Tasmania until 1930, when the last known one was shot. (Sightings are still reported there, but none have been credible.) Here are two from a Washington, D.C. zoo in 1906:
Why did they go extinct? Certainly hunting was a major factor, but others that have been suggested are disease, habitat loss, and competition with dingos. Dingos are the descendants of wild canids introduced into Australia, and are, unlike thylacines, placental mammals. The physical resemblance between the thylacine and a canid is an independent evolution of form, or an evolutionary convergence.
There are two results given the headline: “genetic weakness” of the thylacine and “the closer relationship of the thylacine to kangaroos than dingos”. We'll take these in order.
First, the “weakness”, which I take to mean “lack of genetic variation”, which could make a species more susceptible to extinction because it can't evolve in a way that would help it cope to new environments or conditions like disease. (Evolution requires genetic variation.) The paper reports a genomic sequencing of a preserved, 106-year old thylacine. Since I haven't read the paper, the lack of variation in the species would have to have been deduced by finding that this individual was largely invariant in its genome: that both copies of every gene were more similar than in other species. But earlier work in 2012, based on several thylacines, already told us that they were largely invariant in their mitochondrial DNA. So this conclusion isn't new.
Did the thylacine go extinct because it was genetically depauperate, though? We have no idea, and the Guardian even suggests it didn't:
“But what we found is that the population declined about 70,000 years ago, long before it was isolated meaning it probably had more to do with changes in the climate back then.” While overhunting was “without doubt” responsible for the animal's extinction in 1936, Pask said its genetic weakness would have made it more susceptible to disease had it survived.
Yes, and if my aunt had testes she'd be my uncle. What we have here is pure speculation. It does appear that thylacines were genetically depauperate, but whether that played a role in their extinction is unknown. After all, they were shot willy-nilly.
But the worst part is the second “conclusion”: the breathless report that thylacines are more closely related to kangaroos than to dingos, with a quote from associate professor Andrew Pask from the University of Melbourne (my emphasis):
The researchers also found that despite its similarities to the Australian dingo, the thylacine's DNA actually has more in common with the kangaroo. Scientists consider the thylacine and the dingo as one of the best examples of what's known as “convergent evolution”, the process where organisms that are not closely related independently evolve to look the same as a result of having to adapt to similar environments or ecological niches. Because of their hunting technique and diet of fresh meat, their skulls and body shape became similar despite the Tasmanian tiger's DNA having more in common with a kangaroo. Pask said the genome showed the Tasmanian tiger was an “unbelievable” example of convergent evolution, because it proved how distant the two species were. “Their similarities are absolutely astounding because they haven't shared a common ancestor since the Jurassic period, 160m years ago,” he said.
For crying out loud, WE ALREADY KNEW THIS! Thylacines are marsupials, like kangaroos, and dingos are placentals, like dogs and most other mammals we know. They belong to different infraclasses of mammals (the next level below the class Mammalia), and their ancestors separated about 159 million years ago. In contrast, the thylacine and kangaroo last shared a common ancestor about 62 million years ago. We've known that this is a case of convergent evolution for decades, and no biologist would be surprised at the subheadline above. They'd say, like Greg, Matthew, and I did, “Yeah, so?”
You can attribute that subheadline, perhaps, to a nonbiologist interested in writing clickbait, but it appears that Dr. Pask is guilty for fostering some of this hype, for he knows full well that the relatedness and time data have been around for years.
As Greg said when we were discussing this piece (it was sent by Matthew Cobb), “Any scientist who can pretend, in order to garner press attention, that it's a novel discovery that Tasmanian tigers are indeed marsupials should be shunned as a publicity-seeking charlatan.”
Amen!
3:30 p.m.
The U.S. Supreme Court is keeping in place a revised map of Pennsylvania's congressional districts, turning down a request from Republican leaders in the state Legislature.
The court's order Monday declining to put on hold the revised map comes as incumbents and potential challengers are circulating petitions to get on the May primary ballot.
The court is declining to halt a series of decisions by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court that threw out a 2011 Republican-crafted map and established a new map of the state's 18 districts.
Pennsylvania's 2011 map is generally considered among the most gerrymandered in the nation, and Democrats hope new district lines will boost their chances of reclaiming majority control of the U.S. House.
1:15 p.m.
A panel of federal judges on Monday dismissed a legal challenge by Republican congressmen to a district map imposed last month by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court.
The decision does not end litigation over the matter, but it makes it much more likely that this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania will be conducted under district lines widely viewed as more favorable to Democrats than a 2011 map the state court threw out in January.
The earlier map has been a campaign winner for Republicans, leading them to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
The three-judge panel issued its decision with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot. It said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
"The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution," the judges wrote. "These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do."
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
Monday's decision comes in a federal case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican congressmen and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that "inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly." The eight Republican congressmen, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
"The cost of shifting district boundaries — in terms of both campaign funding and constituent fealty — is surely appreciable," the judges wrote. "But the federal congressional plaintiffs have identified no legal principle tethering that cost to a legally cognizable interest in the composition of their electoral districts under the Elections Clause."
In a separate case , two senior Republicans in the state Legislature who were on the losing end of the state Supreme Court decision have a pending request before the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a stay, which would result in the use of the 2011 map for this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania. They want the new map put on hold while they pursue an appeal to the nation's highest court.
A ruling on that request could come at any time.
A group of 18 Democratic voters sued in state court last year to challenge the 2011 map, a case the state Supreme Court put on a fast track before throwing out the former district lines.
All five Democrats on the state Supreme Court said the map violated the state constitution, but one of the Democrats joined both Republicans in objecting to the majority's determination to enact a new map for this year's races.
More than two dozen candidates had filed petition paperwork by mid-day Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the primary ballot is Tuesday.
Going on The Bachelor requires disappearing from your regular life. Contestants leave behind their jobs, pets, family, friends and social media accounts for days or weeks or months to compete for true love.
But one contestant was reported as missing to the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office, when in fact she was competing on the reality show. On Thursday, a story in the North Coast Journal on 35 people currently missing in Humboldt County, California, included Rebekah Martinez. The newspaper asked readers if they recognized anyone in their collection of missing people, and Martinez was quickly recognized as a contestant on The Bachelor. She's doing quite well on the show, too, by the way.
According to the North Coast Journal, Martinez's mother reported her missing on Nov. 18 after not hearing from her since Nov. 12, a time frame that aligns with The Bachelor's typical taping schedule. The newspaper noted that after a reader pointed out that Martinez was on The Bachelor, a public information officer in Humboldt County (where Martinez at some point worked on a marijuana farm, the Journal reported) spoke to Martinez and said that she's been removed from the missing and unidentified persons unit. But as of Friday, she still appeared on California's state website as a missing person.
On Friday, Martinez addressed the mix-up on Twitter in the most daughter voice possible: “MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor??”
Bachelor contestants no doubt have a lot to do before uprooting their lives for what could be weeks to months. There's a packing list that includes everything from athleisure to ball gowns to “clothes for all types of weather — snow, rain, sun and wind.” All to fit in two suitcases.
AUGUST 14, 2017 — Evoqua Water Technologies, Warrendale, PA, reports that its SeaCURE Ballast Water Management System (BWMS) has completed all biological efficacy U.S. Coast Guard Type Approval tests.
The company now anticipates receiving U.S. Type Approval for the electrochlorination based system before the .end of the calendar year.
Tests were carried out under the supervision of classification society Lloyd's Register and the independent laboratory NSF International will now compile test data for submission to the USCG for imminent approval.
Matt Granitto, Business Manager, Ballast Water, said: "We are delighted that the SeaCURE system has successfully completed and exceeded all testing requirements and protocols for USCG certification. It has been a lengthy process but the importance of these tests and USCG Type Approval cannot be undervalued.
"The testing regime we opted for was the most stringent because it uses natural organisms in natural environments over those that are manufactured. By using real organisms, it takes a lot longer as nature doesn't always have sufficiently high organism counts."
All testing was carried out by NSF International. The first five tests in brackish waters took place in Baltimore harbor in the summer of 2015 by NSF partner Maritime Environmental Resource Centre (MERC). Another partner laboratory, Great Ships Initiative (GSI), then carried out five freshwater tests in the summer of 2016, with the final set of land based tests (marine water) completed by Holland's MEA-NL, working in conjunction with Lloyd's Register, on July 27, 2017.
Shipboard testing was conducted in various locations around the globe with scientists from MERC.
NSF International was the first independent laboratory to be certified by the USCG for BWMS testing and is widely regarded as the most stringent testing regime there is for a ballast water management system.
"We deliberately selected an independent laboratory that would challenge the SeaCURE system as part of the whole approval process," said Ian Stentiford, Evoqua's Global Vice President, Electrochlorination. "The testing NSF partners carry out is extensive and places considerable demands on the system in real-life, operational conditions. Testing uses real organisms, in different salinities, different water temperatures and different local environments, taking into account organism regrowth. "It is very stringent; but we knew that if the SeaCURE system could pass these tests, then shipowners will be confident that the system they have invested in is very robust and it can actually do what it has been designed for in all at-sea operating conditions encountered."
The SeaCURE system is one of the smallest electrochlorination-based ballast water treatment systems to have completed USCG testing, with one unit capable of treating up to 6,000 cu.m/h from an easy-to-install 2 m x1.5 m skid Photographs/Captions
Sen. Mark Warner, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said Wednesday he doesn't believe Democrats will ramp up investigations of Russian election meddling if they win control of Congress this fall.
"The notion for those who may be partisans in the crowd, [who] say 'Gosh, if Democrats take control, they'll be able to really ramp these up'…. I think the American public will be tired of it if this is not wound down in this calendar year," Warner, D-Va., said at Recode's Code Conference, a California gathering of senior tech executives.
The Senate Intelligence Committee is the last serious congressional investigation of Russia's interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., has talked about the possibility of ending the probe by early fall.
However, some political observers have speculated that Democrats may try to revive the House Intelligence Committee's Russia probe if they win the majority in the November elections.
The House investigation ended in March, with the GOP majority declaring that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians. Democrats complained that Republicans were ignoring evidence in order to protect President Trump.
The congressional investigations have been separate from the ongoing criminal investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller on behalf of the Department of Justice. Trump has repeatedly denounced the probe as "a witch hunt."
Warner said he is concerned about Trump's frequent attacks on the FBI, which go beyond his criticism of the Mueller investigation. Trump has recently attacked the FBI for planting a "spy" in his campaign — referring to the action as "spygate" and blasting top FBI and Justice Department officials as "crooked."
"What worries me beyond the fact that people have kind of got exhaustion from the day-to-day, back-and-forth of this story, what worries me beyond the Russians themselves or the collusion issue, (is) the president's willingness to kind of make broad-based...attacks against the whole integrity of the FBI, the whole integrity of the Justice Department beyond just the Muller investigation," Warner said.
Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., defended the FBI Tuesday night, saying that the bureau's use of an informant during the 2016 campaign was proper and was not targeted at Trump.
Gowdy, a member of the House Intelligence Committee and chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, was one of nine members of Congress allowed to see classified information about the FBI informant during briefings with the Justice Department last week.
"I am even more convinced that the FBI did exactly what my fellow citizens would want them to do when they got the information they got, and that it has nothing to do with Donald Trump," Gowdy said on Fox News.
Warner said Trump is criticizing his own appointees in the FBI and Justice Department "who are not willing to do inappropriate things like shut down the (Mueller) investigation."
"What I think he does with at least some of his allies — they're starting to undermine the rule of law," Warner said.
Trump tweeted Wednesday that he wished he had not appointed Jeff Sessions to be attorney general. The president has repeatedly expressed anger at Sessions for recusing himself from the Russia investigation. Sessions recused himself because he served as an adviser to the Trump campaign. His recusal led to the appointment of Mueller by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
SHEFFIELD-World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn denied claims of "bullying" and "intimidation" from Ronnie O'Sullivan, saying the five-times world champion had made "unfounded" and "inaccurate" allegations.
O'Sullivan slammed Hearn and snooker's hierarchy shortly after beating Gary Wilson 10-7 in the first round of this year's World Championship at Sheffield's Crucible Theatre in northern England on Sunday. The 41-year-old felt he had been harshly treated in receiving a letter from disciplinary chiefs after he criticised referee Terry Camilleri and swore at a press photographer during January's Masters -- a tournament he won.
O'Sullivan insisted he was done with being "bullied" and "intimidated" by officials. However, Hearn responded by issuing a statement Monday saying: "I personally take any accusation of 'bullying and intimidation' by me or World Snooker very seriously.
"Unfounded accusations such as these are damaging to World Snooker's global reputation, as well as my own, and we will take whatever action is required to protect this reputation from such inaccurate comments. "I hope all parties can move on from this position and concentrate on the brilliant entertainment provided by players at the Betfred World Championship."
One of the most talented cuemen the game has known, O'Sullivan is now snooker's biggest drawcard while Hearn, who made his name in sports promotion as the manager of six-times world champion Steve Davis, has been credited with lifting the game out of the doldrums since taking charge of World Snooker. But the two Englishmen's relationship took a turn for the worse when Hearn said last week that some of O'Sullivan's recent behaviour had been "embarrassing".
Post-match interviews have seen O'Sullivan deliberately and repeatedly respond with one-word answers, while he gave an interview to British television channel ITV at the World Grand Prix in February using a 'robotic' voice Following the Wilson match, O'Sullivan yet again raised the possibility of his retirement as he criticised Hearn and snooker's authorities.
"I phoned Barry up four weeks ago and I said, 'Barry, I'm done with all you and your board of people'," O'Sullivan said. "And I've got a very good friend of mind who said, 'Just let my lawyers deal with it'. I won't get involved with it because I'm not being bullied, I'm not having people doing that to me ever again. "I like Barry, but I'm not being intimidated or bullied any more."
He added: "I've given 25 years of service to this game and I think I've given enough. Drop me out, I don't need you, you probably don't need me." "I've had it for five, six, seven years, and I'm just done with it. "It's not that important. I could go and do Big Brother, I could go and do I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here," O'Sullivan said in a reference to two British television 'reality' shows. "I could have a great life doing other stuff. "This is something I do for love, but I'm not going to do it and have people trying to intimidate me and bully me."
Nevertheless, O'Sullivan -- who has failed to win back-to-back matches at the five previous events he has competed in since lifting the Masters trophy at London's Alexandra Palace in January -- insisted he would focus on the task at hand as he went in search of a sixth world title.
The 2017-18 Philadelphia Flyers season was a roller-coaster ride that ended with their second postseason berth in the last three years. The season was filled with great moments, goals, saves and player performances. Over the next couple of weeks, The Hockey Writers will take a deep look at each month of action. We will break down what happened in a specific month and what it meant to the season and the future of the franchise.
That One Loss
The first day of the month, the Flyers faced off against their division rival, New Jersey Devils. Coming off two-straight losses, this game started well for the Flyers as they held a 3-2 lead into the second intermission. Alex Lyon, making his first NHL start, stopped 11 of the 13 shots he he had faced to that point.
With 9:00 left in the game, a scrum in the Flyers' defensive corner was lost by both Brandon Manning and Radko Gudas, and the puck found Damon Severson, who tied the game. The Flyers still looked like they were going to get a tough point on the road against a division opponent, but then No. 1 pick Nico Hischier tipped home the game-winning goal with only 1:27 left.
They followed that loss up with a 12-game unbeaten streak (10-0-2), their longest since 2003. Overall, they were 10-1-2 in the month of February, which was their second-best February record in franchise history. They also won seven straight road games in the month, which was their second-longest streak in its team history.
Related – Flyers Season in Review: 88 Immortalized in January
Moment of the Month
The historic month had so many magical moments. Nolan Patrick tied the Feb 3. eventual shootout loss against the Ottawa Senators with 2.9 seconds remaining in the third period. Jordan Weal scored his first career overtime game-winner with 3.1 seconds left to beat the Carolina Hurricanes on Feb. 6. Alex Lyon earned his first NHL win with 25 saves in two periods in relief in a 7-4 victory over the New York Rangers on Feb. 18. Jakub Voracek tied the game with under 1:30 to play in regulation and then scored the game-winning goal in an overtime against Montreal on Feb. 20.
The moment of the month came in the last game, a 1-0 shootout victory over the Montreal Canadiens. Sean Couturier scored the only goal in the shootout, his third career shootout goal in 19 attempts. Petr Mrazek, acquired on Feb. 19 from the Detroit Red Wings, made 28 saves for his first shutout with the team. It was just the 15th game in Flyers history to complete regulation and overtime (if applicable) without a goal on either side.
Mrazek moved his record to 3-0 with the Flyers with a 1.30 goals-against average and .947 save percentage, and he seemed to be a genius acquisition by Ron Hextall. The real story was that the Flyers moved into first place in the Metropolitan Division. This was a team, on Jan. 5, that was sitting in last place in the division, with 41 points, 11 points behind the first-place Washington Capitals. They clawed and won their way back into the playoff race, and this run in February was the reason for it.
The Numbers Don't Lie
Claude Giroux led the team with eight goals in the 13 February games. He scored his 200th career goal in the 7-4 victory over the Rangers on Feb. 18. Later in the week, he scored a highlight-reel goal in a 5-3 win over Ottawa on Feb. 24.
Shayne Gostisbehere tied Giroux with 17 points during the month. He contributed seven of those points on the man-advantage, which also tied Giroux for the team-high of the month. Another reason for the successful month was that the Flyers were only shorthanded 25 times, which was a league-low for the month. They killed off 20 of those shorthanded instances.
Related – Flyers Season in Review: Wild West November
Michal Neuvirth made some history in a game on Feb. 10 vs the Arizona Coyotes. He stopped the five shooters he faced and became the first NHL goalie in the shootout era to win a game that he entered during the shootout. This was Brian Elliott's last game until April 5, with him undergoing core muscle surgery, but one dark cloud did not overshadow the Flyers' most successful month of the season.
Chelsea Clinton is one of Variety's 2017 Power of Women New York honorees. For more women in entertainment using their voices to bring attention to worthy causes, click here.
After Bill Clinton underwent emergency heart bypass surgery in 2004, he reached out to the American Heart Assn. to see what he could do for the organization. He envisioned it would want him to be the poster child for men visiting their doctors more regularly — but the group had another mission in mind: “The American Heart Assn. said, ‘Yes, please talk about that. But what we really need help on is childhood obesity,'” recalls Chelsea Clinton.
Marco Grob for Variety
That conversation led to the 2005 creation of the Alliance for a Healthier Generation, co-founded by the Clinton Foundation, which empowers kids to develop good, lifelong habits around nutrition and physical activity. “Today, the Alliance is the largest childhood obesity effort in the country,” says Chelsea, who sits on the organization's board of directors. “We work in more than 35,000 schools, touching the lives of more than 20 million kids.”
In recent years, the nonprofit has expanded to work with after-school programs and McDonald's, which has exchanged soda for juice and French fries for fruit in some markets. “Things like that may seem small, but that's led to billions more servings of apples,” Clinton says.
Clinton has also implemented a pilot program in 21 juvenile detention centers, which she studied as a correspondent at NBC News in 2012. At the Alliance, she toured one facility in Little Rock, Ark., with CEO Howell Wechsler, to observe the conditions. “She did a brilliant job of not only interacting with the director and staff, but with the youth that are incarcerated there,” Wechsler says.
Clinton, who holds a master's degree from Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health, argues that this work touches on all corners of society. “If you care about economy, you have to care about childhood obesity, because we know the implications for productivity,” Clinton says. “If you care about national security, you care about childhood obesity — we've had years where the military has said there are not as many people who could meet the fitness tests. I think you have to pay attention to this issue, and hopefully be part of the solution.”
Is it time for B.C. to change the way it elects politicians?
The province's NDP government has unveiled its plans for a referendum on that question, which could see British Columbia switch to a system of proportional representation (PR).
READ MORE: B.C.'s Attorney General recommending 2 ballot questions for electoral reform referendum
Under the NDP's proposal, voters will be asked two questions. First, do they want to abandon the current First-Past-The-Post (FPTP) system? Second, voters will be asked to choose between three possible systems of PR, ranking them in order of preference.
With the details of the referendum now public, both the “yes” and “no” sides are gearing up.
So what's the case for dropping the current system? And what's the case for keeping it?
Why we should say ‘yes' to PR
“Yes” advocates say the decision comes down to a matter of fairness: that the share of seats a party gets in the legislature should be linked closely to the number of votes it gets.
They compare that to the current system where a political party can get 100 per cent of the power with as little as 36 per cent of the vote.
READ MORE: What you need to know about proportional representation
Speaking with CKNW's Simi Sara Show on Wednesday, PR supporter and political scientist David Moscrop said the system is more fair to voters, who often find themselves voting in ridings where they may have no impact.
LISTEN: The case for proportional representation
“If you live on the Island, your chance of electing a BC Liberal is really low, if you live in Metro Vancouver your chance of electing a Green is fairly low. I think that's fairly unfair, because there are supporters for those parties there,” he said.
“Under a PR system your vote would have a high likelihood of electing someone from a party that you support.”
Moscrop argued that PR systems also address “wasted” votes cast for a losing candidate, and cited data that showed turnout increasing in countries that use it.
READ MORE: Vote twice, change once: Fraser Institute says B.C. should get 2 questions on electoral reform
“People start to say, ‘What's the point? I never elect a winner, why should I bother?'” he said of FPTP.
“Turnout is going down around the world because people are alienated, they think the system isn't representing them or they think that everything is fine, so why should I bother turning out?”
Moscrop also dismissed concerns that the new system would be too complex, arguing that 80 countries already use it, and their citizens are no smarter than British Columbians.
Why we should keep FPTP
Opponents to the system say PR is destabilizing and takes power out of the hands of citizens.
Speaking on the Simi Sara Show, former B.C. attorney general and “No” campaigner Suzanne Anton says the current system is simple and effective.
READ MORE: Public asked to weigh in on B.C.'s proportional representation referendum
“Everyone now understands it. They know how their member of the legislature gets there. And it's stable, we have very stable governments in British Columbia. And It's successful, there's no better place really than B.C.”
LISTEN: The case against proportional representation
Anton said a key concern about PR is that it could empower parties at the expense of voters.
She said provisions in many PR models — such as the Mixed Member Proportional (MMP) system that will appear on next fall's ballot — allow the legislature to be “topped up” with MLAs to ensure that a party's final seat count matches its vote share. Those MLAs are selected from lists provided by the parties.
“You may vote for people, but you also vote for political parties,” she said.
“When you vote for a political party you are giving over your authority to that political party to appoint people to the legislature. Those people then become accountable to the political party, they are no longer accountable to citizens.”
READ MORE: B.C. unveils framework for electoral reform referendum
Anton argued that PR systems also lead to post-election political horse-trading among parties, with the final composition of government not necessarily clear based on citizens' votes alone.
“You've got a lot of political parties, and after the election day they go into the backrooms and they figure out what the government should be and they figure out what policies that government has,” she said.
READ MORE: Proportional representation advocates to meet with BC NDP government
No campaigners have also raised concerns that using PR would result in a fractured parliament populated by a multitude of smaller parties, some which may possess extreme views.
Official campaigning by both sides will kick off on July 1, and the referendum will be conducted by mail from Oct. 22 to Nov. 30, 2018.
: Days ahead of the August 23 Bawana bypoll, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday claimed that no other government had worked for rural Delhi the way his regime had.Addressing a rally at Bawana in north Delhi, he also listed out the measures initiated by his government in the last two-and-a-half years for the rural areas.Referring to Kailash Gahlot, the recently-appointed transport minister, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief said he specifically chose him, so that the issues related to the rural areas could be addressed more efficiently.Gahlot represents the Najafgarh constituency, a rural area of the national capital.The bypoll at Bawana was necessitated after AAP's Ved Prakash resigned as the local MLA and subsequently, quit the party to join the BJP.Kejriwal said his government had been working for over two years to ensure that the land-related rights of the people of rural Delhi were not violated and the matter was now before the Centre.Listing out the work done by his dispensation, he said the compensation amount for land acquisition was hiked from Rs 53 lakh to Rs 3 crore after the AAP came to power in Delhi. However, the chief minister added that the decision was set aside by the lieutenant governor and the issue was now in court.He also said the education system in the national capital had improved due to the hard work of Education Minister Manish Sisodia and added that there had been a "major transformation" of the government schools in the last two years.This was visible in this year's class 8 examination results, in which the state-run schools outperformed the private schools in Delhi, Kejriwal said.He added that his government was committed to delivering "world-class education for free" to the children of Delhi.
NEW PARIS — A quarter auction was held at New Paris American Legion Post 360 on Thursday, June 28, to benefit Preble County food banks. Proceeds from the auction will be split between the New Paris food bank and the Eaton food bank.
Many vendors donated to this event, bringing their items to be auctioned off. Everyone in attendance brought a nonperishable canned good item to be donated to the food bank. They also purchased their paddle and “quarter tickets,” which each equaled one quarter. Every item is explained and then people can put as many tickets as they want into the bin. The winner is pulled randomly.
Lisa Davidson planned the quarter auction to raise money for the area food banks, after attending an auction years prior and being interested in holding her own. She noted, with the summer season, need is greater for food banks in the area, since kids are out of school.
“We have a lot of people in this community who need food. The food banks in the area struggle to have enough food to distribute. Especially now that it is summer and kids are out of school. It takes more food to feed them,” Davidson said.
“It is just a really good cause, because they're always struggling to get enough food in the community.”
Davidson added, the American Legion donated use of the building to the cause and she also thanked all vendors and those who donated their time and efforts.
A quarter auctionwas held at New Paris American Legion Post 360 on Thursday, June 28, to benefit Preble County food banks. Proceeds from the auction will be split between the New Paris food bank and the Eaton food bank. https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_Quarter1.jpg A quarter auctionwas held at New Paris American Legion Post 360 on Thursday, June 28, to benefit Preble County food banks. Proceeds from the auction will be split between the New Paris food bank and the Eaton food bank. https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_Quarter2.jpg https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_Quarter3.jpg https://www.registerherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/41/2018/07/web1_QUarter4.jpg
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler@registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was heartache for Ross Barton in tonight's Emmerdale as his attacker walked free from court.
Ross finally came face-to-face with the drug dealer who threw acid on his face before giving evidence about his ordeal in the dock.
Justice was seemingly going to be done until, in a cruel twist of fate, the judge revealed that a key witness for the prosecution had died.
The judge concluded that there was not enough evidence to prosecute and Simon was allowed to walk free from court.
Back home, furious Ross vowed revenge on his attacker in a bizarre ending that saw him appear to teleport back into the courtroom.
(Image: ITV)
Pete explained to girlfriend Rhona that the case had fallen apart and argued they could turn to other witnesses and push for a retrial.
He added: "This changes things. You need to talk to the police."
"Forget the police...," began Ross, before the action suddenly switched to back inside the courtroom mid-sentence.
On his own, staring menacingly at the back of his attacker, Ross continued: "...I know him and I know where he lives."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale viewers were divided on the ending, with some left very confused.
One viewer said: "Who the hell edited that end segment ?"
Another added: "Did Ross imagine that last bit or something?"
However, one disagreed: "Loved the ending"
(Image: TV pic)
Rhona and Pete were left deeply unnerved as Ross vowed to track down Simon and finish things off himself.
This came after Ross realised that his attacker was Holly's drug dealer, but failed to make the connection back to Debbie Dingle.
But he started to despair when, after a commotion in the court, the judge explained that the only witness that would testify against Simon had died.
(Image: ITV)
The judge concluded that the prosecution could not rely on "hearsay" evidence as the witness could not be cross-examined.
He said: "Due to the overall lack of reliable evidence I have no choice but to urge the jury to give a not guilty verdict."
Will Ross stick to his word and hunt down his attacker?
*Emmerdale continues on Tuesday on ITV at 7pm
The push for tariffs began in April 2017, when Suniva Inc., a bankrupt Georgia-based panel maker filed a trade complaint arguing that it had been crippled by a flood of imports. Trump responded in January, imposing duties of as much as 30%, saying they were necessary to protect American manufacturers and create jobs.
Brenda Bachman has joined the chorus of Kelowna residents who've been calling for unimpeded access to the shores of Okanagan Lake.
The longtime Kelowna resident has gone so far as to hire a drone to prove her point.
“The drone video shows a drone flying over top of the foreshore and it shows some areas where the property owners are wonderful. They're not impeding access. And then it shows big clumps of owners who actually have buildouts right into the lake,” Bachmann said.
Lakeshore resident Jan Harvey is offended that some are campaigning to reclaim the shores. She feels it's in poor taste.
“We have so many friends whose property has been absolutely decimated by the high water. It's not the right time to try and reclaim the foreshore when people are reeling from the disasters that have happened to them,” Harvey said.
According to the City of Kelowna, docks and fences along the foreshore are a provincial responsibility but it's working with the province to resolve the issue.
“But if docks or fences were built not in accordance with an approved plan we can certainly do some follow up and enforcement with the province,” Kelowna's community planning manager Ryan Smith said.
Meanwhile, Bachmann's next move to prove her point is to organize a march along the foreshore which is sure to make some waves.
“We're considering possibly starting up an annual beach walk where we start at Mushroom Beach and end at Rotary Beach because it's my thought that you should be able to walk the Greenway and walk the foreshore all the way to City Park.”
VANCOUVER — Kei Kamara turned up at the Columbus Crew's practice facility in May 2016 convinced he was set to join the Vancouver Whitecaps.
Social media was buzzing with rumours the Major League Soccer striker would be moved following an on-field spat and subsequent public comments directed at a teammate.
Kamara was right to believe a deal was in place, he just had the team wrong.
“I went into training thinking, ‘I just got traded to Vancouver,”' Kamara recalled Monday. “They told me I was going to the New England Revolution. I was like, ‘Oh, I thought it was going to be Vancouver Whitecaps from all the Twitter stuff.'”
After that false alarm, Kamara finally became a member of the Whitecaps some 19 months later Sunday when the MLS club acquired him from New England for a pair of draft picks.
“I actually felt like (the 2016 trade) was closer than what just happened,” the 33-year-old said on a conference call Monday from his native Sierra Leone. “It's a bit of a surprise.”
In snagging Kamara, Vancouver now has a powerful centre forward who should fit into head coach Carl Robinson's setup that relies heavily on crosses and set pieces.
With 98 goals in 286 MLS appearances over 11 seasons, the Whitecaps will be the 6-3, 190-pound Kamara's seventh stop in North America after also playing for Norwich City and Middlesbrough in England.
“It's all about feeding the striker,” said Kamara, who has added five goals in 12 playoff games. “I want that pressure on me.”
The Whitecaps will be looking to build on a 2017 season that saw them reach the Western Conference semifinal before bowing out to the Seattle Sounders in a two-game aggregate series where Vancouver registered just one tepid shot on target.
Kamara had a career-high 22 goals for Columbus in 2015 to help the Crew reach the MLS Cup final, and has scored a dozen times each of the last two seasons.
Tenth all-time on the MLS goal list, Kamara also isn't afraid to speak his mind. Apart from the run-in with Federico Higuain that led to his Columbus exit, he made it known this past season the Revolution weren't the right fit for his skill set.
That fiery personality is something Vancouver can probably use, with Kamara's demeanour more akin to that of Robinson — a no-nonsense midfielder during his playing days — than most of the current roster.
“He's aggressive, he has the courage of his convictions,” Whitecaps president Bob Lenarduzzi said in a phone interview. “Having someone like him who is prepared to be vocal is something we haven't had.”
Active on social media with more than 60,000 Twitter followers, Kamara said that approach is about getting the most out of himself and the team.
“When I'm screaming at you, it's not because I don't like you,” he said. “It's because I want all of us to be better.”
With both Kamara and recently acquired striker Anthony Blondell the two primary options up top for the Whitecaps, it seems like the door is closing on the potential return of the popular Fredy Montero.
The Colombian scored 13 times last season while on loan from his Chinese club, but made US$1.8 million as a designated player. Kamara was on the books for $800,000 in New England.
“We're keeping all the doors open,” said Lenarduzzi. “It needs to be established what the Chinese club is looking to do, and what Fredy is looking to do.”
Vancouver's arduous travel schedule is always a consideration when adding an older player, but Lenarduzzi said Kamara's age didn't come into the equation when going after a target man the Whitecaps had their eye on for some time.
“I'm in Sierra Leone, West Africa,” Kamara joked. “That's a long trip. I'm focused, I'm energetic, athletic. I know how to take care of myself off the field.”
Kamara's family fled to the U.S. from war-torn Sierra Leone when he was a teenager, but despite becoming an American citizen, he decided to play for his homeland internationally.
A native of Kenema, he runs the Heart Shaped Hands foundation — named after one of his many goal celebrations — which works to provide scholarships in his native country, and is currently raising funds for victims of an August mudslide that killed more than 1,000 people in the capital of Freetown.
“As a professional of anything, the best way is for you to go back to your roots and see how many smiles you can put on people's faces,” said Kamara. “It's not about how much you make or the fame, but I use those things to give back.
“I can make an impact in this country.”
The Whitecaps will be hoping he can do the same for them on the field.
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com
MANAGUA (Reuters) - Nicaragua's main business lobby on Wednesday urged President Daniel Ortega to hold early elections to steer the country out of weeks of deadly protests that have seriously undermined the former Marxist guerrilla leader's long hold on power.
Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega speaks, as Vice-President Rosario Murillo listens during first round of dialogue after a series of violent protests against his government in Managua, Nicaragua May 16,2018.REUTERS/Oswaldo Rivas
In a letter to Ortega published on Twitter, business association COSEP urged the 72-year-old president to bring forward the next vote at a date to be agreed between the government and representatives of civic society.
“Given the magnitude of this crisis, we urge you to undertake every effort in your power to find a peaceful solution before we find ourselves immersed in an even more tragic situation,” the letter said.
The next presidential election is scheduled for 2021.
Proposed changes to Nicaragua's social security system last month triggered student-led protests, and indignation at a violent crackdown in which dozens of people have been killed and over 800 injured has become a daily challenge to Ortega's rule.
Ortega told supporters that Nicaragua “is not private property” in response to the COSEP demand, according to local newspaper La Prensa.
A Cold War antagonist of the United States who served a single term as president during the 1980s, Ortega returned to power in 2007. He was re-elected by a landslide for a third consecutive term in 2016 with his wife as vice president.
The Organization of American States last week called for early elections, but Ortega has not acceded.
Michael Vick made an appearance at the Georgia Dome yesterday and he was welcomed with cheers by fans. Plus, the 49ers awarded Colin Kaepernick their highest honor. Deets inside…
Yesterday, Michael Vick, former Falcons quarterback, returned to the Georgia Dome to bid farewell during the Falcons final regular season game. The Georgia Dome is being demolished and will be replaced with the Mercedes-Benz Stadium being built next door.
During halftime, the former standout QB joined several Falcon alum joined Roddy White as Falcon fans honored the past inside the Georgia Dome. Despite the controversy that still continues to follow him in the media, Vick was welcomed with a standing ovation and cheers from fans all throughout the Dome.
As you all know, many fans turned their back on Vick after he was convicted and thrown in jail for dog fighting.
Before the game, he told the media,
“I think it's so important in your life — you have to forgive. I'm just thankful for the people, a lot of people, here in this organization and in this city. I come and go all the time through the Atlanta airport. A lot of people have …read more
Read more here:: YBF
“I'm calm and collected. I haven't lost any sleep because of this,” he stated to the public broadcasting company.
Prime Minister Juha Sipilä (Centre) reiterated his confidence in the successful implementation of the social, health care and regional government reform in his weekly interview on YLE Radio Suomi on Sunday.
Sipilä admitted, however, that the inaugural county elections are unlikely to be organised on schedule in October, thus echoing the assessment of Minister of Finance Petteri Orpo (NCP). Orpo on Saturday told the public broadcasting company that he doubts the elections can be organised according to the original schedule following the statements of the Chancellor of Justice and the director of electoral administration at the Ministry of Justice.
The Office of the Chancellor of Justice stated last week that the elections can be organised no earlier than six months after the reform bill has been approved by the Finnish Parliament.
Both Orpo and Sipilä have recently underscored that the priority is currently to finalise and approve the draft bill, rather than organise the elections in October.
Sipilä on Sunday estimated that it may nevertheless be possible to organise the elections by year-end.
He assured that he is not concerned by what appears to be growing uneasiness toward the social, health care and regional government reform among the National Coalition, which according to Orpo is prepared to re-consider its support for the reform if its parliamentary group determines that the reform will fall short of its objectives.
Such reservations are shared by all three ruling parties, said Sipilä.
The massive reform has been the topic of considerable public debate over the past week after several experts and policymakers expressed their doubts about cost impact assessments published by the Ministry of Finance.
Sipilä addressed such concerns by pointing out that it remains impossible to offer detailed estimates of the cost savings generated by the reform because the savings will depend not so much on the decisions of the government but rather on how the reform is implemented at the level of the counties.
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
Photo: Vesa Moilanen – Lehtikuva
Source: Uusi Suomi
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman from Bottesford has become the new face of a national hair care brand.
Carol Maud, 66, entered a national competition launched by White Hot hair care to become a model for the brand.
Along with five other winners, Carol took part in a shoot in November, which can now be found on the brand's website.
Carol said she never expected she would be chosen as a model for White Hot.
"When I entered, I never thought I would be picked in a million years," she said.
"I was really nervous on the day but am thrilled with the end result - I can't believe my picture will be the first thing you see when you go on their website."
White Hot is a hair care brand specially formulated for the needs of white and grey hair.
Managing director of White Hot, Jayne Mayled, said she loved Carol's "zest for life" and that is why the brand picked her.
"We loved Carol's zest for life - when we asked her why she applied she said that she didn't want to regret not having a go, and we admire this spirit," she said.
"Her razor-sharp cheekbones and chic crop helped too."
HILLSBORO, Ore. -- About 50 firefighters are battling a brush fire threatening a nearby home in rural Hillsboro.
Tualatin Valley Fire and Rescue said the fire started as a controlled burn on Southwest Holly Hill Road, but the fire spread outside the boundaries once the winds picked up.
The fire has burned approximately 12-15 acres, officials say.
Please avoid the area.
Firefighter says a controlled burn became out of control when the winds picked up. They are trying to protect the house of the homeowner. 12-15 acres estimated. pic.twitter.com/0KIuuL1wtf — Brian Brennan (@BrianBrennanTV) May 30, 2018
Video: Brush fire threatening home in rural Hillsboro
© 2018 KGW
The final piece of pipe for the Bend southeast sewer interceptor project went into the ground this week. The project encompasses 8 miles of sewer line that was laid along Murphy Road, 27th Street, Neff, and Purcell. Several pumping stations were also decommissioned, which in the long run will save the city about 18 thousand dollars annually. The new lines are expected to be put into service next week.
Main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) Chairman Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu voiced concerns over Syrian refugees in Turkey yesterday in a radio broadcast, and said that he intends to send Syrian refuges back to their country. Kılıçdaroğlu said that Turkey has spent too much money on refugees but the war has come to an end, therefore Syrians should return to their country immediately. "We opened our arms to the Syrians who escaped from the civil war in Syria. There is no long-lasting conflict environment in Syria, the war is almost over. Now our brothers and sisters need to return to their own country. Some $30 billion has been spent on them," he said.
Kılıçdaroğlu emphasized that almost every province is hosting Syrian refugees. He added that the CHP is planning on establishing a Middle East Peace and Cooperation Organization (OBİT), jointly with three other states: Iran, Syria and Iraq, to solve the regional problems, if the party comes as a winner in the June 24 presidential and parliamentary elections.
His OBİT plan is being interpreted as an excuse to send refugees back.
Earlier in May, Kılıçdaroğlu said Turkish citizens are now second-class citizens due to the presence of 3.5 million Syrians in the country.
On May 26, Kılıçdaroğlu presented the CHP's election declaration, by saying that foreign policy would be implemented with the motto, "Peace at home, Peace in the World."
"We will live in peace with all our neighbors," he said.
With regards to relations with Syria, Kılıçdaroğlu said that he is ready to meet Bashar Assad to discuss the refugee problem. "If you are setting up an organization based on international partners, of course you need to meet Assad," he said.
"Turkey will be a real dominant force in the region. Why we are intervening Syria's internal affairs?" he added shortly after.
The CHP's presidential candidate, Muharrem İnce, also made anti-immigrant remarks last week. Speaking in a televised interview on May 24, İnce said that if he is elected as a president he will close the doors on Syrians.
"When they leave home for the holidays, I will close the door and they will stay there. Is Turkey a soup kitchen?" he said.
Some 2,000 Syrians crossed into Syria earlier in May. The crossing will be open until June 13 for holidaymakers who are required to register online for travel permits to the towns and cities of Azez, Mare, Soran, Aktarin, Afrin, Jarablus and al-Bab, the areas which were liberated from Daesh and the People's Protection Units (YPG) terrorists by Turkey and Free Syrian Army (FSA) forces.
"We want Syrians in Turkey to go back their country. That is clear," Kılıçdaroğlu said last August, adding that the CHP would send them back to Syria if it came to power in the elections.
Before the June 7 general elections in April 2015, he also said, "The CHP will send the 2 million Syrian refugees [the then number of Syrian refugees in Turkey] back to their country," while speaking at a rally.
On October, 2015 Kılıçdaroğlu also said any sort of agreement with the EU, which he described as turning the country into the EU's refugee camp, was unacceptable.
While the government is engaged in negotiations with the EU to share the burden of more than 2.2 million refugees in Turkey, Kılıçdaroğlu said much needed jobs for locals were currently going to Syrians and called on the government to reject any proposal extended by the EU.
Since the start of the Syrian crisis in 2011, Turkey has been at the forefront of helping Syrian refugees. Turkey is home to more than 3.5 million refugees from Syria, the largest Syrian refugee community in the world. As it grapples the influx of displaced, the country strives to offer exemplary care for the refugees, covering all their needs with a humanitarian expenditure that has reached to more than $30 billion.
What if we said nothing is written in stone and that you have the power to create the future as you move along? Think of the tarot as a master card to this future—one that provides deep insights into your journey through a mystical maze of images, words, colours, symbols, and numbers. But it's not all mumbo-jumbo! The tarot is a very practical tool to gain absolute clarity on where you are standing, where you want to go and how to get there. By that logic, this column both a daily horoscope and a daily guidance, empowering you to make better decisions and write that bestseller called your life, in collaboration with the Universe.
Daily horoscope: Aries
How are we feeling about the financial sector, Aries? That diamond-studded watch can wait until next month. The shiny new shoes as well. Saving, not splurging, is the operative word right now. Adulting equals preparing for rainy days.
Daily horoscope: Taurus
Stop looking outside for support, especially from the men in your life. You'll only be disappointed. Focus on being your own Prince Charming. Being able to hold your own will feel like a revelation.
Daily horoscope: Gemini
Not everybody who clinks glasses with you is your best friend. Today brings with itself the warning that there could be hidden enemies around you. Trust your gut to tell the difference between friend and foe. You know you have the ability to smell dodgy vibes from a mile away.
Daily horoscope: Cancer
Sometimes you feel at ease with the world. At other times you struggle with circumstances. Let go of your need to go against the flow. Being open to the other side of the story will give you perspective. Compassion is a powerful tool that helps heal relationships.
Daily horoscope: Leo
Your new philosophy is simple. It's called ‘zero bullshit'. It's something you've come to expect from yourself and those you interact with. You know what you have to do with liars, cheaters, and dishonest people. Show them the exit door and ensure they never step into your life again.
Daily horoscope: Virgo
You know you're a boss-lady-in-the-making right? But until you get there, there's some hustling to do. Mentally prepare yourself for a period working doubly hard and giving your career your all. There may be some serious multitasking to do. The good thing is: it will teach you all the tricks of the trade.
Daily horoscope: Libra
We all know who's the curator of cool in this crew. But what if there's more to your love for the finer things in life? Wield your influence to talk about the things that matter to you. You could also think about starting a virtual space or a lifestyle blog.
Daily horoscope: Scorpio
Honour your partner's role as a mirror in your life. There is so much you will learn about your own being through this sacred communion. The pain and the struggles that show up are teachers too. Bringing your awareness to them will help you unveil what the lesson you need to learn at this point.
Daily horoscope: Sagittarius
New dimensions are opening up for you right now. Align yourself with your higher purpose. Consciously create space for growth and development. Releasing old patterns is an integral part of this process. Let go of what doesn't make you feel at home.
Daily horoscope: Capricorn
Ah, the world of illusions! Are you living in one right now? Carefully assess each opportunity coming your way. Not everything that shines is necessarily gold. You want to ensure the choice you make is not only promising, but also gives you a reason to smile each and everyday.
Daily horoscope: Aquarius
Ready to take yet another giant leap of faith? Align yourself with the new. Remember circumstances only get to hold you back if you allow them to. It's always easier to work with the flow rather than against it.
Daily horoscope: Pisces
There are many doors opening up for you right now. Take some time to meditate on your choices before you choose. Not everything that looks good promises to deliver. You already know the repercussions of making the wrong choices. You also want to be extra careful about the people you associate with.
Read your monthly horoscope here
"There were many choices thrust upon him that brought about very challenging circumstances through his early years," he said of Manson, the son of a prostitute who never knew his father. "But he also made choices that brought great consequence and negatively impacted other people for many, many years."
According to a new report from The New York Times , an autonomous vehicle from Uber struck and killed a woman in Tempe, Arizona:
The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode with a human safety driver at the wheel when it struck the woman, who was crossing the street outside of a crosswalk, the Tempe police said in a statement.
The Times says this may be the first time a pedestrian has been killed after being struck by a self-driving vehicle.
Uber has reportedly suspended testing of its autonomous vehicle fleet and is cooperating with authorities. The company issued a statement following the incident:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Monday the homemade bomb attack in New York City that authorities said was carried out by a Bangladeshi man highlights the “urgent need” for Congress to enact immigration reform legislation. Trump said in a statement the suspect had entered the United States on a family immigrant visa, benefiting from a U.S. policy known as chain migration, which the president said “is incompatible with national security.”
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Tensions between the United States and North Korea tend to flare suddenly and fade almost as quickly — but the latest escalation won't likely go away quite so easily.
Events closer to home, including deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia, could demand more of President Donald Trump's attention in the days ahead and cut into the volume and frequency of his fiery North Korea rhetoric.
But North Korea has yet to back away from its biggest threat: a plan to lob missiles toward U.S. military bases on the island of Guam that Pyongyang says should be ready for leader Kim Jong-un to review anytime now.
Will it all stop there?
Or, despite the extremely high risks, will Kim really give the go order? And, regardless of what Kim does or doesn't do, will the tough-talking Trump feel compelled to take matters into his own hands?
Unpredictable as the situation is, some potential flashpoints to watch for:
___
BOMBER FLIGHTS
This could be the biggest trigger.
North Korea says it was compelled to put the Guam plan together because it feels threatened by a squadron of B-1B bombers on the island that the U.S. has increasingly sent to fly in Korean airspace in symbolic shows of force during times of particular tension.
But that may be only a pretense.
North Korea is certainly sensitive to the bombers, which could cause a lot of devastation if a war did start. But it also might just want an excuse to fully test the capabilities of its new Hwasong-12 intermediate-range missiles.
Either way, it's a cagey tactic: If Trump orders the B-1Bs to stay on the ground, Pyongyang can claim victory. If he orders them to fly, North Korea has its excuse to launch. If, of course, that's what it really wants to do — Pyongyang wisely left itself a lot of wiggle room and hasn't committed itself one way or the other.
___
LIBERATION DAY
Aug. 15 is the anniversary of the end of World War II in 1945 and the Korean Peninsula's liberation from Japanese colonial rule.
Pyongyang likes to use big anniversaries to make high-profile statements with military activity or political provocations. It launched its first intercontinental ballistic missile, for example, on July 4 — Independence Day in the United States.
This week's World War II anniversary isn't linked so closely to veneration of North Korea's ruling Kim family, the primary days for demonstrating national power. But it's a national holiday just the same and could be an opportune moment for the North to make some kind of move.
So far, however, there haven't been any telltale signs of anything brewing in Pyongyang. The day could just be marked with small celebrations and the distribution of free treats — or maybe more rhetoric about the Guam missile plan.
___
WAR GAMES
This is another likely trigger, if Pyongyang is going to actually do anything.
Tens of thousands of U.S. and South Korean troops are expected to kick off the annual Ulchi-Freedom Guardian military exercises on Aug. 21. North Korea sees these exercises and larger ones held every spring as a rehearsal for invasion. Getting Washington to halt them has long been one of Pyongyang's key demands, and it regularly stirs the pot around the time they're held.
North Korea carried out its biggest nuclear test just after last year's UFG drills ended and fired four Scud ER missiles into waters off Japan to coincide with the spring exercises this past March.
This year's UFG exercises are expected to last around 10 days.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The best Air and Ground players take control of the game when it matters most. With a variety of customized options like delivery notifications and requesting to have your package held for pickup, FedEx Delivery Manager® can help you call the play that works best for your delivery. Learn more and sign up at http://fedex.com/delivery. Terms, conditions, and some fees apply.
Make your call for the FedEx Air & Ground® NFL Players of the Week by voting now. When the winners are announced, FedEx will donate $2,000 to the USO in each of their names through FedEx Cares.
Tune in to the Record Shelf , Sunday at 10pm, for a conversation with the Danish conductor Thomas Dausgaard.
KUSC Staff
Once a small student-run station broadcasting
from the University of Southern California
campus, KUSC is now the largest and most
listened to public radio and non-profit classical
music station in the United States.
Meanwhile, the Patriots got a run in the third off Gabe Achucarro on a bunt by Garcia to score Johnny Tincher, who had a triple. They scored another run to tie it in the fourth on an RBI single by Daniel Gamboa. And then Erik Rivas, who has five hits in two playoff games, delivered an RBI single in the fifth.
KALAMAZOO, Mich. (WOOD) — The suspect in a violent Kalamazoo County crime spree last year has pleaded guilty to several felony charges.
Matthew Steppenwolf pleaded guilty, but mentally insane to charges of armed robbery, second-degree arson, discharge of a firearm into a building causing injury, carjacking and being a felon in possession of a firearm.
He was charged with 10 felony counts related to a violent crime spree last January.
Steppenwolf started the spree by leaving a Comstock Township gas station without paying for less than $10 of fuel he had pumped while armed with a shotgun. He then went to a Cooper Township home and allegedly set fire to a home. No one was injured in the incident.
After, he went to Kalamazoo and allegedly threw a Molotov cocktail at a house on Monterey Drive and then opened fire on the building while yelling racial slurs. A woman in the house was shot in the chest.
Officers found Steppenwolf leaving the scene of the shooting in a minivan, but were unable to detain him because he was ignoring traffic signals and traveling over 100 mph.
After evading police, he allegedly carjacked a woman at the intersection of Drake Road and Croyden Street, during which he allegedly punched the woman multiple times until she fell to the ground and gave up the keys to the vehicle.
Dispatchers were later notified that he had crashed the stolen car on TS Avenue in Climax Township in southeaster Kalamazoo County. Witnesses reported the driver hadn't stepped out of the vehicle and responding officers arrested him without incident.
Before his arraignment, his mother told the court he may have been suicidal. He did not have a criminal history before the incidents.
A sentencing hearing is slated for 8:30 a.m. on March 12.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Game of Thrones provides so much more entertainment than just on your TV screen. With every new episode comes a whole new batch of LOL-tastic memes that are bound to tickle you. We've searched the internet high and low to find the best Game of Thrones memes – and we're talking the best of the best. Enjoy!
Most savage characters on Game of Thrones combined? (Olenna, you are gone but never forgotten)
We can SO see this! Just compare them…
What if Ed Sheeran's character was Tormund and Brienne's lovechild and his scene was one of Bran's visions of the future…🤔#GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/9QrcS9MO3F — NOW TV (@NOWTV) July 18, 2017
Dickon 😍😍😍
You know nothing Jon Snow…(but here's hoping you will soon)
Jon and Bran are opposites 😂 #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/A4fZaUg2EZ — Game of Thrones Meme (@Thrones_Memes) August 8, 2017
We've all been there babes
We actually kind of miss you White Walkers
TOO MUCH 😂
This is savage af 😂😂 pic.twitter.com/Or0qqmKJmz — Game of Thrones Meme (@Thrones_Memes) March 15, 2017
OMG.
I can't even…
HAHA
TRUE.
If Lyanna Mormont had 3 dragons, Game of Thrones would of been over in two seasons… #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/YkNZcT5Ne8 — Angela Belcamino (@AngelaBelcamino) July 17, 2017
More complicated than your Decaf, Soy Latte With An Extra Shot And Cream…
When Daenerys and Jon went to Starbucks 😂 #GameOfThrones pic.twitter.com/y1GcfFe6Cj — Game of Thrones Meme (@Thrones_Memes) July 31, 2017
This article originally appeared on Glamourmagazine.co.uk
SwimSwam welcomes reader submissions about all topics aquatic, and if it's well-written and well-thought, we might just post it under our “Shouts from the Stands” series. We don't necessarily endorse the content of the Shouts from the Stands posts, and the opinions remain those of their authors. If you have thoughts to share, please [email protected]
This Shouts from the Stands was written by Evelyn Pickett, who shares her capstone research paper for Oakton High School regarding the technological advances in swimming gear and their effects on records.
The Olympic motto is “Citius, Altius, Fortius.” Faster, Higher, Stronger. This motto has driven competition since the earliest Olympics of ancient Greece, and for the best swimmers in the world it means one thing: putting your hand on the wall faster than anyone in history. Just when it is thought that an athlete has reached the edge of human performance, that no one could ever be faster, it fuels another to prove them wrong. As world record times continue to drop, and athletes seem to be getting continually faster, one must ask what factors besides pure strength are contributing to this never ending cycle of world record breaking. The technological advances in swimming throughout Olympic history have devalued world records, and these improvements to the sport must be regulated in order to provoke the betterment of athleticism rather than science.
Since the first Olympic swimming race in 1896, there have been many groundbreaking improvements in technology that have aided athletes in their missions to be the best. In 1956, the swimmers were allowed to flip turn into each of their walls for the first time. This led to the first great spike in world records broken, as it is still the most effective way to change direction while maintaining the most possible momentum. Later, in 1976, the guttered pool was introduced. Instead of the waves created by the swimmers splashing back and causing resistance, the edges of the pool served as a drainage system, constantly carrying water away and redistributing it in a less resistive fashion (Epstein). Throughout the last century, pools have gotten deeper, allowing waves to dissipate in the water below instead of bouncing off of the bottom and interfering with the swimmer. New designs for starting blocks were also invented including a downward slant and a track style lip on the back meant to increase acceleration and power off of the start. All of these design improvements have no other purpose than enhancing the speed of the swimmers, giving them an edge on those who have competed before them.
Besides changes to strokes and pool structure, swimsuits became smaller and tighter than studies of hydrodynamics became more advanced. Scientists got to work to develop the most hydrodynamic suits possible to aid athletes, desperately trying to keep up with the growing demand for technology and engineering in the swimming world. At first, because the suits' material was more drag creating than human skin, it was better to have more skin exposed. Then, as technology advanced, companies began experimenting with different materials that were, in fact, better than human skin at cutting through water with the most speed. The suits that are used today such as the Speedo LZR X and LZR Elite are a blend of nylon and lycra. From personal experience they take about 20 minutes to put on, are worn anywhere from three to six sizes smaller than a practice suit, and are generally suffocating. However, their effectiveness in enhancing speed in undeniably shown on the clock every time the knee length suits are put on for races. This technological revolution started with the invention of nylon. Speedo came out with several designs of high tech suits meant to reduce drag for the swimmers starting with the release of the S2000 in 1992. Then, only four years later, Speedo developed that into the Aquablade which was worn by 77% of all gold medalists in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics. Finally, In 2000, Speedo came out with their Fastskin, a lycra based suit that is specially designed to mimic a shark's skin, slicing through water and reducing drag. This revolutionary technology was heavily criticised by competing companies for its legality, but the decision was up to FINA. The Federation Internacionale de Natation (FINA) is the governing body for swimming. They are in charge of overseeing international standards for the sport, while also regulating the technological improvements and innovations made to make sure no swimmer has an unfair advantage. FINA had approved both of Speedo's nylon based swimsuits, but their decision to allow full length lycra Fastskins was a bit tougher. At the time, the FINA rule book stated, “No swimmer shall be permitted to use or wear any device that may aid his speed, buoyancy or endurance during a competition.” Critics argued that the Fastskin technology's ability to direct water around the swimmer constituted a device, and the tight compression that artificially reduces muscle vibrations aided the muscular endurance of the swimmers. FINA, however, allowed the Fastskin to be used in the 2000 Sydney Olympic games where 83% of world record breakers were wearing the new high tech suits. This decision unleashed a technological beast that would change the sport of swimming and make it unclear whether athletes are truly getting faster. Speedo took FINA's approval of the Fastskin as the go ahead to keep experimenting with new materials. In 2008 they came out with their LZR Racer, a 50% polyurethane full body supersuit that is undoubtedly fast. In 2009, 100% polyurethane suits were introduced such as the Italian Jaked J01 and Adidas Hydrofoil which caused times to drop further (Craik). It has been found that the full bodysuits released in 2000 increased performance in men's freestyle races by up to 1.4%, the introduction of partial polyurethane suits in 2008 enhanced speed by 3.5%, and by 2009, the suits were helping the swimmers by up to 5.5% (Foster). Arena, a competitor of Speedo, denounced it as “technological doping,” for in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, an unusually high number of new world records were set and within a year of its release, a total of 130 had been broken (Craik).
Swimming was becoming more about the technology than the swimmers wearing it. After much criticism and debate, FINA unanimously agreed that any full body or polyurethane suit would be illegal, however the records broken while wearing the suits would still stand (Craik). FINA clarified their rule book to disqualify any “device or swimsuit” that aided in speed, it now also states that suits may only be made from “textile materials” (FINA Swimming Rules). Some argue that FINA intentionally keeps their regulations vague to promote technological advancements. Australian swim coach Forbes Carlile states, “All FINA sees is the glamour and world records. They see themselves as entrepreneurs, not as the custodians of the sport” (Craik). If FINA were to better regulate technology, there would be a much better way to account for the value and fairness of world records. However it would then be possible that humans could reach their peak of performance and eventually stop breaking records. In which case, who would want to watch the Olympics?
Today, Michael Phelps holds the world record for the 100 meter butterfly, but where is the line drawn between being the fastest in history and wearing the best technology in history? In 2008 he competed while wearing a specially designed full bodysuit, cap and goggles, pushing off of a technologically brilliant starting block into a pool perfected for wave reduction. He won gold in all eight of his events leaving behind seven new world records and one Olympic record. In the 1972 Munich Olympics, Mark Spitz competed with no cap, no shaved legs or head, no goggles, no specially designed blocks, no deep, cold, guttered pool, and definitely no technology in his loose fitting, brief suit. He also won gold in all seven of his events, and left behind a world record in every one. Michael Phelps and Mark Spitz are arguably the two best American swimmers in history, yet Phelps swam the 100 meter butterfly in 50.54 seconds, while Spitz went a 54.27 (Olympic Games). In a sport where hundredths of seconds determine wins and losses, four seconds is a lot of time. However, considering the technological advances that Phelps reaps the advantages of, is it even fair to compare the two athletes? It is like comparing apples to oranges. Phelps swam under completely different conditions, so it is no surprise that he is significantly faster than Spitz ever was. It is FINA's allowal of such drastic changes to the sport that feed the breaking of world records.
Athletes, however, are training harder and smarter than ever before. Studies of nutrition and exercise throughout the twentieth century have guided swimmers to perfect their bodies for speed. These bodies have also become incredibly specialized and designed for specific sports, especially swimming. Michael Phelps is equipped with a large torso to carry himself through the water like a boat, unusually long arms, and huge, paddle like hands and feet (Epstein). Phelps never misses a day of practice and has learned to push his body past his mental limits. His athleticism is undeniable. Therefore, it would be unfair to strip him of the fame he deserves as an incredible Olympic athlete. It is very possible that if they competed under the same conditions, Michael Phelps could have beaten Mark Spitz purely out of strength and skill without any aid from technology. In that case, Phelps would be undoubtedly deserving of the titles and records he holds, but there is no real way to compare the two. It is impossible to say that one is truly faster than the other, and denouncing Spitz of his records simply because FINA has allowed the sport to evolve in irrevocable ways is unfair. Ultimately, considering the ways that technology aids athletes in the pool, the measurement of world records in determining the best swimmers in history is no longer credible.
The technological revolution that FINA has unleashed will allow athletes to push beyond the maximum human performance and possibly create a never- ending cycle of dropping time. It is necessary to inform the public that there is more to breaking world records than just skill and athleticism, and that it is completely unfair to compare athletes from different generations. The changes to swimming that have allowed swimmers to continue to drop time have devalued world records, for the line between greatness in speed and greatness in technology has forever been blurred.
Works Cited
Craik, Jennifer. “The Fastskin Revolution: From Human Fish to Swimming Androids.” Culture Unbound, e-book. Originally published in Culture Unbound, vol. 3, 2011, pp. 71-82.
Epstein, David. “Are Athletes Really Getting Faster, Better, Stronger?” TED2014, Mar. 2014. Lecture.
“FINA Swimming Rules.” FINA, 21 Sept. 2017, www.fina.org/sites/default/fil es/ 2017_2021_swimming_16032018.pd f.
Foster, Leon, et al. “Influence of Full Body Swimsuits on Competitive Performance.” Elsevier, vol. 34, 2012, pp. 712-17. ScienceDirect, doi:10.1016/2012.04.121.
Olympic Games. International Olympic Committee, 2018, www.olympic.org.
About Evelyn Pickett
Evelyn Pickett is a junior at Oakton High School in Vienna, Virginia, where she has been a two sport varsity athlete for the past three years. She has been swimming since she was 4, at first for the Oakton Otters (NVSL), then more recently year round for Machine Aquatics. She swims for OHS where she has competed in the VA 6A State Championship meet for three years and has been elected co-captain for the 2018-19 season. Although she loves swimming, lacrosse is what she is most passionate about. She is a member of the Oakton Varsity girls lacrosse team and has been a co-captain for the past two years. She plays lacrosse year round and is verbally committed to play at the D1 level for the United States Military Academy- West Point class of 2023.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "10","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Montgomery's One Place Family Justice Center is the recipient of a near half-million dollar gr ant from the U.S. Department of Justice.
Wednesday Governor Kay Ivey approved the gr ant, administered by the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs, to provide assistance to victims of domestic violence in Montgomery County.
The gr ant will be used to expand the free, professional services available to domestic violence victims here in Montgomery.
Kaye Harris, the Executive Director of the center told WSFA 12 News, “All of the different services, people who provide services for victims of domestic violence in this county and the other six outlying counties are co-located in this facility, so we all work together. When we applied for the funding we asked that the Family Sunshine Center, legal services of Alabama and the district attorney's officer, who are already providing services here, we ask that they continue that subcontract with us and provide some new staff in those programs.”
In approving the gr ant, Ivey commended the work at One Place saying, "Having the right personnel in place can make all the difference in the lives of those who have just been through something horrific."
Officials say it will allow the center to assist 950 victims over the next year. One Place Family Justice Center is a central location where victims can come and get help from agencies across the river region.
Copyright 2017 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
Share:
WASHINGTON - US President Donald Trump said on Tuesday that talks with North Korea were "going well" as US officials seek to reach an agreement with Pyongyang over a denuclearization plan following last month's summit between Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
The White House has characterized ongoing meetings as positive but not commented on recent news reports of US intelligence assessments saying North Korea has been expanding its weapons capabilities.
In a Twitter post, Trump said that North Korea has conducted "no Rocket Launches or Nuclear Testing in 8 months."
On Monday, the White House said US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo would travel to North Korea this week to continue talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
A US delegation met over the weekend with North Korean counterparts at the border between North and South Korea to discuss the next steps to implementing the June 12 summit's declaration, according to the US State Department.
"Many good conversations with North Korea-it is going well!" Trump said in his Twitter post, echoing his sentiments following the historic meeting with Kim in Singapore.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo heads back to North Korea this week to flesh out the bare bones nuclear agreement between President Donald Trump and Chairman Kim Jong-un.
Pompeo will leave Washington on Thursday for Pyongyang at the start of a round-the-world diplomatic mission that will bring him to Brussels and a key NATO summit, officials said.
Trump has boasted that a statement he signed with Kim in Singapore last month resolved the old foes' nuclear stand-off, but Pompeo has been tasked with nailing down details.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders refused to confirm or deny reports that Kim's regime has stepped up its nuclear program since the Trump summit, rather than beginning to disarm.
"To continue the ongoing and important work of denuclearization on the Korean peninsula, Secretary Pompeo will be leaving for North Korea on July 5 to meet with the leader and the team," she said.
"I think a number of things have happened. One, in the last eight months you haven't seen missile launches," she added, referring to North Korea 's former habit of provocatively testing ballistic missiles
"You haven't seen nuclear detonations. And again, these conversations are continuing to evolve. I'm not going to get into the details but I can tell you that progress continues to be made."
The State Department said Pompeo would leave North Korea on Saturday for Tokyo and on Sunday hold talks on the crisis and regional issues with both Japanese and South Korean officials.
On Sunday he will carry on to Hanoi for talks with the Vietnamese government and the week after continue on to the Emirati capital Abu Dhabi before arriving in Brussels on July 10.
There he will accompany Trump to the two-day NATO summit and meet European officials to discuss energy policy.
ISLAMABAD, Oct 6 (APP): The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB)
Friday announced 15-member ODI squad for the five-match ODI series against Sri Lanka beginning from October 13 to October 23 in the UAE.
The national selection committee headed by Inzamam ul Haq
after consultation with head coach Mickey Arthur and captain Sarfraz Ahmed, said a PCB press release issued here.
Inzamam said the Champions Trophy team has been retained except Azhar Ali, who has been rested for the ODI series to gain full fitness.
“Imam ul Haq has been selected in the squad keeping his
performance in the domestic circuit and to give a chance to a youngster in the home conditions,” he said.
The squad includes Ahmed Shehzad, Fakhar Zaman, Mohammad Hafeez, Babar Azam, Shoaib Malik, Sarfraz Ahmed (Captain), Imad Wasim, Shahdab Khan, Faheem Ashraf, Hasan Ali, Mohammed Amir, Ruman
Raees, Junaid Khan, Haris Sohail and Imam ul Haq.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
ISLAMABAD - Waqas Mehboob and Syed Ali Bokhari registered upset victories in the $25,000 President Gold Cup International Squash Championship 2017 main qualifying round matches, as they stunned Bilal Zakir and Abbas Shoukat respectively here at Mushaf Squash Complex on Sunday.
Waqas was playing against former Asian Junior Team championship winner Bilal Zakir, while Ali was up against Abbas. Ali must consider himself lucky to get second chance, as once a qualifier remained absent and then Asim Khan was promoted to main round, so he got another opportunity, which he took from both hands. In the first encounter of the day, Waqas simply outclassed Bilal, who looked highly upset with referee's decisions and also twice got conduct warning in the third game and a conduct stroke was also given against him for continuous protests and showing decent.
Waqas took only 7 minutes to take the first game 11-4 while in the second game, Bilal simply outclassed struggling Bilal, who looked highly agitated and frustrated with chair referee Munawar Zaman's decisions and thrice opened the door and wanted to know what was going on, but Munawar asked him to play instead of wasting time. Waqas took the game 11-8 in 14 minutes. Bilal started the third game on a positive note and raced onto to take 3-0 lead, but once again some close calls went against him, which was too difficult for Bilal to handle. He looked aggressive and wanted to know what kind of refereeing had been going on, upon that Munawar gave Bilal conduct warning and immediately gave conduct stroke against him. Bilal lost patience and just threw away the game, as Waqas took the third game 11-6 to complete outstanding victory in 32 minutes and set final qualifying round match against Israr Ahmed.
In another match of the day, Ali Bokhari beat Abbas Shoukat 3-1 in 40 minutes of top class squash. Ali took the first game 11-6 with utmost ease, but Abbas then bounced back in style and took the second game 11-4. After playing so well, Abbas then gave too much liberty to Ali, who was looking tired and was hardly able to move freely, but both missed golden opportunities to finish of the game. It was Ali, who finally prevailed and took the game 12-10.
Once again, a tough battle was witnessed in the fourth game. Abbas was leading 6-3 and then 8-5, but Ali never lost hope and kept on pilling pressure on Abbas, and his determination and passion paid off, as he first level the game at 8-8 and then took 10-8 lead. Abbas saved one match point before Ali finished him off to take the game 11-9 to move a step closer to main round. In the other encounters of the day, Zahir Shah beat M Shoaib Hassan 3-1, 10-12, 11-7, 11-5, 11-6, Ismail Rauf beat M Farhan 3-1, 11-5, 13-15, 11-5, 11-8, Waqar Mehboob beat Kashif Asif 3-0, 11-2, 11-3, 11-9, Faraz Muhammad beat Raees Khan 3-2, 8-11, 11-7, 12-10, 4-11, 11-7, Sadam Ul Haq beat Kuwaiti Ahmad Al Mudhaf 3-0, 11-7, 11-4, 11-9. In the last encounter of the day, Israr Ahmad beat Zeeshan Khan 3-1. Israr won the first game 11-8, lost the second 9-11, won the third 11-9 and then fourth 11-4 to win the match. Today (Monday), four players will join 12 others in the first round.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Florida coach Jim McElwain didn't hesitate when asked if troubled receiver Antonio Callaway is running out of chances following his third off-the-field issue in the past 20 months.
"Absolutely," McElwain said on Monday. "The one thing I will do is I'll continue to help. I'll continue to be there. I'll continue to support. But obviously the consequences, you make your own bed, man."
Callaway was one of seven Florida players suspended Sunday from team activities and the season opener against Michigan. The players reportedly purchased items at the campus bookstore with their student identification cards, which didn't have sufficient funds for the transactions, and later sold the items for cash. Keivonnis Davis, Richerd Desir-Jones, James Houston, Ventrell Miller, Jordan Smith and Kadeem Telfort also were suspended for their roles in the scheme.
McElwain said he was "very disappointed" with the players' decisions, adding that paying restitution would be part of the reinstatement process.
"Obviously any time there are choices made, you got to make up for whatever happened," McElwain said. "These guys are doing that."
Callaway's involvement might be the most alarming given his recent stumbles.
Antonio Callaway, the Florida Gators' top playmaker, has 11 touchdowns in two seasons. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
The junior from Miami was cited for marijuana possession in May while he was a passenger in a car with Kendrick Williams, a 40-year-old Gainesville man with a history of criminal charges. Callaway pleaded no contest to possession of drug paraphernalia last month and was fined $301.
McElwain said Callaway had been making progress -- until this latest incident.
"I'm telling you, man, when you talk about the disappointment ... I saw these strides, right, and then sometimes you take a step back," McElwain said. "Yet I'm sure he's not the only one that's done that, and yet it's my responsibility to keep teaching."
Callaway also was accused of sexual assault in January 2016, prompting the university to suspend him for the spring semester while the incident was investigated. Callaway eventually was found not responsible during a student code of conduct hearing, but acknowledged under oath that he was high on marijuana at the time of the alleged assault.
There's little doubt that Callaway's talent has kept him on the team through all his troubles. The team's top playmaker has 89 receptions for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns in two seasons. He also has returned three kicks for scores, two on punts and another on a kickoff.
Editor's Picks Florida suspends 7 for opener vs. Michigan Preseason No. 16 Florida will be short-handed when it faces No. 9 Michigan in the season opener at AT&T Stadium.
McElwain said Callaway was internally disciplined following the marijuana citation this spring and now has been publicly punished, albeit for only one game.
McElwain said suspending Callaway and the others for the Sept. 2 opener was a significant penalty because of the venue.
"It's interesting when you think about even my disappointment ... and yet it's guys that made choices and what do you do? You take something away that really means something to them," McElwain said. "In this case, their ability to not be around the team. They're obviously not going to be able to play in one of the great places on national television.
"Those are things that hurt. ... That's an important lesson."
An organized crime group specialized in money laundering, whose members were active in France, Belgium, the Netherlands and Morocco, has been dismantled.
An investigative judge at the Court of Marseille had been investigating since 2015 the activities of this complex structure involved in transporting the proceeds from drug trafficking, and estimated that at least EUR 300 million had already been laundered. The drugs were sold in France, where the profits were collected and then transported to Belgium and the Netherlands. The criminals' modus operandi involved the use of cash couriers traveling by car, who would pick up the proceeds from drug trafficking throughout Western Europe (with a collection rate of more than EUR 1 million per month) and transport the cash to Belgium and the Netherlands. The cash was there laundered to Morocco via the Middle East using unregulated financial channels (the Hawala system), leaving no trail for law enforcement investigators.
Europol employed mobile offices to assist national authorities during the action in late November, which was conducted by 450 police officers; 36 arrests took place simultaneously in France, Belgium and the Netherlands.
Authorities seized more than EUR 2,622,000 in France, EUR 2,800,000 in Belgium and EUR 85,000 in the Netherlands, in addition to drugs, including 20 kg of cocaine in the Netherlands, a quantity of gold worth EUR 800,000, eight cars in Belgium, three semi-automatic weapons (one in France, one in Belgium, one in the Netherlands) and ammunition.
VANDALIA — The Vandalia Rotary Club celebrated its 60th anniversary with special proclamations last Thursday during its normal meeting time.
The club held its first meeting on March 7, 1958 at Butler High School and its first president was Charles Rowley.
Ohio Governor John Kasich and Lt. Governor Mary Taylor congratulated the club on its milestone.
“Throughout the past six decades, you have made a remarkable difference in the Vandalia area by volunteering your time and resources to changing lives in your community and around our state,” Kasich wrote. “Your efforts have made our state a better place to live, work, and raise a family and we thank you for the positive impact you have had.”
Ohio Representative Mike Henne (R-40) echoed those sentiments along with Ohio Speaker of the House Clifford Rosenberger.
“All those associated with the Rotary Club of Vandalia are to be commended for their foresight, dedication, and selfless donations of time, energy, and ability far beyond what was required,” they wrote.
Vandalia Mayor Arlene Setzer declared March to be Vandalia Rotary 60th Anniversary Month.
“We are grateful for the many contributions of our local Rotarians who have offered leadership, service, and monetary assistance to our community for 60 years,” said Setzer.
A PowerPoint presentation recalled many of the club's projects over the years such as dictionary donations to third graders, donations to Aullwood Audubon Farm, Cub Scouts, neighborhood beautification, Hurricane Katrina collections, and the Rotary Bridge that connects the Vandalia Art Park and the grounds of the Historical Society of Vandalia-Butler.
In a reminder of our society's not so distant past, the presentation also included an article in the Drummer News' predecessor publication, the Crossroads Chronicle, in which an honorary member of the club, Marj Hildebrand, the editor and publisher of the Chronicle, could not remain as an honorary member because of a vote by Rotary International to continue excluding women.
Ms. Hildebrand was welcome to continue attending meetings, but the controversy carried significant weight with the article noting that the “District Governor gave us a hard time…We argued for an hour, but no use.”
Fast forward to 2018 and women are not only full members, but many serve on the club's board of directors.
Rotary Assistant District Governor Deborah Dulaney presented Vandalia Rotary President Brad Neavin a proclamation from Ohio Representative Mike Henne (R-40) and Speaker of the House Clifford Rosenberger in recognition of the club's 60th anniversary. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/03/web1_Rotary2-1.jpg Rotary Assistant District Governor Deborah Dulaney presented Vandalia Rotary President Brad Neavin a proclamation from Ohio Representative Mike Henne (R-40) and Speaker of the House Clifford Rosenberger in recognition of the club's 60th anniversary. Photo by Darrell Wacker | AIM Media Midwest District Governor Mark Mabelitini presented Vandalia Rotary President Brad Neavin a proclamation from Ohio Governor John Kasich and Lt. Governor Mary Taylor in recognition of the club's 60th anniversary. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/03/web1_Rotary3-1.jpg District Governor Mark Mabelitini presented Vandalia Rotary President Brad Neavin a proclamation from Ohio Governor John Kasich and Lt. Governor Mary Taylor in recognition of the club's 60th anniversary. Photo by Darrell Wacker | AIM Media Midwest Vandalia Mayor Arlene Setzer presnted a proclamation declaring March Vandalia Rotary 60th Anniversary Month to Rotary Club President Brad Neavin. http://www.vandaliadrummernews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/19/2018/03/web1_Rotary1-1.jpg Vandalia Mayor Arlene Setzer presnted a proclamation declaring March Vandalia Rotary 60th Anniversary Month to Rotary Club President Brad Neavin. Photo by Darrell Wacker | AIM Media Midwest
By Darrell Wacker dwacker@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @VandaliaDrummer.
Reach Darrell Wacker at (937) 684-8983 or on Twitter @VandaliaDrummer.
Netflix's 2015 hit crime documentary series Making a Murderer investigated the slaughter of a young woman named Teresa Halbach. Specifically, its filmmakers questioned whether the two suspected killers, Steven Avery and his nephew Brendan Dassey, had been wrongly convicted as a result of a series of legal errors on the part of police and the prosecution.
As a result of the doubt cast on the conviction, Judge William Duffin took a closer look into Dassey's case. In 2016, he ruled that Dassey's confession to the murder — which ultimately sealed his conviction — had been coerced by officials, and ordered Dassey to be immediately freed from prison. Now, following a request for a state review, that decision has been overturned by the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals.
Upholding the original conviction verdict, judges voted 4-3 that Dassey's confession was in fact voluntary. The court seemed to disregard previous points made, including one about Dassey's age at the time of the confession (16 years old) and his so-called “intellectual deficits” which may have affected his behavior. Dassey is set to remain behind bars unless another appeal is filed.
Despite (or perhaps because of) the legal hoopla following the series' initial run, Netflix has green lit a second season of Making A Murderer.
Revisit a trailer for season one below:
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — AAA is offering a free ride home to prevent alcohol-related deaths during Super Bowl weekend.
The program, Tow to Go, started Friday and runs through 6 a.m. on Monday.
Free and confidential rides are available to people who aren't members to the service during the designated times. A tow truck will transport drivers and their vehicles home or to a safe destination within 10 miles of their location.
To get a ride, call 855.280.9246.
The service will also be available on the following dates:
March 16 to 6 a.m. on March 18
May 4 to 6 a.m. May 6
May 25 to 6 a.m. on May 29
July 3 to 6 a.m. on July 5
Aug. 31 to 6 a.m. on Sept. 4
Oct. 31 to 6 a.m. on Nov. 1
Nov. 21 to 6 a.m. Nov. 25
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Authorities find marijuana operation aboard Sanibel boat
There was trouble growing right under neighbor's noses on Sanibel Island.
Jurgen Ebenhoeh woke up to the smell of gasoline. When he went to investigate, he found it was coming from the houseboat docked two doors down.
“And then I was talking to my neighbor and he smelled it also and then we called the police,” Ebenhoeh said.
When Sanibel Police arrived to investigate the smell of gas, they say they encountered another smell coming from inside the boat.
After an investigation, police found more than 25 marijuana plants, drug paraphernalia and Xanax pills.
Police arrested 34-year-old Erik James Brown on charges of drug trafficking.
“That is quite surprising. I saw a police officer here but had no idea about the seriousness of the operation. I'm just glad nobody was dead,” said neighbor Ty Symroski.
Ebenhoeh says he had a feeling someone was living on the boat, but never even considered the possibility that drugs were being grown inside.
“I saw some people going in and going out in the night. Sometimes we have been disturbed in the night because somebody was there,” Ebenhoeh said. “I did not imagine this. Of course not.”
He says he's relieved the police caught the operation before it grew out of control.
“I feel very good the police came immediately. And I feel very safe,” Ebenhoeh said.
Brown is in custody at the Lee County Jail. He's facing charges of marijuana trafficking in excess of 25 pounds. His trial is scheduled for April 23.
Reporter: Oliver Redsten
Writer: Erica Brown
Mozilla-backed Cliqz, a German startup building an anti-tracking browser with a built-in private search feature powered by aggregated usage of its products, is acquiring the consumer assets of ad-tracker privacy tool and browser extension Ghostery. Terms of the all-cash deal have not been disclosed.
“By combining algorithmic and blocklist anti-tracking approaches, Cliqz and Ghostery will together further raise the benchmark in privacy protection,” Cliqz writes in a press release announcing the move.
Cliqz is acquiring Ghostery's anti-tracking browser extensions and mobile apps, meaning it will be gaining the latter's 10 million active users — hoping that will help spur international growth.
It's not acquiring the company outright. Parent company Ghostery Inc, which is reverting to its prior name Evidon, will continue in what is described as an “enterprise-focused digital governance businesses” — focused on privacy compliance, including for ad industry groups wanting to adhere to the self-regulatory AdChoices program, but also for tracking compliance with compulsory privacy rules.
New York-based Evidon claims it's seeing increased demand for its b2b digital governance services, pointing to incoming privacy regulations — such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which will bring in steeper fines for data breaches when it comes into force in 2018 — as spurring corporates to take a closer look at their processes.
“The EU's GDPR in particular has catalyzed the need for digital governance and clients are approaching us with an increasing set of demands,” said Scott Meyer, CEO & co-founder in a statement.
Evidon will continue to be fed aggregated anonymous tracking data from opt-in users of the Cliqz-operated Ghostery products (which will also continue as standalones, as before, via the suite of browser extensions and Ghostery Android and iOS mobile apps). “This deal will ensure that clients retain access to Ghostery data about trackers, and enable Evidon to focus exclusively on the significantly growing B2B market,” added Meyer.
The combined algorithmic and blocklist anti-tracking approaches will be merged by Cliqz into a new tech that will be implemented across both Ghostery-branded and Cliqz-branded products. Cliqz reckons the combined tech will “improve website loading time by blocking common trackers and protect users from increasingly aggressive data gathering methods”.
At this point Cliqz has about 1M monthly active users via its Firefox extension and standalone desktop and mobile browsers.
And while it's been mostly focused on German-speaking markets to date, it's actively stepping up efforts to grow beyond that — recently launching a beta version of its browser in France, and with designs on a US launch in the near future (it says it's also added beta support for US-English for its quick-search feature).
Cliqz says it's hoping ownership of Ghostery's assets will help it accelerate its products into other markets. “We plan to launch in the US and some Western European markets soon,” says a spokesman. “The Ghostery acquisition will be a big help. Ghostery users around the world can opt-in to contribute anonymous statistical data via our Human Web technology.
“We will use this data to build web indexes for other countries/languages, so that our core product Cliqz quick-search will be able to support other markets quickly.”
Of US-English quick-search results, he adds: “The quality of the US search results will be satisfying at the start and with the help of Human Web quickly will improve quickly to reach the same level as in German.”
He also confirmed Ghostery's former parent will not have direct access to Ghostery generated user data, going forward. “Ghostery users will be able to contribute data voluntarily and strictly anonymously to Cliqz,” he said, noting that the data collection process in Ghostery products will be changed to Cliqz's Human Web technology (i.e. its aggregated, anonymized data collection process).
“Human Web is built on privacy-by-design-principles. It rules out that any PII [personally identifiable information] is stored on Cliqz's or Ghostery's servers,” he adds. “Cliqz will provide Evidon with a subset of the data that enables Evidon to continue their B2B services.
“Basically, Evidon will only get aggregated data about trackers (a “map of trackers“). Which trackers are on a website? How prevalent is the tracker in the web? No information about users whatsoever. Cliqz and Ghostery will never share any data about individual users with anyone. (Even if we wanted, we wouldn't be able to, as we don't store any.)”
Cliqz has previously discussed its plans to monetize this pro-privacy approach and usage of its free, anti-tracking browser and search products via a companion Cliqz Offers app — that will be designed to broadcast all offers to all users so Cliqz does not need to track individuals' browsing habits to power ad targeting. Rather tracking of browsing habits occurs locally, on a user's device, allowing for the tech to display pertinent offers to users without Cliqz itself needing to be party to its users' browsing behavior.
The Cliqz Offers app has not launched yet, but the spokesman noted it is now working with its first pilot customers to launch their first campaigns — saying a soft launch is coming soon and the official launch is planned for later this year.
As well as hoping the acquisition of the Ghostery consumer business will boost Cliqz global user-base, Cliqz says it's negotiating with other potential partners, naming entities such as anti-virus companies and mobile carriers as those it's seeking to work with to try to raise its profile.
The Munich-based startup has been majority-owned by international media and tech company Hubert Burda Media since 2013.
The Presidential Election is scheduled for 17 July. The incumbent Pranab Mukherjee's term will end on 24 July. As is now usual with Presidential elections, both the ruling coalition and the opposition parties have started negotiations to prop up a candidate who has a shot at winning. The calculations and the numbers which go into the Presidential election are complicated owing to the system used which incorporates proportional representation by means of single transferable vote.
The Opposition parties met on Wednesday to try to arrive at a consensus on a candidate. The leaders including Ghulam Nabi Azad and Mallikarjun Kharge from the Congress, JD-U's Sharad Yadav, RJD's Lalu Prasad, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury and NCP's Praful Patel, Derek O'Brien of the TMC, RS Bharathi of the DMK, Ram Gopal Yadav of the SP and Satish Chandra Misra from the BSP were present for the meeting.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) was kept out of the Opposition discussions to identify a presidential candidate after the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party struck down a proposal for the same, reported Times of India. The proposal to include AAP had been moved by CPM general secretary Sitaram Yechury and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee in the last meeting in May attended by 17 opposition parties. It was shot down in Wednesday's meeting by NCP chief Sharad Pawar and Congress' Ghulam Nabi Azad, who cited the objectionable conduct of some AAP members as the reason for keeping them out of the discussions.
The BJP on the other hand has formed a three-member committee comprising Union ministers Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley and M Venkaiah Naidu for holding consultations with the NDA allies and the Opposition on the issue.
The committee has made overtures towards the Congress, CPM and other parties to start a consultation exercise. Indian Express reported that Naidu sent word to Congress president Sonia Gandhi and CPM general secretary Sitaram Yechury to initiate consultations. He also spoke to Praful Patel of the NCP and Satish Chandra Mishra of the BSP to fix up meetings with their party supremos: Sharad Pawar and Mayawati respectively.
The report further said that the NDA candidate will file the nomination papers on 23 June in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The Opposition is expected to announce its joint candidate after 20 June, with the filing of nominations taking place around 24 June. At the Opposition strategy meeting, sources said, RJD chief Lalu Prasad and Yechury argued that they should field a candidate at any cost as it was an “ideological and political fight” against the BJP.
The NDA candidate
Sources say that Modi could give the nation it's first dalit-tribal duo for the posts of president and vice-president. The names of Kariya Munda, a former deputy speaker from Jharkhand, and Thawar Singh Gehlot, social justice minister in Modi's cabinet and a Dalit leader from Madhya Pradesh are said to be leading candidates for the NDA. Jharkhand governor Draupadi Murmu is also in the fray for the post.
The other candidate who could land the post is current External Affairs Minister, Sushma Swaraj. News18 said that Swaraj meets all criteria laid down by the BJP top brass in addition to having the endorsement of the Sangh. Her name will figure in Friday's talks between the NDA and the Opposition to build consensus ahead of the presidential elections. Swaraj is also the hot favourite because she could pull in votes from a few regional parties. Leaders like Mamata Banerjee and Naveen Patnaik will find it difficult to oppose her, according to a top BJP leader.
The Opposition candidate
Former West Bengal governor and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopalkrishna Gandhi is reportedly the leading candidate for the Opposition. He is a retired IAS officer and diplomat. The Left parties in particular are said to be in favour of Gandhi. "We are thinking of proposing the name of Gopalkrishna Gandhi. He does not have an affiliation to any political party," sources in the Left parties said.
They added that the parties would also have no objection if JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav was picked as a candidate. "If Sharad Yadav's name comes up, we will have no objection. He is a senior Opposition leader... a man of integrity and honesty," a Left leader said on the condition of anonymity.
Potential candidates who have ruled themselves out
India Today said that the Shiv Sena had proposed the name of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat for presidential candidate. According to Times of India, Sena considers Bhagwat the "most appropriate choice for the Rashtrapati's office if India is to be turned into a Hindu Rashtra,". However, Bhagwat has clarified that he is not in the race. While the Sena has not supported NDA's candidate in the last two elections, Amit Shah will meet Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday to seek his support for the NDA candidate
Similarly, NDTV reported that Sonia Gandhi had requested Sharad Pawar of the NCP to stand for President but Pawar had ruled himself out as he felt that the opposition parties did not have the numbers to get their candidate elected.
Six candidates have already filed their nominations
On 14 June, the Election Commission had issued the notification for the presidential poll. On the first day, six nominations were received which included K Padmarajan from Salem in Tamil Nadu, who has earned the moniker of 'Election King' by contesting more than 150 elections. His name figures in the Limca Book of Records for being the "most unsuccessful candidate".
Padmarajan has contested against political bigwigs like J Jayalalithaa, M Karunanidhi, AK Anthony, PV Narasimha Rao, KR Narayanan, SM Krishna, Manmohan Singh (in Rajya Sabha polls) and President Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election.
Others who filed their nominations were Anand Singh Kushwaha from Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, A Bala Raj from Mahbubnagar in Telangana, Saira Bano Patel from Mumbai, Abdul Hamid Patel from Mumbai, and Kondekar Vijayprakash from Pune in Maharashtra.
With inputs from agencies
Finance Reporter
Rawalpindi
To equip the youth of Gilgit Baltistan with the latest technical education and enable them to play due role in the ongoing China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), National Logistics Cell (NLC) has established Applied Technologies Institute (ATIN) at Gilgit in collaboration with Government of Gilgit Baltistan and Force Command Northern Areas (FCNA).
Classes in ATIN Gilgit will commence shortly as spacious building has been completed as NLC is in the process of hiring highly trained and experienced faculty members in civil, mechanical and electrical technologies for the institute whereas modern equipment for training of youth of the northern areas has already been procured.
NLC is successfully running ATINs at Mandra, Dina, Amangarh and Khairpur that have hugely contributed to the skill development of youth particularly those belonging to less developed areas of the country.
The institutes are affiliated with National Training Bureau (NTB) and National Vocational and Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC), Govt of Pakistan. More than 50,000 students have been trained in these institutes who are serving in Pakistan as well as in the Middle East sending much needed foreign exchange to Pakistan.
It merits mention here that the ongoing and future projects of CPEC require substantial pool of skilled human resource at execution and operation phases. ATIN Gilgit by imparting requisite technical education to the students of Gilgit Baltistan will enable them to get fair share of jobs being created by the game changer project.
La Coop fédérée, an agri-food cooperative with operations across Canada, has announced that it has purchased Standard Nutrition Canada (SNC), a Winnipeg-based company offering animal nutrition products and services, to integrate their activities into Western provinces.
Through this deal, La Coop fédérée's agri-business division will extend its animal nutrition activities that are already well established in Québec and the Maritimes. The division is also already present in Western Canada, in the crop production sector through its network of Agrico retailers.
"Standard Nutrition's top-of-the-line products and service are at par with our high standards in terms of quality and customer relationship," said Sébastien Léveillé, executive agri-business vice-president of La Coop fédérée. "We also share the same values when it comes to responsibility and solidarity toward the producers that we serve, in order to tailor our service to their needs. Furthermore, their strong presence in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba makes them a partner of choice to pursue our growth plan in Canada. We believe that by combining the findings from our world-class research program to Standard Nutrition's personalized approach and highest level of expertise, we will deliver even more value and innovation to our customers."
Standard Nutrition Canada's key management and sales teams will remain in position.
"For the past decade, working under the Standard Nutrition USA umbrella has allowed our company to become an integral part of the Western Canadian protein supply chain, recognized for its extremely high-touch, consultative sales approach that leverages the technical and operational expertise of our best-in-class team of nutrition consultants" said Jason McNaughton, president and general manager of Standard Nutrition Canada. "Partnering with La Coop fédérée, a true Canadian Ag Industry powerhouse, is now the occasion to kick-start our growth plan for the decade to come, with the mutual goal of supporting Canadian agricultural producers."
Establishments included in the sale are:
Feed processing and grain-handling facilities and retail store in Winnipeg, Manitoba
Retail store and warehouse in Brandon, Manitoba
Premix facility, warehouse and retail store in Lethbridge, Alberta
Retail stores, offices and warehouses in Red Deer, AB, and Swiftcurrent, SK.
U.S.-based Standard Nutrition assets and activities are excluded from the transaction.
Terms of the deal are not being disclosed.
To the editor: I'm a cyclist. Riding a bicycle is for many the most environmentally and financially responsible decision they can make. It also is a far healthier option than sitting behind a wheel for hours a week. More cyclists also mean fewer cars. (“L.A. reworks another ‘road diet,' restoring car lanes in Playa del Rey,” Oct. 3)
I understand that bike lanes are frustrating to drivers, but my question is this: What is their solution? Because simply reversing “road diets” and restoring vehicle lanes on streets with bikes lanes isn't a solution.
There is still a pressing issue of growing dangers for pedestrians and cyclists like myself. I've been hit before on Venice Boulevard, while following all laws, using hand signals and doing everything possible to be a responsible cyclist. I'm very lucky to be alive.
Since 2011, 77 cyclists have been killed in Los Angeles. I am curious why the lives of cyclists are worth less than the added time to the commutes of people who complain about road diets. I assume they are good people and would say the lives of cyclists are not worth less to them, so I ask again: What's their solution?
Samantha Mintz, Los Angeles
..
To the editor: For some years now, planners have attempted to use road diets to shift commuters in Los Angeles from using cars to other means of transportation. The goal is admirable, but the result is an environmental disaster.
The goal is based on the theory that people can readily shift to other ways of commuting. That is just plain not true. Los Angeles is an enormous, spread-out city with a limited amount of viable public transportation options. Biking is realistic only for the fit and the very brave.
So, road diets create simply more traffic congestion, more idling engines and more pollution.
Erica Hahn, Monrovia
..
To the editor: I am a regular cyclist who appreciates taking bike lanes around my little town of Playa del Rey to Marina del Rey.
But as a motorist too, I can promise you these bike lanes have not made driving here worse. Traffic was bad five years ago, and this will not change with the projected population growth in Los Angeles. Removing bike lanes will not improve traffic anywhere; in fact, the lanes help reduce the problem, as more cyclists means fewer cars.
I am from a state where bike lanes were instituted years ago. There was a learning curve, but people have since grown accustomed to sharing the road. I firmly believe that if L.A. implements more safe streets and improves bike safety, more people will find out how fun and healthful it is to ride bikes.
Gretchen Nordham, Playa del Rey
..
To the editor: The on-again, off-again bike lane fiasco in Playa del Rey reminds me of California's first attempt to create carpool lanes in 1976 by converting mixed-flow lanes on the Santa Monica Freeway to high-occupancy vehicle lanes.
That caused such an uproar that within a short period of time the carpool lanes were converted back to regular lanes. Now, when carpool lanes are added, they are the result of widening freeways to make room for new lanes, not trading regular lanes for carpool lanes.
The state obviously learned its lesson. The city of Los Angeles needs to do likewise.
John Allday, Newbury Park
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook
0
The action film Sleepless, starring Jamie Foxx as an undercover homicide detective seeking revenge on his son's kidnappers is available on Blu-ray, DVD and On Demand on April 18, with deleted scenes and a Making Of featurette that delves even deeper into the intense, fast-paced story. In the film, a heist goes wrong and a crew of homicidal gangsters, led by the unhinged and dangerous Novak (Scoot McNairy), kidnaps the teenage son of undercover police officer Vincent Downs (Foxx), who is trying to get his son back while evading an internal affairs investigation into a web of corrupt cops.
During this 1-on-1 interview with Collider, actor Scoot McNairy (who's amassing a wide array of varied and interesting to watch characters in his career) talked about the appeal of Sleepless, how much he enjoyed working with director Baran bo Odar, what inspired this bad-ass bad guy, and what stands out for him the most, when it comes to making the film. He also talked about how grateful he is to AMC for the opportunity to wrap up the story and characters in a final season of Halt and Catch Fire, the incredible experience of working with Noah Hawley for Season 3 of Fargo, the appeal of the Netflix Western mini-series Godless, and doing the Jody Hill comedy The Legacy of a Whitetail Deer Hunter.
Collider: Was playing a bad-ass guy, like this character, the appeal of doing a project like this?
SCOOT McNAIRY: It was a challenge and something I hadn't done before, to play someone this sick. That was part of the draw to it. Also, I had seen (director) Baran bo Odar's previous film, the German movie Who Am I, and I thought he did a really good job with it and that he's a really interesting filmmaker. That was part of the draw to it, as well.
What did you enjoy about working and collaborating with this director, Baran bo Odar?
McNAIRY: When you talk to him, he's like a kid in a candy store. He cracks a lot of jokes, and we have a lot of the same humor, so we really got along, in that regard. He's also just really talented. I really liked his pacing and his tone, and how he moved the camera around and the speed of it. He likes the pacing to be really fast. All of those aspects of his filmmaking are interesting to me, and I felt like I hadn't really done a film like that yet.
One of the things I really liked about this film is that it moves fast and it gets right to the point without any fat, at 90 minutes. Was that evident in the script, or did that come out of the editing?
McNAIRY: For sure, it was the way that [Baran bo Odar] intended to make the film. It wasn't necessarily that apparent in the script. However, when we were shooting it, you could tell based on how many cameras we were using and how many pieces of each shot he needed, that the thing was going to be cut together with a whole bunch of pieces, which usually means the film is going to be pretty choppy. It's definitely a summer action popcorn flick. It's a film for entertainment.
This guy is unquestionably a bad guy and a bad-ass. Did you have to get into a specific headspace for that, and did you take inspiration from anyone, in figuring out who this guy was?
McNAIRY: When I was trying to come up with whom the guy was, I talked to [Baran bo Odar] a lot about messing with the character on the page and the character that I wanted to play. Oddly and weirdly enough, I went to this car auction in Carmel one year, and there was this farmer next to me with a huge beard, drinking a bloody Mary, and he bid $800,000 on this ‘60s car. My point is that I based it off of that guy, and what if that guy was your dad. I thought about what it would be like to be his son, and then I went from there. And from talking about it so much, we incorporated the father character into the film.
Carrying such a high-powered gun must also inform the character and how you want to carry yourself while using it. Did you have to prepare to make sure you looked comfortable holding and using that?
McNAIRY: Sure. I grew up in Texas, so I was around a lot of guns, growing up as a kid, but absolutely, there are always people on set that are specialized in those fields, that help you out. And I'm always willing to listen to anyone who's there, offering any sort of advice.
When you think back to the production for this film and your time playing this character, are the moments that stand out the most for you, whether it was stuff that happened on set or things that happened when you weren't filming?
McNAIRY: Yeah, Sala [Baker], the guy standing next to me during the whole movie was making me drink juice. He's a big juicer, with natural juices. We were always cutting up about juicing. He would say, “No food, just juice.” So, I cut up a lot with him. We had a lot of good times, and a lot of good times outside of work.
You've had such an interesting and varied career. Is there anything specific that you look for, when it comes to possible projects or characters, or do you just feel very lucky?
Follow Viknesh Add to circle
Audi's next-generation A7 has been spotted in prototype form once again.
Though the latest prototype is still heavily masked, we can make out much of the design which shows a clear resemblance to Audi's Prologue concept first unveiled at the 2014 Los Angeles auto show.
Responsible for the look is current Audi design boss Marc Lichte. His aim with the next-gen A7 is to inject greater visual differentiation between the car and the mechanically-similar next-generation A6.
Audi Prologue concept, 2014 Los Angeles Auto Show Enlarge Photo
The recently redesigned A8 is the first model designed under Lichte's supervision. It goes on sale in 2018, as a 2019 model. Arriving shortly after will be redesigned versions of the A6 and A7. We hear the latter will be shown later this year.
All the cars will feature an imposing, hexagonal-shaped grille and chiseled surfaces. On the A7, the character lines remain just as intense as you move towards the rear where a Kammback tail, just like on the current A7, can be found. We can also see a partially extended rear wing that normally will sit flush with the bodywork.
The platform underpinning the car is the Volkswagen Group's MLB design which made its debut in the 2017 Q7. The new platform promises a significant reduction in weight as well as compatibility with more alternative powertrains.
The base engine should be a turbocharged 2.0-liter inline-4 delivering 252 horsepower and 273 pound-feet of torque. This unit made its debut in the 2017 A4. A plug-in hybrid A7 is also planned. Audi has also hinted at a fuel cell-equipped A7, though this model is now looking unlikely given the Volkswagen Group's focus on battery-powered electric cars.
The good news is that we'll also see sporty S7 and RS 7 models, most likely powered by turbocharged V-6 and V-8 engines, respectively. Prototypes for the S7 are testing alongside the A7, one of which is featured in the above video.
There will also be loads of new technologies to aid the driver. One of these will be a self-driving mode that can handle parking situations as well as driving in traffic at speeds of up to 37 mph. The system, known as Audi AI, has already appeared on the redesigned A8.
HOLLAND, Mich. (WOOD) — LG Chem Michigan Inc. is adding on to its Holland battery facility, creating as many as 150 new jobs.
The new 100,000 square-foot building will allow the manufacturer to meet the growing demand for battery packs and cells for electric vehicles with multiple assembly lines.
LG Chem plans to break ground on the new addition in March and be in the new building by August.
The addition is expected to create as many as 150 new jobs in Holland in the upcoming years, LG Chem said in a release.
The company makes battery cells and packs for electric vehicles including the 2017 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid and the 2017 Chevy Volt.
“The demand for our battery packs and cells continues to grow with the electrification of vehicles,” said LG Chem Michigan Nick Kassanos in a press release. “We're excited to keep expanding our facility and our team to maintain our leadership in this thriving industry.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
USC President C.L. Max Nikias, shown attending the university's commencement ceremony May 11, has agreed to step down. (Leon Bennett/Getty Images)
It would be a mistake to assume that the USC scandal was simply a matter of leaders at one university going rogue. In fact, it would be dangerous to think that. The departure of university President C.L. Max Nikias satisfies the call for accountability over accusations involving two USC doctors, but it does not begin to resolve a deeper affliction at the nation's colleges and universities: the unending pressure to raise the institutions' rankings and bring in more money.
The various college rankings are typically based heavily on fairly empty criteria. US News and World Report, which produces the best known and most closely watched rankings, heavily counts a school's reputation among other institutions' faculty and officials. And no matter how extraneous and silly we might find them, the rankings are inextricably linked to fundraising. Raising the rankings means happier alumni and more applicants; it means drawing more star professors, which in turn means more grant money, higher rankings, more applicants. It's part of why colleges send ridiculous numbers of marketing mailers to high school juniors and seniors. A higher number of applicants means a lower acceptance rate, which for some reason is considered a positive sign of a school's reputation.
Inevitably, reputation and money are at war with integrity. Things are going to go wrong at campuses, as they tend to do at large organizations. But being straightforward about a college scandal could mean sacrificing reputation, which means sacrificing rankings and applications and – you get it. That's a big part of why colleges were routinely under-reporting cases of sexual assault and brushing accusations aside. As long as they could be kept under wraps, they couldn't harm a school's reputation.
Related Coverage Grand Re-Opening at Mary Free Bed
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — Mary Free Bed Rehabilitation Hospital opened the Meijer Conference Center in its renovated professional building as a key part of the $66.4M expansion & renovation project.
The new conference center will be the largest area for gathering in the hospital thanks to a large donation from the Meijer foundation. It was named honoring philanthropist Frederick Meijer who was a founding member in the hospital's board in 1965.
The conference center will be used for clinical rounds and for education events for up to 175 people.
This is the third phase of the renovations to Mary Free Bed. The final phase includes renovations to the Mary Ives Hunting Center, that houses the Inn at Mary Free Bed. The Inn currently provides rooms for six families or patients needing housing and will be expanding to 22 rooms in late 2017.
Mary Free Bed is currently the fifth largest independent rehabilitation hospital in the United States thanks to recent renovations and expansions.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
SYDNEY - Former Test skipper Ricky Ponting has been appointed as an assistant coach to the Australia Twenty20 international squad for next month's series against Sri Lanka, Cricket Australia said Sunday.
Ponting, one of Australia's greatest batsmen, will work alongside the interim head coach Justin Langer and interim assistant coach Jason Gillespie during the three T20 internationals. The matches will be played in Melbourne (February 17), the Victorian provincial city of Geelong (February 20) and Adelaide (February 22).
The trio have been brought in with the core of the existing Australia support team in India ahead of a four-Test series at the same time as the T20 home series with Sri Lanka. Ponting led his country in the first-ever T20 international against New Zealand in 2005 before leading the national side in the first two editions of the ICC World T20 in 2007 and 2009.
He also coached the Mumbai Indians to the Indian Premier League title. "I always said when I retired that I wanted to get back involved and what better way to do it than alongside a couple of my best mates in cricket, Justin Langer and Jason Gillespie," Ponting said. "We have some incredible Twenty20 talent in this country and I can't wait to work with JL, Dizzy and those selected to have a real crack at doing special for Australia's Twenty20 international ambitions."
Ponting scored more than 27,000 international runs during a decorated international career that included playing in three ICC Cricket World Cup-winning sides in 1999, 2003 and 2007, the last two as captain in unbeaten campaigns.
Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times
Dodgers right fielder Yasiel Puig gets wild after sliding into third base past the tage of Diamondbacks third baseman Adam Rosales for a seventh inning triple in Game 1 of the NLDS at Dodger Stadium.
A persistent heat wave is gripping parts of the Northern Hemisphere and smashing weather records in Canada, the United States, Europe and the Middle East.
The scorching sun has brought deadly temperatures to some cities; in Montreal, 11 people have died in connection with the ongoing heat wave, according to city officials.
READ MORE: 11 dead in Montreal area as heat continues to envelope Eastern, Central Canada
“This has been a prolonged and intense heat event across Eastern Canada,” Global News meteorologist Ross Hull said. “This has been the hottest stretch of weather in more than a decade and record-high temperatures have been shattered, especially in Montreal where record-high temperatures dating back to 1963 were broken on July 1 and 2.”
Here is a look at the sweltering temperatures around the world.
WATCH: Maritime heatwave continues as humidex expected to reach 42
North America
A heat wave blanketing parts of Canada and the northeastern United States has prompted many cities to issue heat warnings and health officials have set up drop-in cooling centres.
In southern Ontario, the humidex in Ottawa on Canada Day was 47, the highest recorded for the city. On Monday, the heat and humidity made it feel closer to 41.
READ MORE: Canada Day heat wave reduces Parliament Hill turnout
And Montreal reached a record 37 C on July 2. Montreal health officials blamed the heavy heat and humidity for at least 11 deaths in recent days.
According to Hull, there is some relief in sight for Canada.
“A cold front will move through Eastern Canada Thursday night into Friday, bringing showers and thunderstorms but also dropping temperatures out of the thirties and finally breaking the oppressive humidity,” he said.
WATCH: Heatwave hits eastern Canada over long weekend
The excessive heat warning is also gripping the northeastern U.S. Parts of New England experienced record-setting temperatures over the weekend. And excessive heat warnings and advisories issued in New York and New Jersey, with heat index values up to 41.
Denver tied its all-time high temperature of 40 C on June 28.
At least one heat-related death has been reported in the U.S. since the heat wave began late last week — a Pennsylvania woman who died while working in her garden on Saturday. Another death, of an elderly man in Kansas City, was being investigated.
Europe
Scotland recorded its highest temperatures ever at the end of June. On June 28, a temperature of 33.2 C in Motherwell broke a record set back in 2003. It was so hot in Glasgow that some of the weatherproof membrane on the roof of a science centre melted and oozed down the building.
How hot? So hot the Glasgow Science Centre roof is melting a bit 🔆🔆🔆 https://t.co/TUzm3GJZ1K pic.twitter.com/I5uNLBcnWv — BBC Scotland News (@BBCScotlandNews) June 28, 2018
Last month was the warmest June on record in Northern Ireland and Wales, and the fourth warmest in Scotland and England, according to Sky News.
In southern Russia, temperatures soared to 37 C in Rostov-On-Don, where some of the FIFA World Cup matches are taking place.
WATCH: UK heatwave expected to last well into July
Middle East The Middle East is also breaking weather records. Last week in Quriyat located on Oman's northeast coast, a new world temperature record was reached. The temperature in the village remained above 42.6 C for 51 straight hours, making it the highest nightly low temperature observed on Earth's surface, according to the Weather Network
What's causing the prolonged heat waves?
Heat waves are nothing new. But the duration and extremeness are linked to climate change, according to Blair Feltmate, a University of Waterloo climate scientist.
READ MORE: Expect energy costs to soar as Canada gets hotter
When is a bike light not a bike light? When it turns itself off automatically and can signal that you're braking even before you stop. The Lucnt SRL1 is just that kind of light.
Created by a pair of SF-area brothers, the light is hand-made and is rechargeable via USB. It connects to your bike with powerful magnets and can change from blinking to solid simply by flipping the position of the light. The light automatically brightens when you brake and turns off when the bike is still.
I saw multiple versions of the light and the team has done something truly unique. This is actually a piece of “artisanal” hardware, handmade in a small factory, and the brothers, Arash and Mehdi, dedicated all their spare cycles to making sure this thing worked. It was fascinating to watch and now it's interesting to see how well the project does in the crowdfunding world.
They're raising $50,000 and the product is ready to ship in June. An early bird model costs $85 and it runs for 20 hours on a single charge. It's a fascinating little piece of hardware made for the discerning bikester.
There are rules that every seasoned concert-goer knows: Drink lots of water. If you see someone who looks like they're about to faint after a day of being blasted by the sun, help them. Don't be a jerk.
Seems it's time to add another to the list: watch your phone!
Concerts and music festivals are like heaven for pick pockets. Cram a few thousand people elbow-to-elbow for hours on end, and no one really notices when someone “accidentally” bumps into them. And if you catch'em in the act? They've dissolved into a crowd of strangers by the time you've realized what's going on.
Take this guy at Coachella who just got busted with over 100 phones in his backpack, for example. The magic of Find my Phone!
“But why?!” you might ask. “Can't most phones be rendered useless/worthless minutes after they've been stolen now?”
Sure — the phone, as a whole, can be locked down and made useless. The parts inside it (the screens, the glass-backed and oft-replaced cases, basically most bits but the logic boards), though, are still valuable when pieced out. And if the thief is going the identity-theft route, the one-off phone without a PIN is a treasure trove.
If you're going to shows on the regular, it might seem obvious — hell, you've probably heard some horror stories first hand (I know two people who've had phones snagged at shows this year alone.) But with concert/music festival season being upon us, there are plenty of music lovers hitting up their one show a year — so tell your friends.
Updated Barclaycard has admitted it is experiencing technical issues, with users complaining they can't log in online or on their apps.
According to DownDetector, the site has been experiencing problems since 8.40am this morning, with more than 200 reports within an hour.
Barclaycard said on Twitter that it was aware of the issue and was “working on a fix right now”.
In the meantime, users took to social media to speculate about the root of the problem - banks being notoriously tight-lipped about the causes of their TITSUPs.
A number said they were receiving error messages saying there was no secure connection, and that attempts on multiple browsers failed.
Hello @Barclaycard. Just to let you know that your online account servicing is currently inaccessible (to me at any rate), as the site returns an error message saying it can't provide a secure connection. — Matthew Cocker (@BrandyTartlet) December 11, 2017
@Barclaycard Is there a problem with your website? Can't connect using Chrome or Firefox due to security web protocol!! — Jo Wilkinson (@wilko_joey) December 11, 2017
On Twitter, the card provider said it was investigating and working on a fix.
Hi there, we do I'm afraid. We're working on getting this fixed as soon as possible and will update you as soon as we can. Thanks Nicola — Barclaycard (@Barclaycard) December 11, 2017
We've contacted Barclaycard for comment.
*Total Inability To Support Uptake of Presents-payment
Updated at 11:16 GMT to add: Barclaycard has been in touch to say that "everything is back up and running".
Charlotte County looks to add more sidewalks & bike lanes
The Charlotte County Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) needs the public's input as they work to put together a bike and pedestrian plan for local roads.
“I ride facing traffic because I don't trust people behind me. I can't see them. And then I ride to the nearest sidewalk and I just stay on that sidewalk and just ride all the way round even if it's a little bit longer,” said one bike rider.
The goal of the project is to bring safety and security to bicyclists and pedestrians as they share the roads with drivers.
By building a countywide network of sidewalks, trails and bike lanes, it will be easier than ever for everyone to get around.
“A lot of the folks that are coming down and retiring now want to go out and ride their bike or walk because it's beautiful weather. They have plenty of time on their hands and maybe they don't have to get in their car to go places,” said Gary Herrell, the MPO director for Charlotte County.
The agency says having a master plan isn't just good for walkers and cyclists—local taxpayers could save money by increasing the MPO's chances when applying for grants.
Cyclists say they're looking forward to seeing a more bike and pedestrian-friendly Charlotte County.
The MPO wants your input on the project. You can go to the MPO website and plot a map where you think more sidewalks and bike lanes should be added.
The county hopes to complete their comprehensive plan by the end of July.
You can find the dates, times and location of upcoming planning meetings below:
WEDNESDAY MARCH 21:
MID COUNTY REGIONAL LIBRARY
2050 FORREST NELSON BOULEVARD, PORT CHARLOTTE
12 p.m. – 2 p.m.
CULTURAL CENTER OF CHARLOTTE COUNTY
2280 AARON STREET, PORT CHARLOTTE
5 p.m. – 8 p.m.
THURSDAY MARCH 22ND:
CHARLOTTE HARBOR EVENT CENTER
75 TAYLOR STREET, PUNTA GORDA
ENGLEWOOD PUBLIC LIBRARY
3450 N. ACCESS ROAD, ENGLEWOOD
Reporter: Kristi Gross
Writer: Erica Brown
OTTAWA – A increase in asylum claims in Canada could eventually mean a staggering 11-year wait for a hearing and $2.97 billion in federal social supports for claimants in the meantime, an internal government analysis has concluded.
The Immigration and Refugee Board is already trying to whittle down its current backlog, but received no new money in the latest federal budget.
With 2017 application numbers expected to far exceed earlier projections, the board simply can't keep up, says the memo, obtained by The Canadian Press under the Access to Information Act.
The Immigration Department memorandum was drawn up this spring amid a flood of people illegally crossing into Canada from the U.S. to claim asylum, dominating headlines and raising pointed House of Commons questions about the integrity of Canada's borders and immigration system.
READ MORE: Canada again urged to scrap Safe Third Country Agreement after woman dies trying to cross border
The department was asked to explore estimated backlogs at the Immigration and Refugee Board and the associated wait times under different scenarios, following a meeting about the U.S. border-crosser issue in March.
Since January, at least 2,700 people have been intercepted by the RCMP between legal border points; most went on to file claims. The memo does not directly address the impact of the border crossers, though certain sections were redacted.
But those numbers are only part of the mix.
Asylum claims have been steadily rising since 2015; that year, there were 16,115, and in 2016 there were 23,895. As of April this year, the last month for which data is publicly available, there were already 12,040 claims in the system.
The memo projects that claim levels will hit 36,000 this year and could continue to increase after that.
READ MORE: Illegal border crossings into Canada a hot topic for Conservatives and Liberals
“This scenario best reflects current concerns around increased volumes of claimants observed to date in 2017, and takes into account overall increases in asylum intake from 2015 to 2016,” it says.
The memo goes on to say that by the end of 2021, the new system inventory would grow to approximately 192,700 claims, equivalent to 133 months' worth of output from the board, or a wait time of approximately 11 years.
The social support costs for claimants were $600 a month each in 2016-17, the memo said. At that claim volume, those costs could climb to $2.97 billion from 2017 through 2021.
The other two scenarios examined were what would happen if intake for 2017 remained at the originally projected number of 28,000 claims, or what would happen if there was 36,000 claims with no growth after that.
In the first scenario, wait times would be between four to five years; in the second, around six years.
READ MORE: Four asylum seekers illegally cross border near Piney, Manitoba: Officials
The IRB has been sounding the alarm for months over its ability to keep pace with the rising numbers.
They cite a number of factors, including dozens of vacancies for decision-maker positions and also a legislative regime that requires hearings to be scheduled within certain timelines.
A backlog has arisen, the note explains, because hearings need to be scheduled as soon as the claims are filed, and the board simply can't keep up with the pace.
The time required to actually make a decision on the claims has remained relatively stable at about five months; the challenge is getting them heard in the first place.
The board has tried to deal with the backlog on its own by, among other things, redeploying half its capacity to address backlogged claims. Repeated pleas for more money, however, have only been met by the immigration minister's insistence that the board find ways to be more efficient.
READ MORE: Seeking Asylum: How ‘very skilled' asylum seekers are contributing to Manitoba's economy
That might not be enough, says the analysis.
“The rate of backlog growth presented in these scenarios could be mitigated in part by these efficiencies, but not avoided altogether,” the note said.
Last Friday, Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen announced a wide-ranging review of the IRB, bringing in a former deputy minister in the department to study the system and report back by the summer of 2018.
“Canada's asylum system must strike a balance between providing protection to those fleeing persecution and ensuring that the system is not misused by those who do not need Canada's protection,” he said.
A budget for the program has not been established, but a spokesperson for the department said it will be paid for by them and the IRB.
Medicare says it plans to require hospitals to post their standard prices online and to make electronic medical records more readily available to patients.
The head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Seema Verma, said Tuesday the initiative reflects the Trump administration's effort to encourage patients to become decision makers in their care.
Hospitals are required to disclose prices publicly, but the latest change would put that information online in machine-readable format that can be easily processed by computers.
Likewise, many health care providers already make computerized records available to patients, but starting in 2021 Medicare would base part of a hospital's payments on how well they do.
Verma also announced Medicare is starting a comprehensive review of how it will pay for costly new forms of immunotherapy.
The Kingston Frontenacs are on their last life in the Eastern Conference Final.
They are down 3-0 against the Hamilton Bulldogs, and now have to beat the team four games in a row.
READ MORE: Bulldogs seek revenge over Frontenacs in OHL's East Final
It's a difficult feat to achieve, as the Bulldogs finished the season in first place in the Eastern Conference, 12 points ahead of the Fronts.
Kingston won four games in a row in their first two series of the 2018 playoffs, but former sports director Mark Potter says it's a tough spot for any hockey team to be in.
“The fourth one is the toughest one to win. Kingston's dug a very big hole here, no question about that. It's great to see them get through two rounds of playoffs, but this third one is going to be a steep hill to climb.”
Statistics show going against a team like the Bulldogs, the Fronts may have their hands full. In the first three games combined the Bulldogs outscored the Frontenacs 16-4.
READ MORE: The Kingston Frontenacs gear up for playoff run with series against North Bay
Game Three was a closer one, with a final score of 3-1. Frontenac fans like Ben Vandenberg aren't giving up hope yet, though.
“They're coming out skating hard, they are obviously in the Eastern Conference final for a reason. I think they have a chance if they can get their heart out start playing like this can.”
3:03 Talkback: Mark Young talks about Vice Mayor Gene Gallo's tragic loss of his wife Pause
2:15 The zany 9th Annual Shamrock Shiver Charity Plunge
1:17 Samoset Neighborhood Association looks to 2017 for continued improvements
0:49 Gene Gallo reflects on the loss of his wife
2:22 All-Area Boys Swimmer of the Year T.C. Smith discusses the honor
0:40 Suspect in armed robbery of Bradenton convenience store arrested
2:02 Manatee County residents fear heavy manufacturing will change lifestyle
0:55 Woman saves neighbor's 80-pound mastiff in Christmas day fire
2:46 Making peppermint candy
What is most surprising about the near-collapse of a spillway at Oroville Dam is that events like that have not happened more often.
Located 75 miles north of Sacramento, Oroville is the nation's tallest dam and holds back the state's second-largest reservoir. Both its main spillway and an auxiliary one have experienced major erosion because of massive emergency releases of reservoir water during this winter's heavy storms. On Sunday, engineers worried that the top 20 or 30 feet of the emergency spillway could give way, causing devastating flooding on the Feather River. State officials ordered the ongoing evacuation of nearly 200,000 people living downstream from the dam.
This drama and danger could have been averted. Three environmental groups — Friends of the River, the Sierra Club and the South Yuba Citizens League — anticipated precisely the crisis that has unfolded this week. In response to the dam's relicensing application in 2005, they filed a motion with federal officials to require that the earthen hillside that comprises the auxiliary spillway be covered with concrete to prevent erosion.
But according to the San Jose Mercury News, federal officials dismissed the request on the grounds that even if the emergency spillway suffered “significant damage,” it would not threaten control of reservoir water or endanger the dam itself. Instead, the officials sided with the California Department of Water Resources and the state water districts that probably would have had to pay for the new construction.
In general, Southern California water users not only consume Northern California water but significantly underpay for it.
Ron Stork, policy director of Friends of the River, said state water officials told him privately at the time that the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California and other water contractors that buy Oroville's water did not want to pay the additional costs. “I felt a little disrespected and damn disappointed that they didn't listen to me, particularly in the last week,” Stork told me Monday.
Metropolitan general manager Jeffrey Kightlinger, in the Los Angeles Times, claimed his agency “did not say it was a cost issue.” The water district deferred to state and federal officials, he said, who determined the emergency spillway met guidelines that “talk about how you don't put a lot of funding and concrete, etc. into emergency spillways because presumably they will rarely if ever be used.”
The south-versus-north dynamic is an old one in the state's water politics. In general, Southern California water users not only consume Northern California water but significantly underpay for it. Now, the people who live downstream from the Oroville Dam, who may be displaced from their homes indefinitely, are paying dearly for what should have been covered by Southern California rate-payers a decade ago. On top of this, even if the dam's spillways suffer no further damage, the cost of repairing the spillways will no doubt far exceed the expense of the preventive measure proposed in 2005.
Even more disturbing, Oroville is far from unique among the nation's nearly 100,000 dams in needing repair. Dams usually require significant maintenance between their 25th and 50th birthdays, and virtually all U.S. dams are at least 40 years old; some were built more than a century ago. (Oroville will be 50 years old next year.)
Yet few dams are getting the repairs they need. The last time the American Society of Civil Engineers issued its Infrastructure Report Card was in 2013, when it gave U.S. dams a “D” grade and reported that more than 4,000 are deficient. The group will publish a new report card next month; while its contents haven't been released, a spokesperson told me the conclusions of the 2013 report card are “still fairly accurate.” A 2016 survey by the Association of State Dam Safety Officials estimated the cost of repairing deficient dams that currently place downstream residents at risk at $22.91 billion. Carrying out that task would take many decades.
Rather than fund that work, politicians prefer to be seen cutting ribbons while standing in front of new dams. Even now, California officials are considering construction of more dams while much of the existing stock needs repair. From time to time, legislation is introduced in Congress to begin dam repair, but it inevitably dies.
President Trump has spoken of launching a massive plan to revitalize American infrastructure, but he has not issued a detailed proposal, and in any case, he seems to favor financing new construction with public-private partnerships that would work for, say, toll roads, but not dams. For that matter, Trump has not responded to a request from Gov. Jerry Brown on Monday for federal assistance for evacuees from the Oroville region.
Without a major repair program, the passage of time will further compromise dam safety. As the human population grows, more people are living downstream from vulnerable dams, usually without any idea of the risk they are taking. Climate change is intensifying that risk by inducing intense precipitation events and runoff that dams were not designed to handle. Indeed, climate change probably caused or at least deepened the five-year drought that preceded this winter's heavy rain in Northern California. The drought almost certainly lowered the capacity of soil in the Oroville watershed to absorb water and increased storm runoff into the reservoir.
In 2005, I wrote that large dams “are loaded weapons aimed down rivers, pointed at ourselves; they're proof of the gambling nature of the societies that build them.” A decade later, we have taken no significant steps toward disarming dams. Instead, our gamble has intensified.
Jacques Leslie is a contributing writer to Opinion and the author of “Deep Water: The Epic Struggle Over Dams, Displaced People, and the Environment.”
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans of high street beauty and skincare emporium The Body Shop will be able to pick up huge savings on beauty essentials and everyday skin care staples in the lead up to, and on, Black Friday, the retail event of the year.
Famously against animal testing and well-known for their incredible smelling products, the Body Shop is a firm family favourite amongst all ages and product-lovers, from luxury hand cream to avant-garde face oil.
While we're still waiting to find out exactly what Black Friday beauty bits they'll be offering, the official The Body Shop Black Friday page does promise to be their "wildest Black Friday yet".
12 Black Friday 2017 shopping tips as the countdown to the huge shopping extravaganza begins
12 Black Friday 2017 shopping tips as the countdown to the huge shopping extravaganza begins
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
How to maximise savings at The Body Shop
Want to keep up to date on which of your favourite products will be discounted come November 24th? Read our tips on how to stay in the know:
Andi Dorfman still believes in love. The former Bachelorette star has long moved on from her rocky past with her Bachelorette boyfriend, Nick Viall, and is now rooting for him to find love as he begins his journey as The Bachelor. Andi also recently teased that she may have found someone new to begin her own journey with. Andi Dorfman has been jet-setting all over the world with recent trips to Greece and Iceland, but she has been mum on who her travel companion has been. But last week, Dorfman captioned an Instagram pic with, “Rainy day snuggles and holiday flicks all day long.” In the photo, it appears that someone is laying next to Andi as she settles in for a holiday movie binge. Rainy day snuggles + Holiday flicks … All day long #tistheseason #lazysaturday ???????? ❄️ <> A photo posted by Andi Dorfman (@andi_dorfman) on Dec 24, 2016 at 8:40am PST While she has been silent regarding her own love life, in an interview with Us Weekly, Andi said Nick Viall deserves to find love on his fourth go-around on a reality TV dating show. “I think if anyone has like earned it and has been perseverance about love on TV, it's Nick so I'm going to root for him,” Dorfman told the celebrity gossip magazine. “He's a decent guy.” Dorfman previously told Us that she believes her ex has good intentions despite his bad boy image on the ABC reality franchise. “I had my ups and downs with Nick, but the thing I will say about him is I know that he is genuine in what he wants and that is love, whether or not he goes about it the way that everybody else would, ” Andi said. “I still definitely believe that his intentions are absolutely to fall in love. So I think that's another great characteristic that you need for a Bachelor, but we'll see.” Andi told Us she didn't watch Viall or her ex-fiancé Josh Murray when they were on Bachelor in Paradise over the summer, but she did tweet a message of congratulations to Viall after his role as The Bachelor was announced in late August. In her tweet, Dorfman described her former flame as “genuine and real about wanting to find love.” Andi Dorfman made headlines for her season of The Bachelorette, most notably after she was outed by Viall after sleeping with him in the Fantasy Suite. After Andi chose Josh Murray as her final man, Viall shocked viewers during the live After the Final Rose special when he asked her why she “made love” to him if she wasn't in love with him. .@viallnicholas28 reveals ex @AndiDorfman texted him ahead of @BachelorABC 2017! –> https://t.co/qumzJhJjMz #TheBachelor pic.twitter.com/9gujWX6OgX — The Bachelor Fansite (@BachelrWetpaint) December 19, 2016 While Andi was initially furious with her ex for bringing up their bedroom business on national TV, in her tell-all book, It's Not Okay: Turning Heartbreak into Happily Never After, Dorfman admitted that the reason Nick called her out on the ABC special was because she had refused to talk to him beforehand. “He was angry that he had tried to reach out to me so many times before,” Dorfman wrote. “And he felt hurt that I refused to see him.” Viall, who has admitted that everything that Andi wrote about him in her book was true, also recently revealed that he called Dorfman out on live TV because he felt as though she wasn't honest with him during their conversations while filming The Bachelorette. “I'm a big believer in transparency in any type of relationship and in life,” he told People. “When you're going to consider spending the rest of your life with someone, you need to have some pretty transparent conversations.” Nick recently told reporters that Dorfman reached out to him after he was named the new star of The Bachelor, but he stopped short of asking her for any dating tips. “Andi did reach out [with] a simple text to wish me luck, and it was a very gracious text, but certainly no advice was given, and certainly no advice was asked,” he said, before admitting he had not heard from Bristowe at all. Indeed, while Andi Dorfman has already said she will be rooting for Nick to find love, Viall's other ex, Kaitlyn Bristowe probably won't be watching his journey at all. In an interview with Cosmopolitan, Bristowe said it's hard to watch the show after you have been on it because you know too much. “Everyone who's been on a show, you can't watch it after because you know too much about like, behind the scenes,” the former Bachelorette star revealed. “You just know too much and it doesn't feel that same. It's not entertaining anymore. You actually feel pain for them.” [Featured Image by Robin Marchant/Getty Images for Pencils of Promise]
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Influencers are ditching Snapchat and YouTube as interest in Instagram continues to rocket, according to new research.
The Activate 2018 State of Influencer Marketing Study, which saw interviews with more than 800 global social media influencers and 100 marketing professionals, revealed that Instagram and blogs are the two social media channels with the most partnership activity. Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest sit in the middle with no real movement, while Snapchat and YouTube take a hit as they deal with serious declines in usage.
A total of 86 percent of marketers and 89 percent of influencers are using Snapchat less for influencer marketing campaigns than they did last year.
"In the past, Snap hasn't been the most accommodating to influencers," said Activate CEO Kamiu Lee. "Despite influencers flocking to the platform early on, Snap was surprisingly gun shy in catering to them. Influencers have shared some frustrations with Snap's lack of urgency in providing data to creators. Up until February of this year, creators received extremely little data from brands on items like total story views, daily reach, engagement metrics, audience demographics, etc.
"This slow start toward creating an environment that is supportive of influencers means that it is that much harder for creators to really build a community and business on the platform, and over time, less likely to invest time into the platform from a commercial standpoint."
The research team has found no real evidence that Kylie Jenner's statement about Snapchat being redundant is a reason for creators leaving.
Lee added: "It will be interesting to see how things continue to evolve -- to some extent, marketers and influencers flock to where the environment is ripe, and that is a mix of healthy audience growth and influencer/brand friendly measurement capabilities."
Instagram Stories has proven wildly popular with brands. A total of 55 percent of influencers and 70 percent of marketers said they've incorporated the feature into their sponsored partnerships. Instagram Story Highlights, although a relatively new feature, is also performing well. One underutilized area of Instagram is Polls. Only 16 percent of influencers and 14 percent of marketers have used the feature via sponsored content. Testing by Activate has found that Polls perform consistently with engagement rates.
The findings come as 62 percent of marketers continue to grow their influencer budgets. Meanwhile, 61 percent of influencers reported an increase in sponsored partnership opportunities in 2017 compared with the year before.
Many are opting for long-term partnerships which last for six months or more over one-off usage for campaigns with a quick turnaround.
The majority of marketers said they work with influencers to propel brand awareness. But that doesn't always work both ways -- only 37 percent of influencers said they get involved with partnerships to push the marketer's brand.
There is clearly work to be done when it comes to these relationships. The study revealed that only 29 percent of influencers are asked for their opinion on content. Worse still, the majority of marketers (55 percent) admit that the content strategy and direction of a sponsored partnership is decided well before influencers are added to the mix.
"We've seen magic happen between brands and influencers when the conditions are right for a true collaboration," part of the study reads. "First, there should be a hefty amount of due diligence in selecting influencers. Understanding the influencers, their audience and what they stand for should drive content direction and strategy. This is the only way that content stands a chance to resonate authentically.
"The goal of influencer marketing is not to simply pay someone to regurgitate pre-packaged brand messaging. Rather, it is to establish bidirectional relationships so that sponsored messaging reaches a level where it becomes genuine storytelling instead."
Saxophonist Jon Irabagon Plays With Heart On 'Dr. Quixotic's Traveling Exotics' Irabagon brings an infectious sense of fun to music-making, even when the playing is dead serious — as is the case on his "mildly subversive" new album.
By Jenna O'Donnell
OCEANPORT – April showers may cause flooding, especially in Oceanport. But officials hope some key updates will help stem the tides that seep into borough roads.
During the April 6 workshop meeting, Mayor John “Jay” Coffey noted that flooding is a problem the borough needs to deal with. Torrential rains the day of the meeting had inundated streets across the borough, and concerned residents flooded the email inboxes of Coffey and some councilmembers with photos showing the scope of the problem.
“It's different now than it was several years ago,” Coffey said, noting that the flooding was getting worse and happening more often. “Flooding across all of Oceanport is a problem. This is what we're facing as a town. There's a way to ameliorate some of the problems, but it costs money.”
While introducing a 2017 municipal budget proposing a small tax increase for borough residents, the Oceanport mayor and council outlined long-term plans to address the flooding that plagues the borough. Part of that strategy involves the installation of check valves to prevent river water from flooding into roads through the sewers and drains during storm surges or high tides. Those would be installed in 36 storm drain outfalls across the borough, an expensive but necessary update that the borough hopes to fund with bonds and grants in the long term.
By Matthias Williams and Andrew Osborn
KIEV/MOSCOW (Reuters) - A dissident Russian journalist reported murdered in Kiev on Tuesday dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday during a televised briefing by Ukrainian state security about the killing, which they then said they had faked.
Authorities said Arkady Babchenko was shot dead at his flat and found by his wife in a pool of blood.
But he took to the podium before stunned reporters and said he had been part of a Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life and expose those behind it.
"I would like to apologise for what you have all had to go through," said Babchenko, who looked on the verge of tears. "I'm sorry but there was no other way of doing it. Separately, I want to apologise to my wife for the hell that she has been through."
His reappearance elicited gasps, then cheers and applause from journalists at the briefing.
Babchenko, 41, is a critic of President Vladimir Putin and Russian policy in Ukraine and Syria.
His reported murder sparked a war of words between Ukraine and Russia. The two countries have been at odds since a popular revolt in Ukraine in 2014 toppled a Russian-backed government in favour of a pro-Western one.
It also produced a flurry of condemnations from European capitals and Washington, and sent shivers through the journalistic communities in both countries.
This was in part because several prominent Russian journalists critical of Putin's policies have been murdered in recent years. Opposition groups and human rights organizations say the Kremlin is behind the killings. The Kremlin denies this.
But there were signs of a backlash against Ukraine. Some media organisations said the staged plot undermined the credibility of journalists. Others said it had handed the Kremlin a propaganda gift.
Babchenko praised the operation, however, and thanked the Ukrainian Security Service, the SBU, for saving his life. He said the most important thing was that what he called other big acts of terror had been thwarted.
He later took to Twitter, promising to die "when I am 96 after having danced on Putin's grave".
STING PLOT
The SBU said it received information about a plot to kill 30 people in Ukraine, including Babchenko, but had thwarted it.
The security service declined to say who the other 29 people were but said it had detained a Ukrainian citizen recruited by Russia to find someone to kill Babchenko. He was given $40,000 to organise the murder, $30,000 for the killer and $10,000 for being an intermediary, the SBU said.
The detained man had been ordered to buy weapons, including 300 Kalashnikovs, grenade launchers, and explosives which were to be stashed in central Ukraine, it added. A video of the man being detained was shown to reporters.
"We managed not only to break this cynical provocation, but also to document the preparation of this shameful crime by Russian special services," SBU chief Vasyl Hrytsak said.
General Prosecutor Yuriy Lutsenko, who appeared alongside Babchenko, said it had been necessary to fake the journalist's death so that the organisers of the plot to kill him would believe they had succeeded.
Ukraine's prime minister, foreign minister, the European Union, the United States and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe were among the many to condemn Babchenko's reported murder.
News that he was alive brought a mixture of relief and praise for the Ukrainian security services, including from President Petro Poroshenko, but a backlash from certain quarters about how the incident was handled.
"Reporters Without Borders expresses its sharp indignation on learning of the Ukrainian secret service's manipulation carried out as part of an information war," Christophe Deloire, secretary general of Reporters Without Borders, said on social media. "It is always very dangerous for states to play with facts and especially on the backs of journalists."
Poroshenko welcomed Babchenko with a hug at the presidential administration and said the journalist and his family would be given protection.
RUSSIAN MOCKERY
Russian state media mocked Ukraine for solving a murder it had staged itself, while the Russian Foreign ministry said it was happy that Babchenko was alive, but said Ukraine has used his story as propaganda.
The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said it was also unimpressed.
"We are relieved that Arkady Babchenko is alive," said the CPJ's Nina Ognianova. "(But) Ukrainian authorities must now disclose what necessitated the extreme measure of staging news of the Russian journalist's murder."
But in Kiev journalists who had gathered in the central Maidan square to mourn Babchenko cracked open champagne.
"That was the best news conference in my life," said Olga Musafirova. "I have never experienced such emotions at any official event. We watched ... at a studio of a TV channel and I realized that I burst into tears and it was tears of joy."
Another journalist, Sergiy Grishyn, said "Babchenko will have to give me money for pills" for the stress he'd suffered.
Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the interior minister, who had announced Babchenko's death on Tuesday, went on Facebook on Wednesday to compare the operation to the fictional detective Sherlock Holmes faking his own death.
Babchenko has lived in the Ukrainian capital since receiving threats at home for saying he did not mourn the victims of a Russian military plane crash.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman had said in a social media posting late on Tuesday that he was convinced what he called "the Russian totalitarian machine" had not forgiven Babchenko for what Groysman called his honesty.
Moscow has described the allegations as part of an anti-Russian smear campaign.
(Additional reporting by Tom Balmforth and Maria Kiselyova in Moscow, Pavel Polityuk, Olena Vasina and Natalia Zinets, Margaryta Chornokondratenko and Sergei Karazy in Kiev; Editing by Christian Lowe and Matthew Mpoke Bigg)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
By Marta Nogueira and Brad Brooks
RIO DE JANEIRO/São Paulo (Reuters) - Brazilian oil workers began a 72-hour strike on Wednesday in a new blow to President Michel Temer following a nationwide trucker protest that has strangled Latin America's largest economy for over a week.
The strike affecting several rigs, refineries, plants and ports is the latest challenge for state-led oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA, whose shares have tumbled nearly 30 percent in two weeks over fears that political interference would unwind more investor-focused policies.
Late on Tuesday, Reuters reported that Temer was considering an overhaul of a market-based fuel pricing policy at Petrobras, which could provoke even more investor flight. Temer's office said in a Wednesday morning statement that he would preserve the policy.
The oil sector strike included workers on at least 20 oil rigs in the lucrative Campos basin of 46 operated by Petrobras, as the company is known, according to FUP, Brazil's largest oil workers union. Petrobras said any disruption would not have an immediate major impact on its production or overall operations.
Brazil produces about 2.1 million barrels of oil per day, making it Latin America's largest crude producer.
The oil strike was declared illegal by Brazil's top labor court on Tuesday, after Petrobras argued it was about politics rather labor issues. FUP said it had not been informed of the ruling.
According to a source close to the company, Petrobras has a significant stock of fuel on hand, especially as a 10-day protest by truckers prevented significant amounts of fuel from leaving refineries.
However, the strike has raised the specter of protests spreading to more sectors as Brazilians vent frustration with an unpopular government and an uneven economic recovery.
The truckers' highway blockades and resulting fuel shortages have already halted major industries and hammered exports of everything from beef and soybeans to coffee and cars.
FUP said on Wednesday that workers did not show up at work at eight refineries stretching from Manaus in the Amazon to Rio de Janeiro in the southeast. They also walked off the job at plants handling lubricants, nitrogen and shale gas, as well as in the ports of Suape and Paranaguá.
"Initial information points to the workers having adhered to the strike at various locations," FUP said in a statement. "The movement is continuing through the morning, when stoppages at other Petrobras units are expected."
TARGETING PARENTE
Unions representing oil workers said they were demanding the resignation of Chief Executive Pedro Parente. They also want the end of a market-based fuel pricing policy and other changes at Petrobras since Temer took power in 2016.
Adding to turmoil at Petrobras, the firm said on Wednesday that board member José Alberto de Paula Torres Lima had resigned, citing "personal reasons." He was one of three board members recruited by an outside agency and added to the board in April in an effort to establish its independence.
Petrobras did not respond to questions about his departure.
FUP union leader José Maria Rangel said on Tuesday the Temer government and Parente's policies were delivering Petrobras up to foreign investors, while "the shipyards of Rio de Janeiro are closed" as unemployment remains near record levels.
Parente, on a Tuesday conference call with analysts, said Petrobras was taking action so that any strike would have minimal or no impact on production and operations.
The separate 10-day trucker protest against diesel price hikes has left major cities running short on food, gasoline and medical supplies, despite significantly easing on Tuesday night.
Officials warned it would take days to restore supply lines disrupted by the crippling stoppage that at its height saw over 1,000 roadblocks on highways across the country.
Moody's Investor Service warned in an analyst note that it will take weeks for operations to return to normal in sectors from meatpackers and automakers to airlines and retail.
"Normalization of transportation conditions within the coming days would not pose significant credit problems for the rated companies' credit metrics, although it would still likely weaken quarterly financial results," the Moody's analysts wrote.
"But a prolonged strike would create severe credit stress across all corporate sectors in Brazil."
Temer's political situation has grown so tenuous as Brazil barrels toward a general election in October that he was forced to bat away concerns that a coup could topple his government.
"There is zero chance of military intervention," Temer told a small group of journalists during a roundtable at an investment conference in São Paulo. "What I see is a rejection both in the Defense Ministry and throughout the armed forces to any kind of military intervention."
(Reporting by Marta Nogueira and Brad Brooks; Additional reporting by Gram Slattery in São Paulo and Alexandra Alper in Rio de Janeiro; Editing by Brad Haynes and Marguerita Choy)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's Lincoln car went on display Friday at the Anıtkabir, the mausoleum of the Turkish Republic's founder in Ankara, following renovation works.
The renovated 1935 Lincoln was presented at an official ceremony.
According to Kemal Akel, who lead the restoration works that lasted two years and four months, some deformed parts of the car were repaired locally, while missing details were brought from abroad.
Since the car had to be disassembled for the renovation, every part and detail of the vehicle were photographed hundreds of times to ensure authenticity after the works, Akel said. A four-member team was then tasked with putting the car back together.
Atatürk's other car, a 1936 Cadillac that was gifted to the Turkish leader on the 10th anniversary of the foundation of Türkiye İş Bankası, will also be renovated.
The Coimbatore Police on Tuesday arrested a 1998 serial blast convict after a recorded telephonic conversation went viral on social media in which he is purportedly heard saying he is planning to kill Prime Minister Narendra Modi, police said.They said the eight-minute long conversation, which is being circulated on social media, was between a man, who has completed a jail term in the blast case and lives in Kuniyamuthur in the city, and a transport contractor."The conversation was mainly related to finances about vehicles. But suddenly the blast convict was heard saying 'we have decided to eliminate (Prime Minister) Modi, as we were the ones who had planted bombs when (former deputy Prime Minister L K) Advani visited the city in 1998," the police said.The city was rocked by a series of bomb blasts in February 1998 in which 58 people were killed and property worth crores was destroyed. "I have many cases against me and have damaged more than 100 vehicles," the man can be heard telling the contractor during the conversation, the police said.The city police formed special teams to investigate the recorded conversation and verify the genuineness of the persons in it, the police said in a press release. The man has been arrested based on the conversation, it said.
Christchurch's pedestrian upgrade priorities
Some of Christchurch's most at-risk roads have been added to the city council's wishlist for upgrades.
A busy central Christchurch street crossed daily by hundreds of students – and described by one as a "gamble" – is high on the city council's wish list for pedestrian safety upgrades.
The council maintains an active list of places it hopes to upgrade for pedestrian safety. Staff said none of the projects on the list were scheduled yet.
Top priority is a new crossing on Akaroa's Rue Lavaud at Rue Balguerie. The council had planned an upgrade earlier this year as part of a town-wide improvement programme, but it was dropped after outcry over how it would affect the intersection's heritage value.
DAVID WALKER/Stuff Madras St, by the Ara polytechnic campus, is number two on the Christchurch City Council's wish list for pedestrian crossing upgrades.
Number two is a crossing with stop lights outside Ara Institute on Madras St, where hundreds of students cross every day to get to the food options across the road from campus. A council traffic count last September recorded average daily traffic of 13,418 vehicles, peaking at 1402 in the hour from 8am.
READ MORE:
* Child hit by car on 'dangerous' stretch of Christchurch street
* Footpath alongside Redcliffs' Moa Bone Cave can be reinstated after all
* Footpath closure endangers children, Redcliffs residents say
Ara Institute chief executive Tony Gray said a crossing outside the campus was something students had asked for, and something the institute supported. He said it had been discussed with the council over the years.
Dozens of students crossed the road in the hour Stuff was outside the campus this week, many either running or looking at cellphones. The nearest traffic light with a crossing was about 150 metres from where most students were crossing.
Outdoor education student Kate Morgan said she crossed there every day and thought a crossing with lights would be helpful.
"It's kind of a gamble, you try not to get hit by a car. Sometimes there's a spot that you could get through but otherwise its just run for your life."
DAVID WALKER/STUFF Ara student Kate Morgan says its a "gamble" to cross at Madras St due to the volume of traffic.
She said she saw near misses there "all the time", and recently witnessed someone nearly get taken out by a car when they stepped past a bus into the street.
Deputy mayor and Banks Peninsula councillor Andrew Turner said there needed to be some improvements made to Akaroa's Rue Lavaud intersection, but it would need to respect the heritage look and feel of the town.
"I do observe people crossing the road there in ways that are probably not safe, particularly in summertime, which has a lot of traffic."
He said Akaroa had far more pedestrians and vehicles than in the past due to more tourism and the high number of cruise ship visits, and the heritage town was never designed for those volumes.
A footpath extension along Beach Rd to the Akaroa Lighthouse was number three on the list. Turner said he would like to see a shared space approach to the stretch, with the speed limit lowered.
Fourth priority was reinstatement of a footpath around Moa Bone Point in Redcliffs, which was inaccessible since the earthquakes. The council was not going to restore the footpath, but changed tack after public outcry. A plan was put out for public consultation in February, with a report by council staff to come.
DAVID WALKER/STUFF Madras Street out front of the Ara campus is number two on the Christchurch City Council's list of Priority Pedestrian upgrades.
Council transport operations manager Steffan Thomas said the list was "live", meaning new projects were added as they were identified, and prioritised against existing projects. He said the rankings were based on several considerations, including pedestrian numbers, the volume and speed of traffic, the road layout and the crash history.
Staff were waiting on confirmation of the council's long term plan – which allocates spending for the coming years – before any upgrades on the list would be scheduled, "to understand how much funding is available and how this can be best allocated to improve safety".
The need for pedestrian upgrades is in the spotlight after a child was hit by a car on Tennyson St in Sydenham earlier this month, at a spot locals have long described as dangerous and poorly designed.
Google Maps A crossing on Rue Lavaud in Akaroa is number one on the Christchurch City Council's list of priority pedestrian improvements.
Residents brought up the unsafe layout with the Cashmere-Spreydon Community Board in July. The board was given advice from council staff, which classed the street as a low-medium crash risk, ranking it number 22 on a list of pedestrian crossing zones across the city a higher priority for upgrades. Since then, then the Tennyson St upgrades have been downgraded to number 28 on the priority list.
THE COUNCIL'S HIGHEST PRIORITY PEDESTRIAN UPGRADES
A crossing at Rue Lavaud near Rue Balguerie, Akaroa A crossing with signals at Madras St at Ara Institute of Canterbury, Christchurch Central A footpath at Beach Rd near Bruce Tce, Akaroa A footpath at Moa Bone Point on Main Rd, Redcliffs A crossing at Hackthorne Rd at the Dyers Pass intersection, Cashmere A crossing near Burnside High School on Memorial Ave, Burnside A crossing upgrade at Union St at the medical centre, New Brighton A crossing at Wainoni Rd near Cuffs Rd, Upgrades to the existing Crossing at Centaurus Rd near Sloan Tce, Cashmere A crossing near the medical centre at Kirk Rd, Templeton
See the interactive map above for an expanded list.
DAVID WALKER/STUFF A footpath on Main Road near Redcliffs is fourth on the Christchurch City Council's list of Priority Pedestrian upgrades.
DAVID WALKER/STUFF A pedestrian crossing on Memorial Drive near Burnside High school is sixth on the Christchurch City Council's list of Priority Pedestrian upgrades.
- Stuff
Source: Police impound unregistered vehicles | Daily News
HARARE – The Zimbabwe Republic Police (ZRP) is embarking on a blitz to impound all unregistered vehicles.
Police spokesperson Paul Nyathi said the “No to Unregistered Vehicles” blitz started early this month. It has so far netted 269 vehicles, which have been impounded.
“A total of 269 vehicles have been impounded since 1st October 2017 for moving on the country's roads whilst the owners had not effected change of ownership as required in terms of the Vehicle Registration and Licensing Act (Chapter 13:14).
“The ZRP as a law enforcement agency has noted the increased flagrant disregard of traffic laws by motorists and the commission of criminal acts by elements using these unregistered vehicles or those without registration number plates.
“67 vehicles were impounded for operating as Public Service Vehicles yet they are not registered in terms of the Road Motor Transportation Act (Chapter 13:10),” Nyathi said.
The police also warned drivers who flout road rules.
“The police have also noted that there is a small clique of unruly motorist who are not stopping at law enforcement checkpoints, they pass through red robots, cut corners at road junctions and intersections and in the process cause chaos in the Central Business District by flouting road rules and regulations.
“This conduct must stop forthwith. Errant motorists should not cry foul if they are arrested. Police will make sure use of spikes to stop these dangerous motorists if this bad conduct continues.
“The operation will continue for an indefinite period. Non-compliant vehicles will be impounded until the necessary registration procedures are completed.
“Motorists are therefore being warned that all vehicles moving on the country's roads with no registration plates should register without delay.”
Meanwhile, the ZRP with other 26 countries in the Southern Africa Regional Police Chiefs Cooperation Organisation and Eastern Regional Police Chiefs Cooperation Organisation are conducting a blitz targeting theft of motor vehicles, drug trafficking, trafficking in human beings, people smuggling, and illicit firearms among other crimes.
(Adds Deutsche Bank statement)
WASHINGTON, Feb 1 (Reuters) - The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission said it issued an order on Thursday filing and settling charges against Deutsche Bank Securities Inc, a unit of Deutsche Bank AG, for attempted manipulation of the ISDAFIX benchmark and requiring the firm to pay a $70 million civil penalty.
The CFTC said that from at least January 2007 to until May 2012, Deutsche Bank Securities made false reports and attempted to manipulate the U.S. Dollar International Swaps and Derivatives Association Fix (USD ISDAFIX), a leading global benchmark referenced in a range of interest rate products.
It said Deutsche Bank Securities did so to benefit its derivatives positions, including positions involving cash-settled options on interest rate swaps.
“We have cooperated extensively with the CFTC's investigation and have undertaken significant efforts to remediate benchmark-related activities,” Deutsche Bank said in a statement. (Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh and Sandra Maler)
© Christof Stache / AFP
Politician Björn Höcke explains why some migrants murder and cause trouble in Germany. He says their way of life and honour culture leads to Huntington's "Clash of Civilizations".As an example he gives the brutal murder of a 15-year old German girl called Mia, in the city of Kandel. He adds that the murder of the girl is besides a "clash of civilizations also a "clash of different ages".Höcke is a politician of the right-wing AfD party, that successfully entered the German parliament after the elections last year.
Amazon has a huge selection of potential stocking stuffers on sale. All of these items are $10 or less and come with free shipping for all.
Here are a few of the ones we liked:
Remember the closer it gets to Christmas, the less likely Amazon will be able to guarantee your presents arrive on time. Order soon before you lose your chance.
See on Amazon
The Internal Revenue Service has become the first agency to follow President Trump's directive to start undermining the Affordable Care Act.
In a quiet rule change, but an important one, the IRS has told tax preparers and software firms that it won't automatically reject tax returns that fail to state whether the tax filer had health insurance during the year. That effectively loosens enforcement of the ACA's individual mandate. It appears to be a direct response to Trump's Jan. 20 executive order requiring federal agencies “minimize...the economic and regulatory burdens of the Act.”
We observed at the time that the executive order would cripple ACA insurance exchanges, not only by signaling the Trump Administration's open hostility to Obamacare, but by kicking a leg out from the regulatory stool supporting the act.
The IRS action its the first manifestation of that. The agency hasn't announced its rule change publicly, but it was picked up by Peter Suderman of Reason and Kathleen Pender of the San Francisco Chronicle, who both reported it Tuesday.
In an emailed statement, the IRS said that it was acting in direct response to the executive order, which it said “directed federal agencies to exercise authority and discretion available to them to reduce potential burden. Consistent with that, the IRS has decided to make changes that would continue to allow electronic and paper returns to be accepted for processing in instances where a taxpayer doesn't indicate their coverage status.”
The ACA requires individuals to carry health insurance or pay a penalty of as much as $695 per adult and $347.50 per child under 18. Line 61 of IRS Form 1040 requires taxpayers either to check a box certifying that family members had coverage during the year, or to enter their penalty, which is calculated on a separate form.
Starting this year, the IRS was planning to reject returns automatically that left line 61 blank, known in agency parlance as “silent” returns. That would give taxpayers an early warning — for electronic filers, an almost instant warning — that they might be in violation of the individual mandate.
But early in February, the agency told tax-preparation firms that it was reversing the rule and would continue to accept returns that were blank on line 61. The agency didn't announce its policy to the general public, but word spread rapidly in the tax-preparation community. Drake Software, which produces tax preparation software for accountants, posted a notice of the rule change on Feb. 9 and updated its program to allow for e-filing of client returns without filling in line 61.
Line 61 of Form 1040 requires taxpayers to declare their insurance coverage or calculate their penalty. IRS Line 61 of Form 1040 requires taxpayers to declare their insurance coverage or calculate their penalty. Line 61 of Form 1040 requires taxpayers to declare their insurance coverage or calculate their penalty. (IRS)
The IRS statement notes that its rule change doesn't alter taxpayers' responsibility to obtain health insurance and pay any penalty for noncompliance: “Legislative provisions of the ACA law are still in force until changed by the Congress, and taxpayers remain required to follow the law and pay what they may owe‎.” The agency says that although silent returns won't be automatically rejected, they may eventually be questioned by the agency and the penalty assessed. Drake Software advises its users to remind their clients that those leaving line 61 blank “could receive communication from the IRS, experience delayed refunds, and face subsequent collection activity to recoup the individual shared responsibility payment.”
The practical effect of the IRS rule change is impossible to gauge. Tax year 2016, for which the standard filing deadline is this coming April 18, is the first year for which the agency was planning to reject silent returns. Last year, according to the National Taxpayer Advocate, penalties averaging $452 were reported on 6.1 million returns, with another 12.2 million claiming exemptions from the mandate.
Confusion over Republican plans for the repeal of the Affordable Care Act already has roiled the individual insurance marketplace. Humana, which covers 150,000 ACA customers in 11 states, announced Tuesday that it would pull out of that market entirely next year. Aetna, which already had reduced its individual customer base to about 240,000 this year from 965,000 at the end of 2016, also has signaled that it may be entirely out of the market starting in 2018. Aetna cited the uncertainty about the market's future coming from the Trump White House and the GOP-controlled Congress. Aetna and Humana had been planning to merge, but their deal was blocked by a federal judge in January.
Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com.
Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog.
A senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un sought to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit.
U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo to meet with top North Korean official Kim Yong Chol -- Photos: U.S. Department of State / South Korean Government / KOGL Type 1
Kim Yong Chol, the former military intelligence chief and one of the North Korean leader's closest aides, landed mid-afternoon on an Air China flight from Beijing. Associated Press journalists saw the plane taxi down the tarmac before the North's delegation disembarked at JFK International Airport.
During his unusual visit to the U.S., Kim Yong Chol planned to meet with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who was traveling up from Washington. Their talks will be aimed at determining whether a meeting between Trump and Kim Jong-un, originally scheduled for June 12 but later canceled by Trump, can be restored, U.S. officials have said.
The talks come as preparations for the highly anticipated summit in Singapore were barreling forward both in the U.S. and in Asia, despite lingering uncertainty about whether it will really occur, and when.
North Korea's flurry of diplomatic activity following a torrid run in nuclear weapons and missile tests in 2017 suggests that Kim Jong-un is eager for sanctions relief to build his economy and the international legitimacy the summit with Trump would provide. But there are lingering doubts on whether Kim will ever fully relinquish his nuclear arsenal, which he may see as his only guarantee of survival in a region surrounded by enemies.
Trump announced that Kim Yong Chol was coming to New York for talks with Pompeo in a tweet on Tuesday in which he said he had a "great team" working on the summit. That was a shift from last week, when Trump announced in an open letter to Kim Jong-un that he had decided to "terminate" the summit following a provocative statement from the North.
Pompeo, Trump's former CIA chief, has traveled to Pyongyang twice in recent weeks for meetings with Kim Jong-un, and has said there is a "shared understanding" between the two sides about what they hope to achieve in talks. South Korean media speculated that Pompeo could make a third trip to Pyongyang and that Kim Yong Chol was carrying a personal letter from Kim Jong-un and might push to travel to Washington to meet with Trump.
North Korea's mission to the United Nations in New York is its sole diplomatic presence in the United States. That suggests Kim might have chosen to first go to New York because it would make it easier for him to communicate with officials in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. North Korea and the United States are still technically at war and have no diplomatic ties because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty.
Trump views a summit as a legacy-defining opportunity to make the nuclear deal that has evaded others, but he pledged to walk away from the meeting if he believed the North wasn't serious about discussing dismantling its nuclear program.
After the North's combative statements, there was debate inside the Trump administration about whether it marked a real turn to belligerence or a feint to see how far Kim Jong-un could push the U.S. in the lead-up to the talks. Trump had mused that Kim's "attitude" had changed after the North Korean leader's surprise visit to China two weeks ago, suggesting China was pushing Kim away from the table. Trump's letter, the aides said, was designed to pressure the North on the international stage for appearing to have cold feet.
White House officials maintain that Trump was hopeful the North was merely negotiating but that he was prepared for the letter to mark the end of the two-month flirtation. Instead, the officials said, it brought both sides to the table with increasing seriousness, as they work through myriad logistical and policy decisions to keep June 12 a viable option for the summit.
Kim Yong Chol is a vice chairman of the North Korean ruling party's central committee. The last official of his stature to visit the United States was Jo Myong Rok, the late first vice chairman of the National Defense Commission, who visited Washington in 2000, South Korea's Unification Ministry said.
The White House emphasized that it has remained in close contact with South Korean and Japanese officials as preparations for the talks continue. Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Trump will host Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on June 7 to coordinate their thinking ahead of the summit. Trump hosted South Korean President Moon Jae-in last week.
Moon, who has lobbied hard for nuclear negotiations between Trump and Kim Jong-un, held a surprise meeting with the North Korean leader on Saturday in an effort to keep the summit alive.
___
Lederman reported from Washington and Bodeen from Beijing. Associated Press writers Jill Colvin, Zeke Miller and Catherine Lucey in Washington and Hyung-Jin Kim and Kim Tong-Hyung in Seoul, South Korea, contributed to this report.
What We're Following ~ Stories of interest from around the Web
Search for: Archives Select Month August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006
By Scott T. Sterling
Controversial musician Kid Rock has come out in strong support of the women accusing powerful Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of sexual harassment.
Related: Kid Rock Release Country Rocker ‘Tennessee Mountain Top'
Hollywood has been rocked by the reports of Weinstein's behavior which broke this week after years of rumors and innuendo.
“I do not know all the women who have come forward per the New York Times piece on Harvey Weinstein and I am not a fan of many of them, in many ways, especially of their politics (I am certain they are not too fond of me or mine as well!),” Rock wrote on his official website.
“But I applaud their courage to come forward and support them all 100%. Most of us in the entertainment business have heard of these disgusting stories for years about these scumbag heads of studios, record labels, Fortune 500 companies, etc and how they prey on young women and men, especially in Hollywood,” he continued.
“Why even comment on this and put my own neck out there in a fight that's not mine? For my granddaughter, my sisters, my mother, my fiancé, but mostly for the people who have no voice. And I am also not beholden or scared of anyone!,” the rocker added.
“Once again, I support you ladies and I am sure you will not be the last to come forward now that the dam has burst,” Kid Rock wrote at the end of the post. “I do wish for the most positive outcomes for all involved and for some real change in this disgusting space.”
See Kid Rock's full statement here.
Martin G. Diaz DOB: 10-3-64
5530 Flynn Road
Port Allen, LA 70767
Charge: Driving While Intoxicated
Sentence: 6 months parish jail. Credit for time served.
Jason M. Thompson DOB: 12-30-73
125 Jay Street
Brusly, LA 70719
Charge: Driving While Intoxicated
Sentence: 6 months parish jail/suspended. 1 year supervised probation with a $40 a
month supervision fee. Special condition pay $300 fine, $311.50 court cost,
$125 Indigent Defender Fund, $125 Criminal Court Fund. Attend
Substance Abuse Driver Improvement or serve 8 days in the parish jail.
Perform four (4) eight-hour days of community service or serve 2 days
in the parish jail. Get substance abuse evaluation and treatment. Random
Drug Screens.
Evan M. Tullos DOB: 10-8-95
14434 Waterloo
Ventress, LA 70783
Charge: Driving While Intoxicated Second Offense
Sentence: 6 months parish jail.
Richard J. Ward, Jr.
District Attorney
West Baton Rouge Parish
The winner between Rwanda and Tanzania will face Uganda Cranes, who are tipped to go past the winner between South Sudan and Somalia.
Rwead more
3 Compelling Hours of Experts, and Authors Pursuing The Truth No Matter Where It Leads
9:06-9:28a ET - Bruce Kauffmann - It's Independence Day over America. Happy 4th of July. The award-winning syndicated columnist, historian, author and speaker remembers and shares.
9:32-9:42a ET - Dan Mitchell - Trump Stands Firm On Tariffs Decision. Chairman of Center For Freedom And Prosperity breaks it down.
9:46-9:58a ET - James Hirsen - Hollywood Aligns with the Democrats to Try and Get Rid of ICE. New York Times best-selling author, commentator, media analyst and law professor talks.
10:06-10:29a ET - Scott Huesing - What does Independence Day mean to a combat war veteran and bestselling author? Listen and be inspired.
10:32-10:42a ET - Brad Wilcox - Black Men are Making it in America” finds sociologist, an AEI visiting scholar, who has just released his findings on the engines of economic success for black men in the US
10:46-10:58a ET - Andrea Kaye - Lots of Buzz Around The Water Cooler and the TV/Radio personality has the 911 including Trump's SCOTUS nominee and will Stzrok tell the whole truth and nothing but?
11:06-11:29a ET - Steve Cortes - The CNN Political Commentator discusses the weeks the biggest hits, from Tuesday's Primary results to Mad Max and Kennedy retirement.
11:32-11:42a ET - Dr Gracie Pozo Christie - Policy Advisor for The Catholic Association responds to Pro-Life Victory this week at the US Supreme Court
11:46-11:58a ET - Brady Jandreau - Star of the movie, The Rider talks about the movie and the story behind it.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Christian Del Bianco taking a spot in the Coquitlam Adanacs' crease this B.C. Junior A Lacrosse League season is a little like Thatcher Demko going back to minding his old Boston College net for another campaign.
Take a deep breath, Vancouver Canucks fans. That's not about to happen. Goalie of the future Demko, age 22, is moving along in the Vancouver ranks and could well see extended NHL time this coming third season in the Canucks' fold.
Lacrosse is a different animal. It has distinct summer club and winter pro seasons.
Summer has age restrictions. Del Bianco, who turns 21 in August, is in his final junior campaign before moving onto the senior level a year from now.
The winter National Lacrosse League tries to attract the best and the brightest. Players get a paycheque (teams have salary caps of $400,000), which means most are drafted once they are finished four years of field lacrosse at university.
Some, like Del Bianco, opt to forgo their NCAA eligibility. He just completed his third year with the NLL's Calgary Roughnecks. Despite being the fourth youngest player in the nine-team league, Del Bianco wound up as Calgary's starting netminder, highlighted by backstopping them to a 15-12 first-round playoff win on the road against the Colorado Mammoth, who are coached by Adanacs bench boss Pat Coyle.
Calgary's season came to an end May 13, when it lost 15-13 to Saskatchewan Rush. The Rush roster includes Dan Dawson, 36, whose last Junior A game came in 2002.
“They are different leagues and there are different little facets and different rules,” said Del Bianco, whose Adanac team carried a 5-1-1 record into a home game Wednesday night against the Port Coquitlam Saints. “No matter what, you have to stop the ball. I know it's easy to just say that, but it's the truth. Stop the ball. It doesn't matter how.”
He was dominant at the 2016 Minto Cup at the Langley Events Centre, copping most valuable player honours as Coquitlam ended a five-year run for Ontario teams in the Junior A club national championship. He also helped the Adanacs get back to the Minto Cup last year in Brampton, where they lost to the eastern powerhouse Six Nations Arrows.
This winter, Del Bianco led the NLL in goals against average (10.50) and save percentage (.793), while putting together a 7-6 record in the Roughnecks' 18-game schedule.
It's undeniable. There are expectations on him, especially with another season in junior. He maintains that he tries to “focus on what I can control.” More telling, and maybe more daunting if you're an opponent, is that he comes off as especially motivated.
“I am more in love with the game than ever,” he said.
Del Bianco is not the giant you often see guarding the net in lacrosse. He lists himself at 5-foot-11, 200 pounds, and he may be exaggerating on both counts. One of the goalies he studied growing up was Tyler Richards, a similar-sized backstop who played his junior with the Adanacs.
Oddly enough, Richards, now 31, tried to catch on at training camp with the Roughnecks, but wound up behind Del Bianco and Frank Scigliano.
Richards was in conversation for best goalie in the game eight or so years ago, back when he was helping the New Westminster Salmonbellies to Mann Cup Senior A club national championship appearances and the then-Washington Stealth to NLL playoff success when they were based in Everett.
Of late, he's had issues with concussions, and he's bounced to various teams, both in the winter and summer. He's on the roster this summer of the Western Lacrosse Association's Langley Thunder.
“Having him in training camp around was huge for me,” said Del Bianco. “He's seen every side of the game. He gives you good perspective.”
sewen@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/SteveEwen
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
Local Government Minister Francis Kaboneka has condemned bad politics which he said was the force behind the 1994 Genocide against the Tutsi.
Rwead more
In May 2017, a Supreme Court Bench consisting of L Nageswara Rao and Navin Sinha confirmed the conviction of a woman for the murder of her husband. This conviction was based on the solitary testimony of her 12-year-old son, who witnessed the murder — he noticed that his mother was present while two assassins killed his father, and his mother asked him to leave the room on the word of one of the assassins. The trial court as well as the Punjab and Haryana High Court have stated that the testimony of the child is reliable and can be admissible in court. The 12-year-old also correctly identified the two appellants who were at the scene of the crime. The apex court in this case (Satish and Anr Etc v State of Haryana) stated that it found no reason why it should interfere with the conviction, and dismissed the appeals.
Justice Navin Singh pointed out to some alarming facts that affected the decision of the Bench. He stated that - “We do find it a little strange, according to normal human behaviour, that at the dead of night, the appellant after witnessing an assault on her own husband, did not rush to the house of PW-1 for informing the same and sent her minor son for the purpose. The fact that she created no commotion by shouting and seeking help reinforces the prosecution case because of her unnatural conduct. We also cannot lose sight of the fact that the child witness was not deposing against another family member or a stranger, but his own mother. It would call for courage and conviction to name his own mother, as the child was grown up enough to understand the matter as a witness to a murder.”
The present case is interesting because it looks at a murder conviction on the basis of the sole testimony of a child. In the past, the subject of child testimonies have been wrought with controversies as the evidence or testimony provided by a child was not absolute in nature. In this case too, the appellant claimed that the child had been tutored to testify against his mother. The Indian judiciary has a few criteria for the admissibility of of a testimony; this is supplemented by the Indian Evidence Act, and relevant judgments of the courts. Section 118 of the Indian Evidence Act is states that “All persons shall be competent to testify unless the Court considers that they are prevented from understanding the questions put to them, or from giving rational answers to those questions, by tender years…” A test called the ‘voir dire test' (oath to tell the truth) was devised to decide the competency of a child witness, and it included the judge asking certain questions to the child to comprehend and test the veracity of the statements of the child.
The case Rameshwar S/o Kalyan Singh versus The State of Rajasthan (1952) reiterates this principle stating that there were essentially three conditions that are necessary for a testimony to be admissible in court — (i) the witness should be competent; (ii) that the witness understands the questions put forth to him/her; (iii) the witness must be able to provide rational answers to such questions. The Court, in this case, further held that - “It is desirable that Judges and magistrates should always record their opinion that the child understands the duty of speaking the truth and state why they think that, otherwise the credibility of the witness may be seriously affected, so much so, that in some cases it may be necessary to reject the evidence altogether. But whether the Magistrate or Judge really was of that opinion can, I think, be gathered from the circumstances when there is no formal certificate....”
Some other cases, as in the present case, tried to refute this by bringing up the fact that child witnesses may be tutored and such evidence should not be admissible in Court. However, the judiciary dealt with his question as well. In Mangoo and Anr versus State of Madhya Pradesh (1995), the Supreme Court stated that there would always be a scope to tutor the child before his/her deposition, but this is not a ground to deem the witness' testimony inadmissible. The Court in such cases should determine the veracity of such testimony by examining the evidence further and scrutinising the testimony for traces of tutoring.
Similarly, in Panchhi and Ors versus State of UP, the Court placed an immense amount of significance on the fact that for child witness, the judiciary would need a higher standard of examination of facts in such cases - “the evidence of a child witness would always stand irretrievably stigmatised. It is not the law that if a witness is a child, his evidence shall be rejected, even if it is found reliable. The law is that evidence of a child witness must be evaluated more carefully and with greater circumspection because a child is susceptible to be swayed by what others tell him and thus a child witness is an easy prey to tutoring.” Another case Nivrutti Pandurang Kokate and Ors versus State of Maharashtra (2008) states that testimonies of child witnesses should be scrutinised to ascertain that they were not delivered under a situation of undue duress and coercion — “Though it is an established principle that child witnesses are dangerous witnesses as they are pliable and liable to be influenced easily, shaped and moulded, but it is also an accepted norm that if after careful scrutiny of their evidence the court comes to the conclusion that there is an impress of truth in it, there is no obstacle in the way of accepting the evidence of a child witness.”
The present case, at hand, looks at the narrative that children are legitimate subjects in the larger workings of the judiciary. The controversies that child witnesses are not mature enough to testify in court have been dismantled by this judgment of the Supreme Court, as the judges consider the 12 year old child, in the context of the facts of the case, a person with full capacity and maturity to be produced in court, and whose testimony is admissible in court.
TORONTO – Two Ontario cabinet ministers announced Friday they won't seek re-election next year, adding to a growing tally of prominent Liberals bowing out at a time when the party struggles in the polls.
Both Deputy Premier Deb Matthews and Treasury Board President Liz Sandals, however, insist that is not the reason for their upcoming departures.
Matthews will remain as the Liberals' campaign co-chair through the election, saying she has enormous respect for Premier Kathleen Wynne.
READ MORE: Ontario premier shuffles cabinet as Glen Murray leaves for Pembina Institute
“I am confident that, on June 7, 2018, the people of Ontario will give her and her team the mandate to continue to serve,” Matthews wrote in a statement Friday.
Various polls would suggest a different outcome, however, with most putting the Liberals behind the Progressive Conservatives, and one survey even putting the Liberals in third, behind the NDP.
Sandals, 70, stressed that her 30 years of service and her age were behind her decision to retire.
READ MORE: Ontario cabinet minister Brad Duguid not seeking re-election next year
“This was a challenging decision to make because while I'm ready to be a full-time grandmother, I've never had more faith in Premier Kathleen Wynne and the Ontario Liberal Party,” she wrote in a statement.
“Over the last several months, I've spent time knocking on doors across Guelph and I know that our policies are resonating with my constituents.”
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. Sandals, who first got into politics through her local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph, Ont., and in cabinet until the election, too.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid announced last month that he would not run in next year's provincial election.
Former environment minister Glen Murray recently left government for the private sector, and Speaker Dave Levac, the Liberal representative for Brant, and Monte Kwinter, Ontario's oldest MPP, have also announced they won't seek re-election.
A new study published in Annals of Botany shows that plants react to anesthetics similarly to the way animals and humans do, suggesting plants are ideal objects for testing anesthetics actions in future.
Anesthetics were first used in the 19th century when it was discovered that inhaling ether gas stopped patients feeling pain during surgery. Since then many different chemicals have been found to induce anesthesia. However, despite the fact that many anesthetics have been used over a 150-year period, little is known about how these different compounds with no structural similarities behave as anesthetic agents inducing loss of consciousness.
Remarkably, as found in the new study, anesthetics also work on plants. Researchers found that, when exposed to anesthetics, a number of plants lost both their autonomous and touch-induced movements. Venus flytraps no longer generate electrical signals and their traps remain open when trigger hairs were touched, and growing pea tendrils stopped their autonomous movements and were immobilized in a curled shape.
The results of this study suggest that the action of anesthetic at cellular and organ levels are similar in plants and animals. This study suggests that plants are emerging as model objects to study general questions related to anesthetics, as well as to serve as a suitable alternative test system for human anesthesia.
A former bank teller in central Iowa is going to prison for stealing money from the bank.
The U.S. Attorney's Office in Des Moines reports Brian Madison of West Des Moines was sentenced to 18 months in prison for bank embezzlement. He's also been ordered to pay back the $259,000 he took from his former employer, TruBank. Investigators say the fraud was detected during a cash audit at the bank due to a corporate merger.
They say Madison embezzled the money over a nearly five-year period by moving cash from the teller drawer he used, into an unmonitored teller drawer. He then modified cash count sheets so the fraud wasn't discovered during routine cash counts.
Female boxers in search of equality with their male counterparts will have a home in New Jersey.
The New Jersey State Athletic Control Board, which oversees combat sports in the state, announced Monday that it will give female boxers the option of competing in fights with three-minute rounds, as is the case for fights involving men.
Previously, women's bouts in New Jersey were limited to having two-minute rounds -- but not because of any rule. Rather, it was merely because of the tradition that has evolved in women's boxing around the world.
Editor's Picks Adams to fight same 3-minute rounds as men British boxer Nicola Adams will fight three-minute rounds -- just like the men do -- in her next fight, which is scheduled for Saturday.
"It was tradition. We were in lockstep with everyone else," Larry Hazzard, commissioner of the NJSACB, told ESPN. "Everyone has done two-minute rounds, but the important consideration here is that we don't know of any definitive reasons why women should be limited to two-minute rounds and men fight three minutes. There is nothing we've seen that showed us that the extra minute is any different."
Some high-profile female boxers have lamented that women's bouts have been relegated to two-minute rounds, including flyweight Nicola Adams, a 2016 Olympic gold medalist for Great Britain, and lightweight Katie Taylor, a 2016 Irish Olympian and 2012 Olympic gold medalist. Both have recently turned pro and called for their rounds to be the same length as the men.
"Upon consultation with our medical staff, review of our past MMA, kickboxing and Muay Thai matches involving females, and consultation with female contestants, we feel that it is time to provide this option," Hazzard said of the three-minute rounds for women.
Hazzard said NJSACB felt it was time to treat men and women the same in boxing since they already do so in other combat sports in New Jersey.
"This agency has not required shorter round times for females in the sport of MMA, kickboxing or Muay Thai, and now the sport of professional boxing will be treated just the same as these other combat sports," Hazzard said. "We do not feel that there is conclusive medical evidence to show that females must compete at a shorter round length time than their male counterparts. There are females in all of the previously listed combat sports that are very talented, well trained and extremely skilled.
"The use of two-minute rounds will continue to be an allowable option for female contestants, in bouts where the contestants and/or promoter still desire this limitation."
Hazzard said the NJSACB has been looking at the issue for the past "couple of months."
"With decisions like this we -- the administrative staff -- don't make these decisions without consultation with our ringside physicians that we rely upon for this type of advice," he said. "And they are in concert with us."
Hazzard said the option of women fighting three-minute rounds will be offered beginning with the next time there is a female bout scheduled on a card in the state.
By Stephanie Nebehay
GENEVA (Reuters) - Fewer people are smoking worldwide, especially women, but only one country in eight is on track to meet a target of reducing tobacco use significantly by 2025, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Thursday.
Three million people die prematurely each year due to tobacco use that causes cardiovascular diseases such as heart attacks and stroke, the world's leading killers, it said, marking World No Tobacco Day. They include 890,000 deaths through second-hand smoke exposure.
The WHO clinched a landmark treaty in 2005, now ratified by 180 countries, that calls for a ban on tobacco advertising and sponsorship, and taxes to discourage use.
"The worldwide prevalence of tobacco smoking has decreased from 27 percent in 2000 to 20 percent in 2016, so progress has been made," Douglas Bettcher, director of the WHO's prevention of noncommunicable diseases department, told a news briefing.
Launching the WHO's global report on trends in prevalence of tobacco smoking, he said that industrialised countries are making faster progress than developing countries.
"One of the major factors impeding low- and middle-income countries certainly is countries face resistance by a tobacco industry who wishes to replace clients who die by freely marketing their products and keeping prices affordable for young people," he added.
Progress in kicking the habit is uneven, with the Americas the only region set to meet the target of a 30 percent reduction in tobacco use by 2025 compared to 2010, for both men and women, the WHO said.
However, the United States is currently not on track, bogged down by litigation over warnings on cigarette packaging and lags in taxation, said Vinayak Prasad of the WHO's tobacco control unit.
Parts of Western Europe have reached a "standstill", particularly due to a failure to get women to stop smoking, African men are lagging, and tobacco use in the Middle East is actually set to increase, the WHO said.
Overall, tobacco kills more than 7 million a year and many people know that it increases the risk of cancer, the WHO said.
But many tobacco users in China and India are unaware of their increased risk of developing heart disease and stroke, making it urgent to step up awareness campaigns, it said.
"The percentage of adults who do not believe smoking causes stroke are for example in China as high as 73 percent, for heart attacks 61 percent of adults in China are not aware that smoking increases the risk," Bettcher said. "We aim to close this gap."
China and India have the highest numbers of smokers worldwide, accounting for 307 million and 106 million, respectively, of the world's 1.1 billion adult smokers, followed by Indonesia with 74 million, WHO figures show. India also has 200 million of the world's 367 million smokeless tobacco users.
(Editing by Alexandra Hudson)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has asked his players to put thoughts of facing Barcelona in the Champions League out of their minds and concentrate on getting a result at Huddersfield Town in the Premier League on Tuesday.
Chelsea face Barcelona in the last 16 of Europe's elite club competition in February, but the Italian said his team could be in for another nasty surprise on the domestic front if they made the mistake of looking too far ahead.
“We must be very realistic to understand that this league is very dangerous,” Conte, whose side lost 1-0 at struggling West Ham United on Saturday, told a news conference on Monday.
“We have to go game-by-game and we have to play every game with 120 percent of our strength otherwise we risk to have a bad surprise at the end of the season.”
The Italian, who conceded that the league title was out of reach after the West Ham defeat, challenged his players to put things right at Huddersfield.
“The first thing for us is to change the final result, because we lost the game against West Ham,” he added.
”We dominated the game, we controlled the game... but at the end we lost and I think the most important thing tomorrow is to get the final result.
“I look at the present, the next game is against Huddersfield. I like to win and when we lose, I‘m not happy. This must be very clear.”
Conte reiterated that Chelsea would not be able to defend their title.
“When you lose four games in 16 games, this start in my experience you are not able to fight for the title,” he said.
“This league is not simple, and we have to fight to find a place in the Champions League. There are a lot of targets in the season.”
Chelsea is third in the table while Huddersfield are 12th.
Reader Cameron Way of Fort Collins, Colorado sent a passel of photos that, he said, depicted “playing” in his backyard. He identifies them as fox squirrels (Sciurus niger), but isn't sure.
When I asked him if they were playing or fighting, he responded, “I don't know if they were fighting, but there was a lot of this, also,” and sent two more pictures. Now I have no idea if this is mock copulation between two same-sex squirrels, real copulation, or simply a wrestling hold, but it seems that it wasn't merely playing. It could have been “practicing.”
Unconventional methods of stacking and loading kilns aren't just a space, time, and cost-effective strategy in a studio practice; loading plates and platters on their rims can also be used as an effective tool for preventing drying and tension cracks.
Over the last 26 years, I've successfully bisque fired plates and platters of many sizes and weights on their rims. The technique of stacking wheel-thrown dinner plates on their rims in a vertical formation in a bisque kiln was first introduced to me by the 5th generation Japanese potter, Noboru Kubo. However, it was after several unsuccessful attempts to fire a 24-inch diameter, 25-pound platter in a traditional, horizontal configuration that made me significantly rethink my bisque kiln stacking practices.
The most common problem encountered when bisque firing a large platter is tension cracks or the dreaded complete blow ups. During a bisque firing, water is driven out of the clay and the organic residue burns out. Stacking plates and platters on their rims in a horizontal configuration allows for better air flow around the wares for the water to be driven off, and prevents water from being trapped under the bottom, preventing the blow outs. Additionally, on larger platters that would traditionally be fired in a horizontal configuration in an electric kiln, the vertical configuration alleviates temperature strain that sometimes occurs between the center and the outside wall of the kiln, which compounds the stress on the platters and can cause cracks.
Basic Principles for Loading the Wares
Optimally a sturdy rim that is at least ¼-inch thick is suggested. To date, I have used a wide range of Laguna and Plainsman clays from stoneware to porcelain. Jodi Dawson from Australia uses Walkers porcelain with success and no warping.
To begin, much like traditional loading of wares in a top-loading electric kiln, it is suggested to not load heavy forms on lighter ones. The principle is to try to achieve a near vertical orientation. Start by testing one plate or platter to ensure your clay body is suitable. Do not load in this way if any of the elements in your electric kiln are exposed and can come in contact with the wares. A soft brick can be placed in the kiln and used to lean wares on as well, instead of leaning them on the kiln wall.
To begin, place four 10-inch stilts in the bottom of the kiln in a square composition. Next, set the sturdiest plate or platter into the kiln in a vertical composition, being careful to not set the form down too hard and chip the rim. The bottom or foot of the plate rests against wall in front of the elements, but does not touch any of the elements. Following this step, a succession of similar size forms are leaned up against each other (1) and stacked one in front of each other until the desired depth is reached or the kiln is full (2). Generally, stacking no more than 6 plates on any given point on the kiln wall is suggested until the technique is fully tested. It is optimal to place single plates around the wall of the kiln individually when space allows rather than as a multiple stack, followed by placing bowls and cups in a traditional horizontal composition in the center of the kiln. Once the bottom of the kiln is filled, place the next shelf. When loading the top of the kiln, place forms singularly, working around the wall of the kiln to ensure the weight distribution is kept even and the shelf is not pushed off the kiln posts.
Loading a bisque kiln using this technique can be a great tool when trying to save space or to eliminate the stress cracks that can occur when firing large platter forms. Happy firing!
the author Brenda Jane Danbrook is from Opal, Alberta, Canada, but currently is a MFA candidate at the University of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. To learn more, visit www.bdanbrook.com or Instagram: Bdanbrook_ceramics.
Send your tip and tool ideas, along with plenty of images, to editorial@ceramicsmonthly.org. If we use your idea, you'll receive a complimentary one-year subscription to CM!
Rovio, the Finnish company behind Angry Birds, is planning to go public “as early as next month,” Bloomberg reports.
Citing sources, Bloomberg reports the IPO could value Rovio at $2 billion and that the company could raise about $400 million from a local market listing. Though, it seems that a final decision has yet to be made, meaning Rovio may decide to stay private for longer.
Since first releasing Angry Birds in 2009, Rovio has expanded its business to include movies and other games because the company realized it could not solely rely on Angry Birds games for revenue. The release of the Angry Birds movie in 2016 helped increase game sales and earlier this year, Rovio posted 2016 revenue growth of 34 percent to 190.3 million euros with earnings of 17.5 million euros. In the year prior, Rovio posted a loss.
Back in June, news came out that Tencent was considering a $3 billion purchase of Rovio, as well as that Rovio may consider going public in the near future.
At the time, Rovio said, “A stock exchange listing at some point in the future could be possible in order to support the continued strong growth of Rovio and its strategic targets.”
I've reached out to Rovio and will update this story if I hear back.
Rarely do the movie studios give us big-budget science fiction as intelligent, scary and feverishly beautiful as “Annihilation,” Alex Garland's entrancing thriller about an expedition into the unknown. These days, alas, a smart, imaginative concept, an excellent cast (led by Natalie Portman) and across-the-board enthusiastic reviews don't necessarily translate into commercial success, which may help explain why the movie, released by Paramount to disappointing box-office numbers in the U.S., bypassed theaters and headed straight to Netflix queues in numerous other territories.
On Tuesday evening, militants carried out five attacks in three hours leaving 12 soldiers injured in what seems to be well-coordinated attacks in both south and north Kashmir. The attacks followed one after the other, leaving security forces with minimal time to react, in what was described by security forces as "throw and runaway attacks."
While many quarters were pointing fingers at the neighbour, the director general of Jammu and Kashmir dispelled rumours and reportedly said that militant group Jaish-e-Mohammad is behind the series of the attacks in the Valley, which injured 12 security personnel and four rifles were snatched from the policemen.
"According to our intelligence reports, Jaish-e-Mohammad is responsible for series of attacks on police and paramilitary personnel in south Kashmir on Tuesday," DGP S P Vaid said on Wedsnesday. "Although Hizbul Mujahedeen has larger presence in south Kashmir but the attacks were the handiwork of Jaish-e-Mohammad," he added.
If JeM is behind these attacks then it is clear indication that the dreaded militant outfit has been regrouping in the past months in the Valley. Until last year, security agencies had reported presence of less than 10 active JeM militants in Kashmir. Security personnel had also said that majority of these militants were killed in different encounters. Unlike insurgent from other groups, JeM militants have hardly survived for a long time in Kashmir.
Jaish was once considered to be the group which could be easily infiltrated and that led to its decline in Kashmir. By mid-2013, the group was on the verge of extinction when two of its last three surviving commanders were killed, leaving the outfit with a total cadre capacity of eight militants in Kashmir, the lowest since it was formed 14 years ago, Jammu and Kashmir police told Firstpost.
A senior intelligence officer, during a recent conversation with Firstpost, had said that there were reports that Jaish was trying to rebuild its cadre base in Kashmir but had little success, till last year. "We have observed that Kashmiris don't like to be associated with foreign terrorists and particularly this outfit. They don't hate them but they don't love them also for various reasons," an Army official told Firstpost recently.
Recently, however, the claims of JeM's regrouping were further boosted by Al-Umar Mujahideen chief Mushtaq Ahmad Zargar, who was released along with JeM chief Masood Azhar in exchange of Indian Airlines passengers in 1999, told local reporters that the series attacks both were carried out jointly by Al-Umar and JeM.
Pakistan national recruiting for Jaish in Kashmir?
On Wednesday a senior police officer based in south Kashmir, told Firstpost that Abu Hamas, a Pakistani national, who is among the 12 most wanted militants in Kashmir, has been actively recruiting for the group for the last few months.
In September 2016, the army had blamed JeM militants for carrying out an attack on one of its bases in Uri which left 19 soldiers dead. JeM has also carried out many suicide attacks in Army installations near the Line Of Control for the past few years. In fact, this is the outfit that introduced the concept of the suicide bombing in Kashmir when it carried out its first suicide attack in April 2000.
But if Tuesday's "throw and runaway attacks" were carried out by the outfit, this could well be the change of strategy for them in Kashmir.
JeM was founded by Maulana Masood Azhar, a fiery orator, in January 2000 after his release in Taliban-governed Kandahar, Afghanistan, from Jammu's Kot Balwal jail in exchange for passengers of hijacked IC-814 Indian Airlines plane. Azhar was arrested in Srinagar in 1994 on charges of terrorism.
Since then, JeM's signature was found in many attacks on army bases at Mohra and Tangdhar in north Kashmir, at Kathua and Samba in Jammu region, and at Pathankot airbase in Punjab. Following Tuesday's attacks, the Director General of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) Rajiv Rai Bhatnagar on Wednesday said that the CRPF camps in Jammu and Kashmir have been put on a state of high alert.
"The morale of our contingent is very high and they are trying to maintain law and order with their professional competence," he said.
ISLAMABAD, Apr 18 (APP): The World Bank has projected the growth of Pakistan's industrial sector at 7.7 per cent by 2019.
According to the twice-a-year South Asia Economic Focus report, the growth of industrial sector by the end of current fiscal year is estimated to remain at 6.1 per cent in Fiscal Year 2017 while in 2018 it would grow at 7.0 per cent.
Large Scale Manufacturing (LSM) growth (Year-o-Year ) remained at 3.9 percent during the first half of FY2017, supported by growth in automobiles,construction, food and beverages, pharmaceuticals, and fertilizer.
The China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) projects have supported construction activity, which is expected to stimulate industrial sector growth in the second half of FY2017.
Similarly the report also predicted a significant growth of 3.4 per cent in agricultural sector in FY 17 while it would grow by 2.9 per cent in 2018 and 3.3 per cent in 2019.
“After a weak performance in FY2016, the agriculture sector picked up during the first half of FY2017 due to better cotton, sugarcane, and maize crops”, the report added.
Furthermore, the services sector of the country is also projected to grow at 5.6 per cent in FY 17, 5.8 per cent in FY 18 and 6.0 per cent in FY 19.
The exports of goods and services have also been projected to grow at 0.2 per cent in FY 17 as compared to the negative growth of 4.8 per cent last year.
The World Bank projected that this sector would continue to grow next year as well to 4.4 per cent and to 4.5 per cent in 2019.
Regarding the overall economic growth, the report added that with growth prospects continuing to improve and inflation remaining contained, Pakistan economy would continue to grow at 5.2 percent in 2017, the World Bank (WB) predicted in its recent report.
“In Pakistan, economic activity expanded by 4.7 percent in 2016 and is expected to continue to grow at 5.2 percent in 2017 with growth prospects continuing to improve and inflation remaining contained,” says the report.
The report, however suggested that efforts to reverse the current imbalances and continued implementation of structural reforms will be needed for sustaining and accelerating growth and improving welfare.
“Slower progress in much-needed structural reforms could weaken growth prospects”, it added.
United Airlines reported strong first-quarter earnings Monday but airline executives said the carrier still needs to focus on improving customer service following the forcible removal of a passenger who refused to give up his seat.
Oscar Munoz, chief executive of United Airlines, used the upbeat earnings report taking responsibility for the ugly scene that was recorded by fellow passengers and subsequently viewed by millions worldwide.
“This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company, and we are more determined than ever to put customers at the center of everything we do,” he said in a statement that accompanied the Chicago-based carrier's earnings report.
United posted first-quarter net income of $96 million, or 31 cents a share, down from $313 million, or 88 cents, in the same period last year.
But excluding special items, United earned 41 cents a share, beating an average of 38 cents a share projected by analysts who were surveyed by Thomson Reuters. The special items included $37 million in severance and benefit costs.
First-quarter revenue was $8.4 billion, up 2.7%.
Expenses at the airline increased 7.9% to $8.1 billion largely because of higher fuel and labor costs.
The April 9 incident involving passenger Dr. David Dao of Elizabethtown, Ky., who was dragged out of his seat to make room for United employees, is sure to be discussed Tuesday morning during a conference call with analysts.
Dao suffered a broken nose and a concussion and lost two teeth in the bloody scuffle. Three officers involved in pulling him out of his seat have been suspended from the Chicago Department of Aviation. The names of the officers have not been released.
Dao has hired Chicago lawyer Thomas Demetrio to represent him in what is likely to be a multimillion-dollar lawsuit.
A hearing scheduled for Monday was canceled because United and the city of Chicago “agreed to preserve and protect the evidence requested,” including video and other records, Demetrio said in a statement.
The airline has said it is reviewing its policies around flights where too many tickets have been sold. Results of that review are expected by the end of the month. United already has announced some changes, including requiring United employees traveling for work to book seats at least an hour in advance to avoid displacing customers already onboard an aircraft.
United also said it will not ask law enforcement officers to remove passengers from flights unless it is a matter of safety and security and plans to improve training programs “to ensure our employees are prepared and empowered to put our customers first.”
The airline industry has enjoyed more than two years of exceptionally strong earnings thanks to steady demand for air travel, relatively cheap fuel and a surge in revenue from fees to check bags, upgrade seats and to purchase food, drinks and onboard entertainment.
Analysts have been predicting that airline profits would begin to flatten this year partly because of a slight increase in fuel and labor costs.
Chicago Tribune reporter Laura Zumbach contributed to this report.
hugo.martin@latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries, follow @hugomartin on Twitter.
The hammer wielded by Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman are among the pieces of movie memorabilia set to be sold at auction.
The purple suit and white mask with green hair and the huge hammer are expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000 each when they are sold at Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction on September 26, which features pieces of film history collectively worth between £2 million and £3 million.
The helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to fetch between £30,000 and £50,000 while the helmet and tunic worn by Ian McKellen to play Magneto in the 2000's X-Men is expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000.
The tunic worn by Christopher Reeve in Superman IV: The Quest For Peace in 1987 is expected to sell for more than £8,000 while the Catwoman costume worn by Julie Newmar in the Batman TV series between 1966 and 1969 is poised to fetch more than £15,000.
Film fans will be able to see 300 of the lots when they go on display at the BFI IMAX in London on September 7.
Stephen Lane, CEO of Prop Store, said: "We all love a good superhero and we're thrilled to be featuring such super props and costumes in our upcoming auction.
"If you're a fan of Marvel or DC, heroes or villains, blockbusters or the classics, we've got you covered with items from the nostalgic 1960s Batman series to the contemporary Guardians of the Galaxy."
The auction will be livestreamed online and registration and bidding is now open. Bids can be placed online at www.propstore.com/liveauction or over the phone or in person.
Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction, presented by Odeon, will take place at the BFI IMAX Waterloo on September 26 at 12pm.
Humane Society executive director resigns amid sexual harassment allegations
The chief executive director of The Humane Society of the United States resigned following sexual harassment allegations. The New York Times reports that Wayne Pacelle resigned Friday after donors and employees of the animal protection group began calling for him to step down over the allegations.
In an email to staff, Pacelle said that because “our mission depends on unity,” he was stepping aside to allow a search for a successor to begin “and to put aside any distractions, in the best interests of all parties.”
In a news release announcing the resignation, Rick Bernthal, Chairman of the Board of The Humane Society, said the last few days have been hard for the group's family of staff and supporters.
Kitty Block has been named acting president and CEO for The Humane Society.
Author: AP, CBS News
"I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country."
During an appearance on ABC's This Week, White House senior policy adviser Stephen Miller took aim at court rulings temporarily halting the implementation of the Trump administration's executive order on immigration.
Several states have sued the Trump administration over its executive order that temporarily blocks immigration and travel from seven countries in the Middle East and Africa. A federal trial court judge in Seattle ruled on Feb. 3 that the federal government could not enforce the executive order while the case is pending.
So lawyers for the administration appealed that decision to the 9th Circuit, which hears cases from most of the western United States. On Feb. 9, a panel of three judges ruled unanimously to affirm the Seattle judge's decision. (The court didn't rule on whether the executive order is legal. That will happen later.)
On the Feb. 12, 2017, edition of This Week, host George Stephanopoulos asked Miller whether he was "calling into question the legitimacy" of the judges who ruled on the case.
Miller responded, "I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. For instance, the district judge in Seattle said that there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries and our country. That is a factually false statement."
Miller went on to say that "there's at least several dozen -- perhaps many more than that -- cases of terrorism from these countries that have happened in the United States in terms of terroristic plots, terroristic activity, material support for terrorism, supporting terrorism overseas, all different kinds of terroristic activity that's been interdicted in the United States tracing back to these seven countries."
This data appears to come from a report by the Center for Immigration Studies, a group that is generally critical of high levels of immigration. On Feb. 11, 2017, after the hearing, the center released a report titled, "Study Reveals 72 Terrorists Came From Countries Covered by Trump Vetting Order."
Our friends at the Washington Post Fact Checker analyzed the report and concluded that it was "pretty thin gruel on which to make sweeping claims about the alleged threat posed to the United States by these seven countries," because many of the cases involved charges removed from actual terrorism, such as "passport fraud, visa fraud and making fraudulent claims to federal investigators," and because about two dozen people on the list "were not charged with any crimes relating to providing material support to known or suspected terrorist activities or organizations." The Fact Checker gave it Three Pinocchios, the column's second-worst rating.
We won't analyze the Center for Immigration Studies report, because we found a more fundamental concern with Miller's comment, regardless of whether the center's report is fully accurate and relevant.
It involves this part of Miller's statement: "I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country."
When we looked at the ruling by U.S. District Court Judge James L. Robart, we found no such assertion by the judge.
However, Jessica M. Vaughan, the author of the Center for Immigration Studies report, pointed to something else -- the oral argument before the district court judge.
Here's the relevant portion of the oral argument:
JUDGE JAMES ROBART: "How many arrests have there been of foreign nationals for those seven countries since 9/11?"
GOVERNMENT LAWYER MICHELLE BENNETT: "Your honor, I don't have that information. I'm from the Civil Division if that -- if that helps get me off the hook any." (Laughter)
ROBART: "Well, let me tell you. The answer to that is none, as best I can tell. So, I mean, you know, you're here arguing on behalf of someone that says we have to protect the United States from these individuals coming from these countries, and there's no support for that."
BENNETT: "Your honor, I think the point is that because this is a question of foreign affairs, because this is an area where Congress has delegated authority to the president to make these determinations, it's the president that gets to make the determinations. And the court doesn't have authority to look behind those determinations."
Assuming this is what Miller was referring to -- and the White House did not clarify the point for PolitiFact -- then he has a point. But it did not come in the ruling, contrary to what Miller indicated. Rather, it was made in an oral argument -- a less salient piece of evidence, legal experts said.
"Ordinarily, one would look to the opinion rather than an exchange in oral argument because opinions have legal effect and statements in oral argument don't," said Kermit Roosevelt, a University of Pennsylvania law professor.
Roosevelt added that it's not unheard of for a judge to reconsider a statement they had made during an oral argument and decide to leave it out while drafting the opinion.
In the meantime, by focusing on the district court judge's comment, Miller glosses over the fact that the appeals court -- which unanimously upheld the lower court's decision to put the administration's executive order on hold -- stated a conflicting view.
Here's the relevant portion of the appeals court' ruling:
"The Government has pointed to no evidence that any alien from any of the countries named in the Order has perpetrated a terrorist attack in the United States. Rather than present evidence to explain the need for the Executive Order, the Government has taken the position that we must not review its decision at all. We disagree, as explained above."
The three-judge panel reinforced this point with a footnote:
"Although the Government points to the fact that Congress and the Executive identified the seven countries named in the Executive Order as countries of concern in 2015 and 2016, the Government has not offered any evidence or even an explanation of how the national security concerns that justified those designations, which triggered visa requirements, can be extrapolated to justify an urgent need for the Executive Order to be immediately reinstated."
These passages didn't affirmatively state that there was "no indication of terrorism," as Miller said, but rather that the government didn't present any such evidence. This may seem like a fine distinction, but it's an important one, according to legal scholars.
"The court is saying that the government has given it no evidence -- not that no evidence exists, or that it's conducted its own search for evidence and found none," Roosevelt said. "Generally speaking, courts rely on parties to produce the evidence."
Stephen W. Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University law professor who specializes in immigration, agreed that this interpretation was "perfectly reasonable."
"The 9th Circuit panel merely said that the administration didn't present evidence of terrorism, not that they ruled that no terrorism had occurred," he said.
Ilya Shapiro, senior fellow in constitutional studies at the libertarian Cato Institute, said our interpretation was "fair," though he added that it was "beside the point."
As it defended against the lawsuits, Shapiro said, the government argued that "it doesn't need to show evidence -- that courts are supposed to defer to executive judgments on national security."
Vaughn of the Center for Immigration Studies suggested that the appeals court seemed to be "trying to cover for Judge Robart ... by restating his erroneous idea in a narrower way."
But Yale-Loehr and Roosevelt both told PolitiFact that the omissions are notable.
Roosevelt said he found it "troubling" that Miller seemed to imply that the judge "made a mistake of fact that has consequences for the soundness of the decision, without acknowledging that it was the government's obligation to provide the correct facts, and in fact the judge started out by asking for those facts."
Our ruling
Miller said, "I'm calling into question the accuracy of the ruling. The district judge in Seattle said there was no indication of terrorism from these seven countries in our country."
Miller's comments seemed to reference the ruling -- the only part of the case record with legal authority. But no such statement was included in the ruling. And while the judge did make a comment along those lines during oral arguments, citing this ignores a contradictory claim in the appeals court ruling.
We rate Miller's statement Mostly False.
https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/af06f1e4-cf49-4b8d-8895-27c8cc3f0cd6
Colin Tizzard: has had a stunning run over the Christmas period PICTURE: Edward Whitaker (racingpost.com/photos)
Tizzard team out for more National success
THE Colin Tizzard team have been carrying all before them lately and Sartorial Elegance has an obvious chance of providing them with a second National winner just six days after Native River won the Welsh version at Chepstow.
RELATED LINKS 2.50 Plumpton card
The six-year-old has taken a 15lb hike up the handicap for his easy defeat of Tothemoonandback here last month, but that came on just his third start over fences and he has plenty of scope for improvement.
"He's gone up 15lb for winning what was an ordinary race here, but he did it really nicely and certainly looks like a horse heading in the right direction," said Joe Tizzard, assistant trainer to father Colin.
"It's another step up but he looks like one of the few improvers in the race and the earlier Fontwell run has turned out strong form. Track and trip suit and he's got an obvious chance," added Tizzard.
Sartorial Elegance is bred to improve again over this longer trip, and his opponents are largely exposed, although Tothemoonandback should not be underestimated on these revised terms.
As for his rivals, Dawson City remains a novice over fences after eight attempts, but this race looks made for him, just as it did 12 months ago when the meeting was abandoned at the halfway stage owing to atrocious conditions and the big race postponed until the end of March.
He has not enjoyed much luck and last time was brought down in the Wincanton chase in which there were no finishers, but he stays well and enjoys soft ground.
YERUSHALAYIM -
Monday, December 11, 2017 at 5:10 pm |
Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto (R) speaks with Greek Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias during a meeting of EU foreign ministers at the Europa building in Brussels on Monday, where they met with Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu.
(AP Photo/Virginia Mayo)
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Monday that if Iran is allowed to realize its ambitions in Syria, it will result in regional conflagration.
“If Iran makes good on its threat, it will do so by utilizing 80,000 Shiite fighters, which will cause religious wars to erupt again,” Netanyahu said in a press briefing shortly before returning to Israel after his meetings with European Union officials in Brussels, Ynet reported on Monday night.
It was a somber conclusion to a head-on confrontation with his European critics.
Upon his arrival for the informal talks in Brussels, Netanyahu said he expected “all or most” European countries would follow the U.S. lead in recognizing Yerushalayim as the capital of Israel.
However, in a two-hour meeting, EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini told Netanyahu it was not to be.
“He can keep his expectations for others, because from the European Union member states' side, this move will not come,” she said afterwards, adding that the bloc — the Palestinians' largest donor — would stick to the “international consensus” on Yerushalayim.
Nevertheless, Netanyahu described the talks with the foreign ministers of “almost all of the 28 EU member states” as “respectful from both sides.”&
Respectful, but also blunt.
“I stressed we have to find a new discourse on the region,” Netanyahu told the ministers and then urged them to “stop pampering the Palestinians.”&
“I think the Palestinians need a reality check. You have to stop cutting them slack. That's the only way to move forward towards peace,” the prime minister asserted.
On the plane to Yerushalayim after the meetings on Monday, Netanyahu told reporters that he was asked whether he accepts the two-state solution, and that he replied by asking the ministers what kind of state the second one would be:
“Would it be Costa Rica or Yemen?” The former is a stable democracy in Central America, while the latter is in a state of war-blighted anarchy.
Netanyahu said he told the EU ministers that Israel insists on ironclad security arrangements and that the Palestinians recognize Israel as a Jewish state. The refusal to recognize a nation-state for the Jewish people in any boundaries, he said, is the source of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, not territorial disputes.
“It's time to say these things,” Netanyahu told the reporters. “I said that without addressing the root of the conflict, we will remain without progress.”
A Belleville man died following a vehicle crash south of Bancroft on Tuesday afternoon.
OPP responded to the crash around 3:30 p.m. along Highway 62 between Old Hastings and Upper Turriff roads, a 30-kilometre stretch.
READ MORE: Fatal tractor trailer collision closes Hwy. 401 westbound near Napanee
Police, firefighters and paramedics discovered a vehicle which left the roadway and struck a rock cut.
Police say the driver, Roger Walsh, 71, of Belleville, was pronounced dead at the scene.
The cause of the collision remains under investigation.
“The cause of the death is unknown at this time pending an autopsy report,” police said.
A day after asking for the public's help, police in Florida say an unusual incident involving a seemingly unconscious woman and her boyfriend was an accident.
On Tuesday, the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office posted a video online showing a woman falling out of an SUV in the middle of an intersection. The man driving is seen calmly stopping his vehicle and dragging the woman back inside, then driving off as other drivers watch.
Police said they wanted to locate the woman to make sure she was safe, in a tweet on Tuesday.
WARNING DISTURBING VIDEO- We Need Your Help! Do you know who this is or recognize this vehicle? Detectives need to find the person who fell out of this Ford Expedition at E. 131 Ave. and N. 15th St. yesterday to determine her well being. Please call 813-247-8200 with information. pic.twitter.com/uznhrf0P2L — HCSO (@HCSOSheriff) July 3, 2018
While the video raised eyebrows online, the police department posted hours later that the whole thing was an accident.
“The HCSO located the woman seen on a surveillance video falling from a moving vehicle in Tampa on Monday afternoon and she is safe,” a Facebook post read.
It explained that the woman, Jaiya Lee, accidentally “fell out” of the Ford Expedition, which was being driven by her boyfriend, Marquis Mills.
WATCH: Florida man charged after climbing jungle gym to scream at children
The passenger door is loose, police said, adding that Lee only suffered a rash from the fall and didn't seek medical attention.
Mills' sister and his one-year-old nephew were also in the car, and they were reportedly on their way back from Walmart.
READ MORE: Ontario man convicted of drunk driving after appeals court finds his charter rights weren't violated
“Based on witness testimony and physical evidence reviewed by detectives, no charges are pending in this investigation,” the Facebook post concluded.
But the police's decision to deem the case an unintentional accident was met with confusion by Facebook users.
WATCH: 911 calls released in shooting of 4 children by a Florida gunman
“Something is not right here,” one user named Cindy Alvarez wrote.
“He didn't seem fazed that she fell out of car,” another person named Ann Read Torres wrote of Mills. “How do you fall out of a car? He ditched SUV? Please tell me there is more investigation of this!!!”
Police said anyone with any other relevant information to the case can reach out to them.
Two civilians were killed and 19 others were injured after the PKK-affiliated People's Protection Units (YPG) fired nine rockets from Syria's Afrin which landed in the city center of Turkey's southern Kilis province and Hatay province's Reyhanlı district on Friday.
In Reyhanlı district, two civilians, 68-year-old Rıfat Sinirli and Ahmet Şanverdi were killed and 16 others were injured after three rockets hit the industrial site.
Meanwhile, three rockets hit Kilis center, causing three injuries.
The city was also targeted in YPG rocket attacks on Thursday, wounding at least five people, luckily none with life threatening injuries.
Since the beginning of Turkey's Operation Olive Branch to clear PKK/KCK/PYD/YPG and Daesh terrorists from northwestern Syria's Afrin, terrorists have indiscriminately targeted the border provinces of Kilis and Hatay's Reyhanlı district with rockets, killing five civilians and injuring some 65 others.
Prime Minister Binali Yıldırım said Friday that YPG attacks on civilians would not affect Turkey's firmness on clearing terrorist from the Syrian border. "They fired 82 rockets in 12 days. Five of our citizens were killed, more than 100 were wounded. So will we wait and see their actions? No, we will clear them from our borders," he said during a ceremony in Ankara.
On Jan. 21, two rockets fired by YPG terrorists killed one Syrian national and injured 46 civilians, including 16 Syrians in Reyhanlı. On Wednesday, five rockets landed in the district, killing a 17-year-old high school student and injuring two others.
Whereas in Kilis, two people were killed and 11 others were injured when a rocket fired from YPG-held areas in Afrin hit a 17th century mosque in the city center on Jan. 24 while prayers were ongoing.
Both Kilis, a city of 150,000 with Syrian migrants constituting more than the local population, and Reyhanlı, a town of 100,000 people with one-third made up by Syrians, have been targeted by various factions of the Syrian Civil War since 2011.
Kilis was frequently targeted by Daesh terrorists with rockets, artillery and mortar fire starting late 2015, killing more than 20 people and injuring dozens more. Daesh attacks on Kilis were among the primary reasons for the launch of Operation Euphrates Shield on Aug. 24, 2016, clearing the terrorist groups from northern Syrian towns of Jarablous, al-Rai, Dabiq and al-Bab.
Reyhanlı was targeted in 2013 with a twin car bombing that left 52 people dead, which was Turkey's deadliest terror attack at the time. The attack was widely perceived as provocation by Syrian intelligence aimed at causing a rift between Sunnis and Arab Alawites living in the region, which is known to have a diverse ethnic and religious population.
iOS and Android have gotten more and more alike and some of the iPhone's features such as AirDrop, Touch ID and Night Shift are easily replced by third party apps like Insrashare or supported by latest versions of Android. But there are still some things that make Apple's devices stand out of the box.
According to Gadgets 360 the best thing about iOS device are no matter where you are or what carrier you use, there is a very good chance that user will receive the newest iOS software update at the same time when everyone else does. This is only possible because of one company making the hardware and the software, unlike Android companies which has many stakeholders in the process of update. In the result even the latest Android phone take a long time to receive software updates.
As per IndionTv Some Android phones like Huawei Mate S have a 3D touch like interaction, this feature is still mostly exclusive to iOS. 3D Touch detects fluctuating levels of pressure on a phone display. Although 3D Touch isn't the most intuitive experience, it can be helpful at times
Advertisement
Control Center is a universally accessible set of toggles and shortcuts on iOS. That's not unique. However, which also includes universal media playback controls. No matter which app is playing media - be it Apple Music, Spotify, Saavn, Gaana and so on, Control Center can be used for all media playback.
Meanwhile on Android, each app has its own playback controls, which can make things confusing. Also, once user quit the app, the media controls disappear, so if they want to resume listening to something, then user have to launch the app again.
While having an iPhone will give the above advantages, owning other Apple devices too unlocks several other unique advantages that users just can't get with any other ecosystem. For example, you can answer phone calls on your Apple computer. User can also copy something on an iPhone, and paste it to thieir Mac, or vice-versa. With AirDrop, user can also copy and paste files over Wi-Fi, quickly and easily. These little conveniences aren't built into today's Android phones.
iMessage is an iOS-exclusive messaging platform with a number of useful features. It's handy because it consolidates your SMSs and iMessage conversations in a single app. Also, it seamlessly syncs messages across all Apple devices
Another interesting iOS feature around apps is Family Sharing. For this to work, you and your family all have to be using Apple devices
× Expand Photo by Kevin Graveman Alton senior Matthew Daniel (middle, front row) announced that he will be swimming at St. Leo University next year. Daniel is flanked by Noah Clancy (front row, left) and Caden Akal (front row, right) and Tidalwaves/Summers-Port coach Nancy Miller (top row).
Matthew Daniel will be heading south next year.
The Alton senior announced on May 30 that he will continue his successful swimming career at St. Leo University in St. Leo, Fla., an NCAA Division II school north of Tampa.
Daniel will join a St. Leo program that has been one of the successful swimming programs the last several years. The Lions, coached by Paul Mangen, finished eighth at the national meet in 2016.
Daniel will continue a swimming career that started before entering first grade. He swam for the Tri-City Area YMCA Tidalwaves and the Summers-Port Sharks every year and competed with the Alton High swimming team.
Last winter, Daniel helped the Redbirds boys swimming team turn in a successful season, qualifying for the state meet in a school-record seven events and winning sectional titles in four of them. He competed at state in four events – the 200-yard freestyle, 100-yard butterfly and the 200-yard medley and freestyle relays.
Daniel also competed in the YMCA Short Course Nationals in April at Greensboro, N.C., helped the 200-yard freestyle relay team – which also included brothers Cole and Caden Akal and Noah Clancy – place sixth in A-finals competition, making it the first time a team from the Alton area competed in the national finals.
Daniel also placed fifth in the 200-yard butterfly and seventh in the 100-yard freestyle and finished with personal-best times in four events (100 freestyle, 50 freestyle, 100 butterflies and 200 butterfly).
Daniel holds a total of 26 records for the Tidalwaves, the most in program history.
Last summer, Daniel helped Summers-Port win its 23rd straight Southwestern Illinois Swim Association championship.
Many things fall apart. Over the past week, the 45-day outlook for solar flux and planetary A index at ftp://ftp.swpc.noaa.gov/pub/forecasts/45DF/ has been in a failure mode (probably at the US Air Force end, based on experience) with no new predictions for three days, October 2-4. This is the longest outage that I recall for this resource.
Thanks to AD0IU, Space Scientist at the Space Weather Prediction Center for straightening this out.
Two weeks ago, my e-mail account (at Gmail, although forwarded from k7ra@arrl.net) could not successfully pass e-mail to any addresses in the arrl.org domain, which meant that ARLP038 was not posted on September 22.
Over the past week (seven days through October 4) average daily sunspot numbers rose from 27 to 32.6, and average daily solar flux rose from 84.3 to 87.9, compared to the previous seven days.
Average daily planetary A index changed from 9.9 to 16.3 and average daily mid-latitude A index (measured at a single magnetometer at Wallops Island in the state of Virginia) increased from 7.6 to 12.7.
Predicted solar flux is 85, 82, 80 and 78 on October 6-9, then 75 on October 10-12, 80 on October 13, 72 on October 14-15, 74 on October 16-18, then 78 and 80 on October 19-20, 85 on October 21-28, 86 on October 29-30, 84 on October 31, 86 on November 1-2, then 84, 81 and 75 on November 3-5, 72 on November 6-11, 74 on November 12-14, 78 and 80 on November 15-16, and 85 on November 17-19.
Predicted planetary A index is 5, 10, 12, 8, 5, 25, 30, 25, 20 and 15 on October 6-15, 8 on October 16-17, 5 on October 18-23, then 35 and 52 on October 24-25, 15 on October 26-27, then 10 and 8 on October 28-29, 5 on October 30 through November 1, then 8, 12 and 8 on November 2-4, 5 on November 5-6, 25 on November 7-9, 20 and 15 on November 10-11, 8 on November 12-13, and 5 on November 14-19.
Those predictions from USAF were sent by the Space Weather Prediction Center at 2122 UTC on October 5, 2017.
Geomagnetic activity forecast for the period October 6 to November 1, 2017 from F. K. Janda, OK1HH of the Czech Propagation Interested Group.
Geomagnetic field will be:
Quiet on October 7, 22-23, 30
Mostly quiet on October 6, 17-19, 21, 29
Quiet to unsettled October 10, 15-16, 28, 31, November 1
Quiet to active on October 8, 11, 13-14, 20, 24, 27
Active to disturbed on October 9, 12, 25-26
Amplifications of the solar wind, mostly from coronal holes, are expected on October (6,) 11-16, (17-18, 21-22, 24,) 25
Remark:
- Amplifications of the solar wind prediction is less reliable at present.
- Parenthesis means lower probability of activity enhancement and/or lower reliability of prediction.”
Fascinating story about previously unknown Hisako Koyama, a female Japanese solar observer who helped fill in the long-term record of sunspot cycles: http://bit.ly/2xNEXqR
This link has the best image of Koyama: http://bit.ly/2xjGkf0
She was born in Tokyo in 1916, retired in 1981 and died in 1997.
Check out this resource on receiving antennas (Thanks to ARRL Contest Update): https://www.w8ji.com/receiving.htm
W3LPL and K9LA discuss propagation for the upcoming contest season and predictions for the rest of the current sunspot cycle and the next one too: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPydjVi6qLw
Here is an academic paper on the ratio of the number of sunspots to the number of sunspot groups: http://bit.ly/2hQf6uG
This is an excellent article from Earth and Space Science News from the American Geophysical Union on short-term funding priorities vs the long-term record keeping needed for understanding solar cycles: http://bit.ly/2xYoOzb
Learn how an upcoming solar probe will approach the Sun closer than any other spacecraft: http://bit.ly/2hQnBWk
I'm not sure, but I think this may be the latest video from Dr. Tamitha Skov: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eav7fDO3vfc
For more information concerning radio propagation, see the ARRL Technical Information Service at http://arrl.org/propagation-of-rf-signals. For an explanation of numbers used in this bulletin, see http://arrl.org/the-sun-the-earth-the-ionosphere.
An archive of past propagation bulletins is at http://arrl.org/w1aw-bulletins-archive-propagation. More good information and tutorials on propagation are at http://k9la.us/.
Monthly propagation charts between four USA regions and twelve overseas locations are at http://arrl.org/propagation.
Instructions for starting or ending email distribution of ARRL bulletins are at http://arrl.org/bulletins.
Sunspot numbers for September 28 through October 4, 2017 were 40, 39, 38, 34, 25, 25, and 27, with a mean of 32.6. 10.7 cm flux was 90.9, 89.7, 89.4, 85.7, 86, 86.4 and 87, with a mean of 87.9. Estimated planetary A index were 55, 12, 16, 11, 7, 8, and 5, with a mean of 16.3. Estimated mid-latitude A index were 41, 8, 11, 10, 6, 8, and 5, with a mean of 12.7.
By Lucia Mutikani
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic growth slowed slightly more than initially thought in the first quarter as consumer spending rose at its weakest pace in nearly five years, but activity is already picking up against the backdrop of a tightening labor market and tax cuts.
Gross domestic product increased at a 2.2 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said on Wednesday in its second estimate of first-quarter GDP, instead of the previously reported 2.3 percent pace. While business spending was stronger than initially estimated, inventory investment was far smaller than the government reported last month.
The economy grew at a 2.9 percent rate in the fourth quarter. Economists expect a $1.5 trillion income tax cut package, which came into effect in January, will spur faster economic growth this year and lift annual GDP growth close to the Trump administration's 3 percent target.
Growth is also expected to get a boost from increased government spending. April data including retail sales, trade and industrial production suggest the economy regained speed early in the second quarter. Growth estimates for the second quarter are above a 3 percent rate.
Economists had expected first-quarter GDP growth would be unrevised at a 2.3 percent pace.
"Growth is set to rev up soon given the deficit-financed tax cuts and a big increase in federal government spending," said Scott Hoyt, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania.
An alternative measure of economic growth, gross domestic income (GDI) increased at a 2.8 percent rate in the January-March quarter, the fastest since the third quarter of 2016. GDI rose at a 1.0 percent pace in the fourth quarter.
The average of GDP and GDI, also referred to as gross domestic output and considered a better measure of economic activity, increased at a 2.5 percent rate in the first quarter. That followed a 2.0 percent rate of growth in the prior period.
The income side of the growth ledger was boosted by after-tax corporate profits, which surged at a 5.9 percent rate last quarter after rising at a 1.7 percent pace in the fourth quarter. The government slashed the corporate tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent effective January.
Wages and salaries also got a lift from lower tax rates, increasing $119.5 billion in the first quarter, an upward revision of $3.1 billion from earlier estimates.
STRONG LABOR MARKET
Separately, the ADP national employment report on Wednesday showed private sector payrolls increased by 178,000 jobs in May after rising 163,000 in April. The data was released ahead of the government's more comprehensive employment report on Friday.
According to a Reuters survey of economists, nonfarm payrolls likely increased by 188,000 jobs this month after gaining 164,000 in April. The unemployment rate is forecast unchanged at a near 17-1/2-year low of 3.9 percent.
"Job growth is still strong for this stage of the expansion but slowing as businesses are having a difficult time finding qualified workers to fill open positions," said Scott Anderson, chief economist at Bank of the West in San Francisco.
Steady growth and a robust labor market are seen encouraging the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. The U.S. central bank increased borrowing costs in March and forecast at least two more rate hikes for this year.
U.S. financial markets were little moved by the data as investors keep a wary eye on political developments in Italy. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies and prices for U.S. Treasuries were trading lower. Stocks on Wall Street rose.
Growth in consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, braked to a 1.0 percent rate in the first quarter, rather than the previously reported 1.1 percent pace. It was the slowest pace since the second quarter of 2013 and followed the fourth quarter's robust 4.0 percent rate.
Businesses accumulated inventories at a $20.2 billion rate, instead of the $33.1 billion pace estimated last month. Inventory investment contributed 0.13 percentage point to GDP growth instead of 0.43 percentage point. The smaller inventory build bodes well for second-quarter GDP growth.
The trade deficit in the first three months of the year was a bit bigger than initially thought and had no impact on the GDP growth rate. Trade was previously estimated to have added 0.20 percentage point to output.
It could contribute to GDP growth in the second quarter as another report from the Commerce Department showed the goods trade deficit falling 0.6 percent to $68.2 billion in April.
Business spending on equipment was revised up to a 5.5 percent growth rate in the January-March quarter from the 4.7 percent pace estimated last month. That was still a moderation in investment following double-digit growth in the second half of 2017. April durable goods data suggested business spending on equipment is likely to slow further in the second quarter.
Investment in homebuilding fell at a 2.0 percent rate in the first quarter instead of being unchanged as reported last month.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Share:
TOBA TEK SINGH-Local political circles have criticised the caretaker government for undue hike in petrol price.
During a media talk, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf [PTI] central vice president Chaudhry Muhammad Ashfaq said that the caretaker setup had no right to put burden on the poor masses by increasing the prices of petroleum products as it had the mandate of just few weeks. Awami Workers Party district president and candidate for PP-121 Zubair Chaudhry said that rates of commodities would definitely rise as a result of increase in POL prices. He demanded that the government should withdraw the decision and restore old prices. PPP district president and former provincial minister for women development and social welfare Begum Neelam Jabbar Chaudhry also criticized the government for its anti-people policies. She said that recent increase in petrol prices would unleash inflation upon the poor people of Pakistan. Irrigation Employees Union leader Allah Bakhsh Sial demanded that the government should revoke the order immediately.
New research finds that ‘Oumuamua, the rocky object identified as the first confirmed interstellar asteroid, very likely came from a binary star system.
“It's remarkable that we've now seen for the first time a physical object from outside our Solar System,” says lead author Dr Alan Jackson, a postdoc at the Centre for Planetary Sciences at the University of Toronto Scarborough in Ontario, Canada.
A binary star system, unlike our Sun, is one with two stars orbiting a common centre.
For the new study, published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, Jackson and his co-authors set about testing how efficient binary star systems are at ejecting objects. They also looked at how common these star systems are in the Galaxy.
They found that rocky objects like ‘Oumuamua are far more likely to come from binary than single star systems. They were also able to determine that rocky objects are ejected from binary systems in comparable numbers to icy objects.
“It's really odd that the first object we would see from outside our system would be an asteroid, because a comet would be a lot easier to spot and the Solar System ejects many more comets than asteroids,” says Jackson, who specializes in planet and solar system formation.
Once they determined that binary systems are very efficient at ejecting rocky objects, and that a sufficient number of them exist, they were satisfied that ‘Oumuamua very likely came from a binary system. They also concluded that it probably came from a system with a relatively hot, high mass star since such a system would have a greater number of rocky objects closer in.
The team suggest that the asteroid was very likely to have been ejected from its binary system sometime during the formation of planets.
‘Oumuamua, which is Hawaiian for ‘scout', was first spotted by the Haleakala Observatory in Hawaii on 19 October 2017. With a radius of 200 metres and travelling at a blistering speed of 30 kilometres per second, at its closest it was about 33,000,000 km from Earth.
When it was first discovered researchers initially assumed the object was a comet, one of countless icy objects that release gas when they warm up on approaching the Sun. But it didn't show any comet-like activity as it neared the Sun, and was quickly reclassified as an asteroid, meaning it was rocky.
Researchers were also fairly sure it was from outside our Solar System, based on its trajectory and speed. An eccentricity of 1.2 – which classifies its path as an open-ended hyperbolic orbit – and such a high speed meant it was not bound by the gravity of the Sun.
In fact, as Jackson points out, ‘Oumuamua's orbit has the highest eccentricity ever observed in an object passing through our Solar System.
Major questions about ‘Oumuamua remain. For planetary scientists like Jackson, being able to observe objects like these may yield important clues about how planet formation works in other star systems.
“The same way we use comets to better understand planet formation in our own Solar System, maybe this curious object can tell us more about how planets form in other systems.”
Brussels:-A Belgian court has given six-month suspended jail terms to the mother and father of a baby boy who died after being fed a diet of vegetable milk. They were found guilty of causing the baby's death unintentionally. The baby, Lucas, weighed just 4.3kg (9.5lb) when he died aged seven months, dehydrated and malnourished. The parents, from Beveren near Antwerp, ran a health food shop and fed him for four months with milk made from oats, buckwheat, rice and quinoa. The mother did not produce breast milk and the baby had refused infant formula.
Lucas died on the way to hospital in Hasselt in June 2014, after a homeopathic doctor had advised the couple to call an ambulance. Vegetable milk lacks the nutrients essential for infants in their first year. The parents said they had resorted to it because they believed Lucas was lactose- or gluten-intolerant. The parents' lawyer told the court that the mother had been getting up several times a night to feed Lucas - evidence that she had tried to look after him.
And to think Ben Affleck is known for making his directorial debut with Gone Baby Gone.
In a new interview with The Guardian in which he assesses the currently impressive state of his…
…read more
Read more here:: E! Online
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MADISON, IL - It's called the largest road trip in the world, and it's pulling into Gateway Motorsports Park.
It's called the Legendary Hot Rod Power Tour.
It`s a one day wonder of hot rods, street rods, custom trucks, muscle cars, and more taking part in the seven city, seven day tour.
Douglas Glad is the Content Director Hot Rod Network, “You get up in the morning and you drive to the new venue. That`s the tour part of it. The venue opens at noon and then they have a car show till seven. Then everyone goes back to their hotel and sleeps and gets up the next day does it again.
They began in Kansas City and will cruise across the country, winding up in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
More than 100,000 are expected to take part in the hot rod road trip where one can show off their classic or take it onto the drag strip.
People get married on the power tour. People take vacations. People do bonding with their teenage sons and daughters before they send them off to college, that`s a big one we see a lot.
And from every make and model to every marriage proposal along the way.
“19 um, I think the earliest one I`ve seen out here is a Model T to a 2017 Grand Sport Corvette, there`s one of those here too.”
But just for the day, and then it`s onto the next hot rod home tomorrow.
Signed to a three-year, $42 million contract, wide receiver Allen Robinson is the centerpiece of the Bears' revamped offense.
Until this week, though, teammates and coaches had yet to glimpse Robinson's potential. The former Jaguars star practiced Wednesday for the first time since tearing his ACL in Week 1 of last season.
"It's really good to see him out there," coach Matt Nagy said. "He didn't do enough to say what he did one way or another, but it's a positive sign when he's out there and he's able to run some plays.
"It's going to be a day-by-day process with him, but to have him out there, I know it felt good for the offense and that was good."
Treating his new No. 1 receiver with kid gloves, Nagy added that Robinson is unlikely to take part in team drills during next week's mandatory minicamp. As soon as training camp begins in late July, however, Nagy expects Robinson to be "ready to go."
If quarterback Mitchell Trubisky meets expectations as a second-year breakout candidate, he's going to need a healthy Robinson to threaten defenses downfield and in the red zone.
Op-Ed: Want to make money by following an insider? Be patient
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Dear Mr. Berko: If I knew when insiders – for example, officers and directors or Warren Buffett and Carl Icahn – made their purchases, I could do the same and increase my chances of making money. Could you give me the names of some big companies in which insiders have recently taken positions? I'll buy ...
Alek Minassian — a man police say was not previously known to them and now stands accused of 10 counts of first-degree murder — was in special needs programs growing up and kept to himself in college, school peers say. Minassian is alleged to have been behind the wheel of a white van that struck pedestrians at Yonge St. and Finch Ave. on Monday afternoon. He's facing charges in the deaths of 10 people, and attempted murder charges for 13 of at least 15 others injured. A spokesperson for Facebook Canada said it immediately deleted Minassian's account Monday afternoon. A source also confirmed to the Star that a public Facebook post by Minassian circulating online was in fact issued from his account. His post named U.S. mass murderer Elliot Rodger, who in 2014 killed six people near the University of California, Santa Barbara, by stabbing and shooting his victims. He injured another 13 people, striking four of them with his black BMW while engaged in gunfire with police. Rodger, 22, killed himself before he could be arrested. In a YouTube video Rodger posted before his arrest, he described himself as a virgin who wanted to exact revenge on women.
Article Continued Below
“The Incel Rebellion has already begun!” Minassian said in his Facebook post, referencing an online community or movement of people claiming to be involuntarily celibate. “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!” Minassian referred to himself as “Private (Recruit) Minassian Infantry 00010” in his post. The Canadian Armed Forces said Minassian was a member for about two months in 2017, beginning in late August. He was then released after 16 days of recruit training, having made the request to exit the forces voluntarily.
Minassian studied at Seneca College, according to a LinkedIn page listing him as a student between 2011 to 2018. He was also a member of the support staff at Seneca's Office of Research and Innovation, according to the college's directory. His name has since been removed. Joseph Pham, 25, said he sat next to Minassian in a computer programming class at Seneca, and that he saw him last Monday. “I never talked to him,” Pham said. “I sat beside him a few times. He kept to himself. He didn't really talk to anyone. He participated in class. He is, you could say, socially awkward.” Pham described Minassian as someone who would fidget or twitch frequently, and kept to himself. He also had a knack for computer programming, and developed a Toronto Parking Authority app, Pham said. Access to a Richmond Hill street, near Bayview and 16th Aves., was restricted by Monday evening, with yellow police tape surrounding a home listed to Vahe and Sona Minassian, property records show. In a 2009 interview with the Richmond Hill Liberal, a Sona Minassian said her son lives with a condition called Asperger's syndrome, a form of autism, and relied on Helpmate, a social service community program whose lack of funding threatened to shutter it. “My son would spend afternoons working with Helpmate. They were sensitive to his needs,” she said, not naming her son. “He was able to take the experience provided by Helpmate and apply it. This kind of service for my son wasn't available elsewhere. I am convinced that if we didn't have Helpmate, my son would not have had such an opportunity,” Sona Minassian said of the job her son was able to land at a local IT company. Minassian was part of a special needs program at Thornlea Secondary School, said former classmate Will Cornish, 25. Minassian didn't behave violently, he said, but could be seen in the hallways twisting his hands together, or making meowing sounds. Shannon Goel, 25, said Minassian was in her Grade 5 class at Sixteenth Avenue Public School in Richmond Hill. When she heard his name reported on the news she got out her old yearbook. “I just remember him acting out,” she said. “He would throw fits, he would always act out, and it was hard for people to control him.”
With files from May Warren, Sabrina Nanji, Tamar Harris, Julien Gignac, and Star Staff
Win a pair of tickets to UCLA Bruins vs. Arizona State Sun Devils on November 11th at the Rose Bowl!
Join the Bruins at the Rose Bowl for the best in college football and tailgating. Arrive early. Wear blue. Cheer loud. EVERY game.
Call (310) UCLA-WIN or go to UCLABruins.com to purchase your ticket. Tickets start ONLY at $5 each!
Go to UCLABruins.com and get your season pass!
Thank you for registering!
We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts.
IT'S LATE MORNING in late January in the desert. Sunrise Mountain stands guard beyond the right-center-field fence, but the craggy sentry is failing to protect Harper Field from Mother Nature's heavy breathing.
With temps in the 40s and the wind chill well below that, it's hardly baseball weather. Nevertheless, Bryce Harper stands in the batter's box on the same Las Vegas High School diamond where he once dominated, the diamond that now bears his name. Cut after cut, he spends upward of two hours focusing on the little things. Keeping the launch angle down. Getting to the inside pitch.
Editor's Picks Inside Bryce Harper's 'Wow...' heard round the world After the Nationals sold the farm for outfielder Adam Eaton, Washington's biggest star made a cryptic Twitter post. What did it mean?
The occasional spectator stops by -- a coach or two, some current varsity players -- in hopes of witnessing a tape-measure shot from one of the most powerful hitters alive.
Instead, they leave disappointed, having seen little more than tee work and soft toss. Because Bryce Harper isn't here to do damage. He's here to undo damage.
It takes moxie to do what Harper did last April. Fresh off his monster 2015 season, the reigning MVP knew full well that all eyes would be on him come Opening Day. As if that weren't enough, he homered in his first at-bat of 2016. Still, he stood there postgame in front of his locker in Atlanta and donned a goofy-looking trucker cap with an even goofier-looking -- and decidedly anti-establishment -- message: Make Baseball Fun Again.
As hat tricks go, it was a doozy -- if for no other reason than he went right out and made good on it. Real good. But after a ridiculous April fun run that saw Harper launch his 100th big league bomb, hit his first two career slams and receive the key to the nation's capital, the fun turned into a funk -- one that lasted clear through to October.
So now he's sweating the small stuff. "It's not just a home run show," says Sam Thomas, who coached Harper in high school. "He's working on the things he didn't do well."
But the truth is, it's virtually impossible for Harper to work on the one thing that caused him the most trouble last year. Because how do you replicate the crushing weight of gargantuan expectations? How do you break a seemingly interminable slump that came out of nowhere? Short of flying the world champs in for a four-game midwinter donnybrook at Harper Field, how do you simulate the impossibly frustrating feeling of getting Maddonized?
In four not-so-fun days in Chicago last May, Bryce Harper batted 19 times and got 13 free passes. Incredibly, the long weekend of walks took a toll on his entire season. Now, Bryce must battle back. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
THE THEORY GOES that everything that ailed Bryce Harper last season -- ground zero for his grounding -- can be traced back to the first weekend in May, when the Washington Nationals visited Wrigley Field for a four-game series against the Chicago Cubs. It was about as important as May baseball gets -- a potential National League Championship Series preview between the teams with the two best records in the majors, featuring Harper, the reigning player of the month. At least, that was the billing. Instead, the series featured Chicago skipper Joe Maddon totally neutralizing the slugger.
Over a span of four days against the Cubs, Harper stepped to the plate 19 times and received 13 free passes. Four of them were intentional, including three in the finale, when he tied a major league record by walking six times and became the first player ever to reach safely in all seven plate appearances of a game without recording a hit (he got plunked in his other PA). Of the 27 pitches Harper saw in the finale, he swung at exactly zero. Only two were even in the strike zone. Overall for the series, of the 83 pitches that came his way, only 18 were in the zone, for a rate of 22 percent. For comparison, that's about half as many strikes as Harper saw during his MVP year (41 percent zone rate), when he was pitched around more often than anyone not named Joey Votto. In other words, Maddon wasn't about to let Harper beat him or his team. And it worked. The Cubs swept the Nats right out of Chicago. In the process, they stole Harper's soul.
"When the Cubs pitched around him, if he was someone who had greater maturity and self-control -- which I think he will still develop -- he would've said, 'F--- it, if they're gonna walk me, I'll take it.' But what he did was, he started to feel like he needed to produce and be the guy." NL executive
"Hitting is the funnest part of baseball," Thomas says. "That was probably the first time in Bryce's life where, for an entire series, he didn't get the opportunity to hit, where he didn't get the opportunity to compete. Some people look at it and say it was the greatest strategy of all time. Other people think it's crap because you're not competing. All I know is, when you take the bat out of somebody's hand -- especially somebody that's as competitive as Bryce is -- it's bound to have some kind of effect."
In Harper's case, it caused him to boil over immediately. Well, almost immediately. On the Sunday of the Cubs series, despite the fresh sting of emasculation still smoldering within, Harper somehow managed to rise above, giving a jar full of money to a homeless woman he spotted as the team bus was pulling out of Wrigley. But soon after that, he sank below.
On the very next day after the Chicago series -- after standing there all weekend long with the bat on his shoulder and watching helplessly while his team got the broom -- Harper blew a gasket and got ejected in the ninth inning of a tie game in Washington. But wait, there's more. When the Nats won in extras on a walk-off, Harper defied the rules by not only coming back onto the field, but also barking a few "choice words" (as he would later call them) at the umpire, all of which led to the first suspension of his career.
Over the next couple of weeks, with opposing teams seemingly copying Maddon's blueprint, Harper saw barely anything to hit. In the eight games following the Cubs series, he drew another 15 free passes, giving him an unreal total of 28 walks over a 12-game stretch. It got so bad that practically the only pitches Harper got to hit during the entire month weren't even real ones.
MAYBE YOU'VE SEEN the commercial. It's an UnderArmour spot called "Numbers," which Harper filmed in May and which dropped right before the All-Star Game in July. In it, Harper stands in the batter's box of a nondescript stadium, all grimy and grunting, taking violent hack after violent hack while a series of digits flash across the screen. Atop the repeated sound of bat tearing into ball, a gritty voiceover talks about how baseball is a numbers game. The voice then proceeds to spew forth a bunch of stats -- some of which Harper has already compiled, some of which he's chasing -- then finishes by saying, "Kid, just remember: No number sounds as good as this." The punchline: One last thunderous crack of the bat.
Back in the real world, not long after his Wrigley Field walk-a-thon, Harper appeared to lose the otherworldly patience he'd demonstrated over the previous 13 months. Gone was the spit-on-it selectiveness that had been the bedrock of his MVP campaign and that had onlookers comparing him to Barry Bonds. In short, getting Maddonized wrecked him.
"He's so f---ing competitive," says one National League exec. "Almost to a detriment. When the Cubs pitched around him, if he was someone who had greater maturity and self-control -- which I think he will still develop -- he would've said, 'F--- it, if they're gonna walk me, I'll take it.' But what he did was, he started to feel like he needed to produce and be the guy."
Instead of being the guy, he became just a guy. At first, folks wrote it off as an ordinary slump. After all, Harper had always been a streaky hitter, and MVPs don't just suddenly go in the tank. But bad days begat bad weeks, which begat bad months, which begat ... Oh my god what the heck is wrong with Bryce Harper? From May 9 -- the day after the Cubs series -- through the end of the regular season, a span of 116 games, Harper hit just .238 (135th out of 148 qualified batters) while posting a .395 slugging percentage (127th) and a .752 OPS (101st). And it wasn't like he was hitting the ball on the screws and just getting unlucky. He seemed like a shell of his superstar self.
After a transcendent MVP campaign in 2015, 2016 was a frustrating -- and sometimes infuriating -- season for Harper. AP Photo/Alex Brandon
"I saw a lot of moving parts in his swing that aren't always there when he's going good," says the NL exec. "He was over-rotating and trying to create power instead of staying compact and working through."
"He was pulling off the ball," says one longtime scout. "When you see a hitter do that, they're going for the home runs more than the hits. He was overcompensating and looking for the fastball, which made it hard for him to handle the breaking ball. The patience and the discipline weren't quite the same, and he certainly didn't stay in on left-handers as well as he did previously. They caused him a lot more problems than I'd ever seen. It was a trying year for Bryce."
It was such a trying year that in September, when reports surfaced that Harper had been dealing with an undisclosed injury for much of the year, it was hard not to buy in. Impossible, even. After all, it's one thing to become a little itchy at the plate. But it's quite another when, at the ripe old age of 23, your power suddenly goes poof.
"Obviously there was an issue," agent Scott Boras says. "Lots of great athletes play through things, and Bryce Harper is no different. That's what he chose for his team. I just let the statistics do the talking."
"Hitting is the funnest part of baseball. That was probably the first time in Bryce's life where, for an entire series, he didn't get the opportunity to hit, where he didn't get the opportunity to compete. Some people look at it and say it was the greatest strategy of all time. Other people think it's crap because you're not competing. All I know is, when you take the bat out of somebody's hand -- especially somebody that's as competitive as Bryce is -- it's bound to have some kind of effect." Sam Thomas, Harper's coach at Las Vegas High School
In case you're wondering, the statistics say this: Harper had more home runs in April (nine) than he did in the last three months of the season combined (eight). His hard-hit rate dipped like a buffalo wing in the vicinity of ranch dressing. Even his throwing velocity dropped, to the point that he played an increasingly shallow right field as the season went on. All of which is to say that, maybe there was more to the post-MVP blues than simply getting Maddonized. Says the NL exec: "There's no question he was injured." Regardless of what caused the dramatic drop-off -- and the most likely explanation is that it was a combination of factors -- the effect was undeniable: a conspicuous lack of the F-word.
"Playing bad isn't fun," Nats teammate Trea Turner says. "It doesn't matter what you're hitting -- if you're not living up to your own expectations, then it's hard to have fun. I think Bryce had fun from the standpoint that we won the division and went to the playoffs, but on a personal level, I'm sure it wasn't nearly as fun as when he won the MVP."
"Those are some tough moccasins to walk in," adds the NL exec. "Bryce is so good, and so much has been put on him so early. Mike Trout didn't have those expectations, but this guy did, and he's also put a lot on himself. He wants to please everyone and he feels like he's got something to prove. He loves when he does well, but when he doesn't do well, it really pisses him off."
Mr. & Mrs. Harper!🙌🏻 Thank you to the insanely amazing @indiaearl..We couldn't of asked for a better day😍 A post shared by Bryce Harper (@bharper3407) on Dec 18, 2016 at 1:36pm PST
Still, Harper appears to have moved on. At the very least, he seems to have compartmentalized. In November, he did the red-carpet thing at the American Music Awards before handing out the hardware for Best New Artist. The following month in Vegas, he rubbed elbows with the Duke hoops squad (adjusted for height, it was more like his elbows rubbing with their wrists). A week later, he tied the knot with longtime girlfriend Kayla Varner, then jetted off to Cabo for the honeymoon.
"The offseason's a big deal for everyone," says Turner, who was one of the guests at Harper's wedding, "but especially for Bryce because he had such a long season filled with so much tension. He has lots of opportunities to do some really cool things, and he takes full advantage of it."
That's not to say he hasn't been thinking about work too. When Washington shocked the baseball world by trading three stud pitching prospects to the White Sox for outfielder Adam Eaton on the last day of the winter meetings, Harper chimed in immediately and unabashedly by tweeting simply, "Wow..."
In mid-January, rumors started circulating that even though the Nats had interest in former All-Stars Matt Wieters and Greg Holland, they were way over budget on their new spring training facility and therefore couldn't sign them. Harper's Twitter response? "Matt Wieters/Greg Holland > Team Store!"
In between those two tweets, shortly before New Year's, he fired off another job post about hitting with his pops at Las Vegas High: "A lot of good memories came back to me today..."
When his former player returned this winter to work on his swing, Las Vegas High School coach Sam Thomas had a front-row seat. Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post via Getty Images
BACK IN THE wind-chilled shadows of Sunrise Mountain, Bryce Harper punches the clock at his old stomping grounds. This is not a one-time thing -- it has been a regular occurrence throughout the winter. It's also a stark contrast from last offseason, when he worked out in relative luxury at the Boras Sports Training Institute in Southern California (he has logged some time there this winter too), and never took a single swing at Harper Field. The fact that he decided to return to his roots is no coincidence.
"He needed to get back to normalcy and feeling like he used to," says Thomas, the high school coach. "He needed to get back to familiarity."
Aside from Harper's father and brother, both of whom have been regular tagalongs at Las Vegas High this winter, Thomas is about as familiar as it gets. In fact, he's the one whose gritty pipes were featured in that UnderArmour commercial, handpicked because of his history with the star, because his voice resonates personally. It's a voice Harper has heard regularly this winter, every time he sets foot on his high school field.
"He looks phenomenal," Thomas says of his former player. "He looks more like himself."
AMSTERDAM, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Philips Lighting, the world's largest maker of lights, reported better-than-expected core fourth-quarter earnings on Friday, underpinned by cost-cutting and lower research and development expenses.
Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, and amortisation (EBITA) came in at 207 million euros ($258.67 million), the company said, compared with 188 million euros a year ago. Analysts polled for Reuters had seen EBITA at 198 million euros.
Butler is coming off a 25-9 campaign in which it advanced to the Sweet 16. The Bulldogs lost, 92-80, to eventual national champions North Carolina. Syracuse, meanwhile, went 19-15 and missed the NCAA tournament despite upsetting top-10 opponents Florida State, Virginia and Duke down the stretch.
Morgan Smith, a fourth-year wrestler and one of the captains of the men's wrestling team, has improved every year he's wrestled. It's been a long road for him to arrive where he is now. Just last season, he became only the fourth Clan athlete to break 40 wins in the NCAA era.
“I started wrestling in seventh grade, but didn't really commit to it until the eighth grade. My dad wrestled and I loved WWE, so I tried it out,” Smith said, regarding his start in the sport in his hometown of Lynnwood, Washington.
Despite the difference between WWE wrestling and the amateur wrestling practiced in schools, Smith stuck with the sport. He gradually improved, eventually getting good enough that he was able to win a state championship in his last year of high school. It was also during that year that he started realizing he might be able to wrestle at a post-secondary institution.
“I never even thought about trying to wrestle in college before [my senior year of high school]. I didn't think that far ahead until my coaches and my dad started putting it in my head. Back then, it seemed more like an opportunity to receive an education than anything else.”
Once the idea was in his head, Smith knew he had to at least try to make it into a college program. His work ethic and talent attracted attention from several different schools. Ultimately, SFU was the school that stuck out to him.
“I decided I wanted to go to SFU because of the coaches, Justin Abdou and Mike Jones,” Smith said. “Also, it was only three hours away from my home in Lynnwood, and it's well-known academically.”
Smith knew the transition between high school and wrestling at SFU would be tough, and tried to adjust accordingly. “I had to get a lot stronger and faster. To prepare, I spent a lot of time on the track and on the field,” he said of his preparation for his first year of collegiate wrestling.
“Looking back, I should have focused more on technique and mat time, because the strength came over time, whereas learning technique is a lifelong process for me.”
Despite the amount of training done to prepare, student athletes still usually find themselves overwhelmed in their first season. For Smith, it was no different.
“My first year was brutal, but I think that's because I was so upset that I wasn't as successful as I wanted to be,” he said. “If I could go back, I'd tell myself it's a long road ahead, and that I should just take it one day at a time.”
The lessons learned in his first year have stuck with him every year since, as Smith has improved his record each year at SFU. After failing to secure a spot at the NCAA national tournament last year, Smith rebounded with his strongest season to date after moving up to the 197lb weight class. Just recently, he placed fourth at the prestigious Reno Tournament of Champions, which is populated by many of the top wrestling teams in Division I. Before that, he won three consecutive tournaments and had dominated most of his opponents.
“If I could go back, I'd tell myself it's a long road ahead, and that I should just take it one day at a time.”
When asked how he's been able to make such major leaps in his wrestling, Smith responded, “I seriously take things one day and one match at a time. Of course, I plan ahead to give myself structure, but in practice and especially in competition, I just focus on the task at hand. I don't even look ahead in the brackets anymore or at online rankings. Focusing on the objective at hand really helps me, that's how my brain works best.”
One of the toughest, and often most overlooked, aspects of a student-athlete's life is the balancing act they must perform to manage their athletics along with their academics. This is doubly true for sports such as wrestling, which requires athletes to maintain a specific weight class to compete.
Smith, a model student who often helps younger members of the team, said, “the balancing act is difficult, but it's a challenge I really enjoy. I love wrestling and I love learning, but school is the hardest thing for me. I study daily, at least two or three hours. That's a rule that has helped me a lot. When I say I study, I mean no email, no social media, no texting, [and] no distractions.”
Even better than improving himself each year, Smith has also been a part of an ever-improving SFU wrestling team as a whole.
“The team has improved, but it's an ongoing process. It's been a strong showing for our guys so far, we just have to stay mentally and physically strong in this second half of the season. It's a tough sport, and the season is full of ups and downs. As a captain, I show up focused and ready to wrestle, learn, and work my butt off everyday. I owe it to myself, and to my teammates, to maximize my time every time I step into practice or into competition.”
In practice, Smith leads by example on and off the mat. He is a political science major, and hopes to continue to wrestle even after he graduates from SFU.
“I will continue to wrestle after university, wherever I have the best opportunity to improve myself and sustain my living.”
Keep an eye out for the rest of the season to see how Smith and the rest of the men's wrestling team does as they prepare for the second half of the season. Don't be surprised if you see their names pop up in the paper. The team has grown so much that success is now expected for them, and they are confident that they will find it moving forward.
Fun Fact: Favourite Food?
“I believe there's no such thing as too many bananas! They're my super food. I eat about six per day when I'm at a wrestling tournament.”
Kavutse and the band have performed in Rwanda, Uganda, Kenya, Burundi, Canada, the United States, Hong Kong and Singapore.
Rwead more
Share:
KARACHI - Five more children died in Tharparkar of malnutrition, taking the death toll to 250 in the past five months.
Sixteen children have died in this one week in the desert region that borders India. Tharparkar is one of Pakistan's poorest districts spread over nearly 20,000 square kilometres in the country's southeast. It is located at a distance of 300 kilometres from Karachi. A large population of minority Hindus lives in the area.
Mithi is the main town in the district, where the Civil Hospital is located. The hospital is in a shambles. Parents of sick children often complain of a shortage of medicines at Civil Hospital. The hospital's civil surgeon, Syed Ameer Ali Shah, told media persons that the facility lacks specialists and senior doctors. Only nine nurses are posted in the hospital against 19 vacancies, he said. There is only one gynaecologist for the 1.6 million population of Tharparkar district. Doctors say malnutrition and severe heat are contributing to the increasing number of deaths.
By Tuesday, 245 children had already died when the director-general of Sindh's health department, Dr Akhlaq Ahmed Memon, arrived in Tharparkar.
According to him, he had come to “review the deaths”. On Wednesday, he said he is still reviewing the situation.
The United Nations has put Pakistan on the list of countries with the highest mortality rates with 22 infants dying before even turning one month old.
New Delhi: The Centre on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that it was ready to grant pension benefits to all Major Generals and equivalent ranks in the army, Navy and Air Force, even to those who had retired before 2006. A bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra was informed by Additional Solicitor General Pinky Anand that the Centre has decided to allow similar benefits of revision of pension to all Major Generals and equivalent ranks.
Noting the submissions, a bench also comprising Justices AM Khanwilkar and DY Chandrachud, directed the Centre to comply with its decision in three months.
"The Union of India is extending the benefit to all Major Generals having equivalent ranks...In view of the aforesaid decision by the Union of India, nothing remains in this petition and the same is accordingly disposed of," the bench said.
Senior advocate Nidhesh Gupta, appearing for petitioner retired Major General SPS Vains, sought implementation of One Rank One Pension.
The apex court's order came on a contempt plea filed by Vains and others seeking implementation of One Rank-One Pension (OROP) scheme for retired armed forces personnel. "Most shockingly, despite the report of the Koshiyari committee and the decision of the Supreme Court in Union of India vs SPS Vains, the government delayed the implementation of the OROP in utter violation of the constitution and rule of law," the plea had said.
Nearby residents taken aback by Bonita High land dispute
BONITA SPRINGS, Fla. Shocked.
That's the word that best describes what Debbie Fosselman and many of her neighbors in the Hawthorne community felt when they found out their community association owns part of the land where a high school most of them never wanted is being built.
“We've really only had emails between us, so we're still in the dark,” Fosselman said.
Fosselman, vice president of the Hawthorne Community Association, wasn't one of two association representatives who met Monday with Lee County school district officials about the land dispute to try to identify how to solve the problem.
The association's board sent an email to residents Tuesday that said, in part, “a number of options were discussed” and “the situation is being evaluated by our lawyer.” School district spokeswoman Lauren Stillwell called it a “positive conversation.”
The 150-foot strip of land Hawthorne owns on the site across from the neighborhood is in an area where the district intends to place a turn lane for buses entering school grounds.
Construction work on the 76-acre school site is causing problems for residents, with dirt and dust blowing into the neighborhood, Fosselman said.
“We have construction going on at 3 and 5 in the morning,” she said. “It's mostly a safety concern for our residents and traffic issues and we are afraid of accidents happening out here.”
District and community association representatives plan to talk again later this week. The association will meet with its lawyer Monday, but community members would have to vote to ratify any decision before it becomes official.
By Rob Kiser
rkiser@dailycall.com
The Versailles girls track and field team have several relays ranked highly for the Division II state track and field meet Saturday at Jesse Owens Stadium.
Both the 800 relay (Cassie Peters, Liz Watren, Ali Moran, Ellen Peters) and the 1,600 relay (Watren, Lindsey Winner, Kenia McEldowney, Ellen Peters) have the third fastest times in 1:44.62; and 4:00.07, respectively.
The 400 relay (Lucy Prakel, Ellen Peters, Ali Moran, Ava Moran) have the 12th fastest time, 49.74.
Prakel has the fourth best vault in the pole vault, 11-6; while McEldowney has the 13th fastest time in the 800, 2:18.88.
Prakel will compete in the pole vault on Saturday morning.
The running prelims are Friday and the finals are Saturday.
The top two in each heat and the next five fastest times in the prelims will advance to Saturday's finals.
D-III
Both Covington and Lehman Catholic have relays positioned to make runs at state titles in the Division III competition, while Covington could make a run at the team title.
For Covington, both the 800 relay (Rayna Horner, Tori Lyle, Morgan Lowe, Breanna Kimmel) and the 1,600 relay (Paige Boehringer, Lowe, Horner, Kimmel) have the fastes times in 1:43.82 and 3:59.67. respectively.
Horner also has the third fastest time in the 400, 57.25.
In the 100, Kimmel is tied for the 15th fastest time, 12.72.
Covington thrower Lauren Christian has the second best put in the shot put, 42-8; and 13th best throw in the discus, 120-0.
The Lehman 400 relay (Lauren McFarland, Lindsey Magoteaux, Rylie McIver, Alanna O'Leary) are tied for the fastest time with West Liberty-Salem at 49.85. WLS beat them by five-thousands of a second at the regional.
Also for Lehman, O'Leary has the seventh fastest time in the 200, 25.65; while Magoteaux has the 14th fastest time, 12.71.
Christian will throw in both events on Friday.
The running prelims are Friday and the finals are Saturday.
The top two in each heat and the next five fastest times in the prelims will advance to Saturday's finals.
Rob Kiser is Sports Editor for the Daily Call. He can be reached at (937) 451-3334.
WIAA Division 1 Sectional Semifinal: (2) Burlington 7, (6) Elkhorn 6 (8 innings)
Demons advance to sectional final after improbable five-run seventh
By Andrew Horschak
Sports Correspondent
Trailing by five runs going into the bottom of the seventh inning, there were no sad faces or hanging heads in the home dugout Tuesday afternoon.
The Burlington softball team was just as enthusiastic as ever.
That positive attitude paid off as the enthusiasm soon turned into delirium.
In a season already filled with plenty of memorable moments, the never-say-die Demons put together a hard-to-top highlight as they plated five runs to tie it up and then scored the game winner in the eighth en route to a rousing 7-6 victory over visiting Elkhorn in a WIAA Division 1 sectional semifinal.
“We don't quit,” Burlington senior pitcher Josie Klein said. “Our team … we mesh so well together. We have great coaches. Our fans are always there supporting us. It just keeps us going.”
Second-seeded Burlington (19-5) will take a 10-game winning streak into the sectional final against Westosha Central (20-8) 5 p.m. Thursday at Wilmot. The fourth-seeded Falcons upset top-seeded Wilmot 3-0 in 10 innings in their sectional semifinal.
Eyeing their first WIAA State Tournament berth since 1988, the Southern Lakes Conference champion Demons will attempt to beat Westosha for the third time this season.
Lady Elks upset-minded early
After sixth-seeded Elkhorn (16-10) took advantage of three errors to increase its one-run lead to 6-1 in the top of the seventh, things looked bleak for Burlington.
Elkhorn pitcher Izzy Regner, who allowed only two hits in the first six innings, had a shaky start to the seventh when Klein led off with a sharp single to center and Bridi Allen was hit by a pitch.
That brought Elkhorn coach Steve Remington out for a visit in hopes of settling down his sophomore.
The move backfired as Burlington senior third baseman Ashley Schmalfeldt jumped on the next pitch and launched a no-doubter over the fence in left for a three-run home run, cutting the deficit to 6-4.
“Our seven seniors didn't want it to be over yet,” Schmalfeldt said. “I knew that could've been my last at-bat ever. I just wanted to make the most of it.”
“We needed that. That got our energy going,” Klein added.
Kya Kafar followed with a single to left, and Jenna Schmalfeldt and Gracie Peterson both beat out well-placed bunts with one out to load the bases for leadoff hitter Jaina Westphal. The senior second baseman delivered with a game-tying, two-run single, but the Demons made their second out on the bases on the play.
Burlington had a chance to win in regulation, but Allen flied out to left with the bases loaded.
Burlington momentum carries into extras
Klein, who tossed a five-hit complete game, retired the Elks in order in the top of the eighth.
In the bottom half of the inning, Kafar was hit by a pitch with one out and moved to second on a single to left by Alexandria Naber. Jenna Schmalfeldt then reached on her second bunt single in as many innings to load the bases.
That set the stage for Gracie Peterson, who hit a sharp grounder to third baseman Yazzy Mora. Trying to get the force at the plate, her throw was off the mark as the winning run scored.
“They've played like that all year,” Burlington coach Gary Caliva said about his team. “They've never given in and they've never given up. We've come back in three or four ball games, but that was the biggest deficit. We got to use our speed a little bit at the end there, which was real nice.
“They just played a whale of a game and so did Elkhorn. We were a little impatient to start. We made a couple of mistakes and gave them a couple runs, but these guys never give up.”
Regner enjoys solid outing, future bright for Elkhorn
Blanked twice by Burlington during the regular season, Elkhorn jumped out to a 2-0 lead in the first inning when Haley Remington doubled and Rachel Gosh singled, and both runners ended up scoring on Ryley Rand's tapper back to Klein, whose throw to the plate went over the head of catcher Emily Zuleger.
Regner retired the first nine Burlington batters before Westphal reached on an infield single to lead off the fourth. After stealing second, she scored on an RBI single by Klein.
Elkhorn made it 6-1 in an error-filled seventh as Gosh had an RBI single and Laine Rudolf added an RBI double.
“We had them on the ropes,” Elkhorn coach Steve Remington said. “They're just resilient. They found a way to win. They just made plays. They're fast and put pressure on us. They got the better of us.”
Despite the deflating defeat, the Elkhorn coach, noting his roster of underclassmen, said the future is bright for the Elks.
“We're here for the long haul,” he said. “That's what I'm excited about. I'm a big believer that you have to take your lumps to go forward. We have a few years of excitement coming.”
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
The Trump administration on Wednesday moved to amend the starting date of its proposed 90-day travel ban on people entering the United States from six Muslim-majority countries in a bid to keep its legal battle alive.
The amendment appears intended to avoid the administration's legal case at the U.S. Supreme Court becoming moot on grounds that parts of the executive order have expired.
READ MORE: U.S. appeals court upholds decision to block Donald Trump's revised travel ban
Challengers to the ban, who say the order is intended to discriminate against Muslims, have said in court papers that it should expire on Wednesday, 90 days after the executive order was due to take effect on March 16.
A memo issued by the White House, as the Supreme Court considered two challenges to the ban, said parts of the order put on hold would not expire before they can go into effect, and the start date would be when court injunctions were lifted.
The move is part of administration efforts to have the high court rule that the controversial banshould immediately go into effect after Trump's first attempts to impose travel restrictions were blocked by lower courts.
Omar Jadwat, a lawyer with the American Civil Liberties Union, which has challenged the ban, said the need for the revision was a sign of the ban‘s legal flaws.
“And yet again, these revisions underline that the one thing the president has consistently wanted throughout is a Muslim ban,” he added.
READ MORE: Donald Trump this week: James Comey testifies, Reality Winner, and a ‘TRAVEL BAN!'
Lawsuits by Hawaii and Maryland challengers argued that the order violated federal immigration law and a section of the Constitution's First Amendment, which prohibits the government favoring or disfavoring any particular religion. The Trump administration has said it is needed to protect national security.
Soon after the memo was issued, Acting Solicitor General Jeff Wall filed court papers saying that it resolved “any doubt” about the order's effective date.
If the case was moot, the nine justices would have no reason to rule on it and lower court rulings against the administration would remain in place.
The Supreme Court on Tuesday gave the Trump administration more time to file papers responding to an appeals court ruling on Monday that upheld a block on the travel ban.
The court's action likely delayed any decision on administration requests for the ban to go into effect until at least next week.
Federal judges in Maryland and Hawaii blocked Trump's 90-day ban on travelers from Libya, Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The Hawaii judge also blocked a 120-day ban on refugees entering the United States.
READ MORE: Donald Trump travel ban is still blocked, U.S. court of appeals says
The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals largely upheld the Hawaii injunction on Monday.
In the second case, the Richmond, Virginia-based 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, on May 25 upheld the Maryland judge's ruling.
A man reported missing from his cabin at Mabel Lake in the north Okanagan has been found dead.
WATCH: Alberta man missing from the north Okanagan identified
On Friday, another Mabel Lake cabin owner found the body when he arrived at his property to open it up for the season.
The man has been identified as 57-year-old Bruce Van Hasstrecht, who is a seasonal resident of Mabel Lake.
He was reported missing on Apr. 1, and an extensive search of the area and Mabel Lake was conducted with no success.
The man's family has been notified.
The matter has been turned over to the BC Coroner's Service.
Foul play is not suspected.
Elon Musk has a new plan for Mars. The SpaceX founder unveiled his updated vision for Mars and more at this year's International Astronautical Conference. It's a bit more scaled down than before but still ambitious, in true Elon fashion.
And just this week, the Trump Administration's National Space Council met for the first time, cementing the administration's plans to head to the moon.
So what does this all mean for space exploration? Mashable's Deputy Science Editor Miriam Kramer joins the podcast to break it down.
Be sure to follow Miriam on Twitter for more space news.
Clarification: SpaceX confirmed the Iridum-3 launch from Vandenberg Air Force Station will use a new launch vehicle and attempt a Pacific Ocean droneship landing.
The EchoStar 105/SES-11 launch from Kennedy Space Center will use a flight-proven booster and attempt an Atlantic Ocean droneship landing.
An investigator is trying to determine the cause of an early morning fire at the Asia Buffet restaurant in Saskatoon.
Multiple 911 calls were received by the Saskatoon Fire Department just after 5 a.m. CT on Friday of the fire at 415 Circle Dr.
READ MORE: Prince Albert, Sask. apartment building fire called suspicious
Witnesses reported heavy smoke and the smell of burned rubber.
Crews arrived to find heavy smoke and flame coming from the HVAC system on the roof of the building.
Firefighters climbed on the roof to start battling the fire while rescue crews entered the restaurant to ensure no one was inside.
The restaurant was found empty and firefighters encountered heavy smoke inside.
Ceiling tiles were pulled down to check for fire extension.
READ MORE: 2 house fires in Saskatoon under investigation
A loss stopped was declared around 90 minutes after the first calls came in.
There is no damage estimate at this time.
Susana Malcorra, chair of the 11th World Trade Organization's ministerial conference, and WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo at the plenary sessions in Buenos Aires. Photo: Reuters
Geneva: The European Union (EU) wants an outcome on the permanent solution for food security programs to be part of “a global package” involving a new mandate for electronic commerce and fisheries subsidies at the ongoing World Trade Organization ministerial meeting in Buenos Aires, said a senior EU official who asked not to be identified.
Effectively, the EU wants India to agree to a new mandate for electronic commerce as well as fisheries subsidies, in return for an outcome on the permanent solution for public stockholding programs.
“We want India to agree for this global package at the ministerial meeting,” the senior EU official said.
EU trade commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom called on commerce and industry minister Suresh Prabhu on Sunday (10 December) and is understood to have said that Brussels is not seeking an establishment of a Working Party to accelerate work on electronic commerce towards rules-making, said an Indian official who asked not to be identified.
However, the EU official maintained that the EU commissioner did not change Brussels' fundamental position that they need a working party that will lead to rules-making for e-commerce.
“We are seeking a global package involving the three outcomes— the permanent solution for public stockholding programs, an outcome on fisheries subsidies, and electronic commerce,” the official said.
Several trade ministers from major industrialized countries, including Japan, and South American countries such as Colombia want a new mandate on electronic commerce and flagged it as a major deliverable.
But the Indian commerce minister rejected calls for a change in the mandate for electronic commerce and new issues. “Many of these issues are neither trade-related nor have these been discussed in detail,” he said on e-commerce.
“Gains from e-commerce must not be confused with gains from negotiating binding rules in this area,” Prabhu said.
“It is for this reason that we support continuation of the 1998 Work Programme with its non-negotiating mandate,” he added.
In his plenary statement, Prabhu said India will not accept a shift in priorities from Doha Development Agenda (DDA) issues to non-trade issues like investment facilitation and new disciplines for micro, small, and medium enterprises at the World Trade Organization's eleventh ministerial conference in Buenos Aires.
India said the new issues have no mandate, and it is a grave error to address them without completing work on unresolved Doha issues.
Without naming the US, which is blocking the appointment of members to the Appellate Body and thereby causing “paralysis” in the dispute settlement resolution system, India said it is concerned “at the inordinate delay in appointment of new members to the Appellate Body.”
“We need to collectively and expeditiously resolve this impasse,” India said.
Among the proposed deliverables at Buenos Aires, India emphasized the importance of the permanent solution for public stockholding (PSH) programs for food security, which “is a matter of survival for eight hundred million hungry and undernourished people in the world.”
“A successful resolution of this issue would fulfil our collective commitment to the global community. In this context, we cannot envisage any negotiated outcome at MC11, which does not include a permanent solution,” the Indian commerce and industry minister said.
He drew attention to addressing the real trade-distorting subsidies by eliminating the Aggregate Measurement of Support (AMS) and removing the continued “asymmetry” as a first step for commencing work in the global agriculture reform.
“This asymmetry needs to be addressed as a first step in agricultural reform through a post-MC11 work programme without, however, shifting the burden of reduction of agricultural subsidies to developing countries,” Prabhu said.
Commenting on fisheries subsidies where some progress has been made, India said, “We can agree to future work on this issue towards an outcome at MC12 that preserves the policy space for developing countries to support millions who depend on traditional fishing activity as the sole source of livelihood.”
Genitori di Sportivi: I Dieci Comandamenti Per gentile concessione di Elizabeth Wickham. Puoi leggere l'articolo in inglese qui “I genitori oggi sono fuori controllo” E' ciò che…
CDC Report Reveals What's Lurking In Public Pool Water You may want to take a look at this report from the Center for Disease Control (CDC) before taking your next hotel pool dive.
Swimmer Dies During Open Water Masters Race The body of a 45-year-old man has been recovered from Lake Audubon in Virginia after he disappeared during an open water swim Sunday.
Japan Brings Heavy Arsenal To Battle China At 2018 Asian Games Japan will try to turn the medal tables on China come the 2018 Asian Games in August.
Jan 2, 2017 This week's theme
Words borrowed from Sanskrit
This week's words
brahmin
A Boston Brahmin (Samuel Adams) Art: John Singleton Copley, c.1772 Words borrowed from Sanskrit A.Word.A.Day with Anu Garg
The new movie Arrival features a linguist as its protagonist. At one point she talks about the Sanskrit word for war. There are many, but apparently she means gavisti, explained as a desire for more cows. In case you're wondering, the English word for war means a desire for more oil.*
Sanskrit, an ancient Indian language, has given many words to English directly (orange, nirvana, mantra, etc.), via its daughter languages (guru, cot, jute, etc.), or via other languages which borrowed from Sanskrit (Zen, candy, lilac, etc.). This week we'll look at five other words that have their origins in Sanskrit. For more Sanskrit words in English, check out a week of words from 2006.
If you haven't seen the movie, it's worth checking out. It would be especially beneficial for presidents to watch before grabbing those nuclear launch codes.
*In case it wasn't clear, that was a joke. The word war comes from the Indo-European root wers- (to confuse or to mix up), which also gave us guerrilla, worse, worst, liverwurst, French guerre, Spanish/Italian/Portuguese guerra, and German verwirren (to confuse). brahmin PRONUNCIATION: (BRAH-min)
MEANING: noun: A member of the upper class, having wealth, social status, and political power.
ETYMOLOGY: From Sanskrit Brahmin, a member of the priestly class, the highest of the four classes, from Brahma, the creator of the universe in Hinduism. Earliest documented use: 1481.
USAGE:
Yasmin Alibhai-Brown; It's Time to Take Up the Cudgels Against Planned Poverty; The Independent (London, UK); Jun 22, 2015.
“Mrs. Guth, a philanthropist and a descendant of one of the founders of the pharmaceutical company Merck, was doing little to lighten the old-money mood. She spoke with a Brahmin accent to rival Katharine Hepburn's, and initially appeared wary of the slightest personal revelation. ‘Why do we have to do that?' she said when asked to talk about her roots in New Hampshire.”
Steven Kurutz; Greening the Gilded Age; The New York Times; Aug 7, 2014.
See more usage examples of “The wealthiest, the Brahmins, are zoned off from everyone else, eating gold-leaf-sprinkled chocs, purchasing mansions and penthouses, hunting and shooting on vast estates, protecting their billions from impertinent tax collectors, buying political influence.”Yasmin Alibhai-Brown; It's Time to Take Up the Cudgels Against Planned Poverty;(London, UK); Jun 22, 2015.“Mrs. Guth, a philanthropist and a descendant of one of the founders of the pharmaceutical company Merck, was doing little to lighten the old-money mood. She spoke with a Brahmin accent to rival Katharine Hepburn's, and initially appeared wary of the slightest personal revelation. ‘Why do we have to do that?' she said when asked to talk about her roots in New Hampshire.”Steven Kurutz; Greening the Gilded Age;; Aug 7, 2014.See more usage examples of brahmin in Vocabulary.com's dictionary
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY: A poor idea well written is more likely to be accepted than a good idea poorly written. -Isaac Asimov, scientist and writer (2 Jan 1920-1992)
A.Word.A.Day by email:
Subscribe
"The most welcomed, most enduring piece of daily mass e-mail in cyberspace."
Feb 2 (Reuters) - China New Borun Corp:
* CHINA NEW BORUN ANNOUNCES FORMATION OF INDEPENDENT SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO EVALUATE “GOING PRIVATE” PROPOSAL
* CHINA NEW BORUN ANNOUNCES FORMATION OF INDEPENDENT SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO EVALUATE “GOING PRIVATE” PROPOSAL
* CHINA NEW BORUN CORP - SPECIAL COMMITTEE INTENDS TO RETAIN INDEPENDENT LEGAL AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS TO ASSIST IT IN EVALUATING PROPOSAL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "844","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "22","recurring_event": "844","competition": "427","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found, several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard stand out.
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago. There are small holes with basins just below them, and from the basins, curved miniature channels, some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone.
Nobody made much of this rock art, not even previous archaeologists who'd looked at it.
But two years ago, Blakeslee, an anthropologist, stood under the shade of the Norwood's trees, and felt a little flash of recognition.
“It has to do with souls.”
So he picked up his water bottle, and poured.
The water pooled, in basins under the holes. The water filled the little basins, then trickled down the carved channels, which curved around and then came together, or spread out.
He'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine, still functional after four centuries.
“It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky, this world, and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds,” he said.
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation. Moving water was sacred. Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw.
Blakeslee keeps finding more images, and thinks it'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita.
Many stones beside springs were sacred. A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder, with dozens of small, smooth depressions carved into stone. Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes, filled them with water, then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies.
Springs and water pools, especially those coming out of caves, were sacred portals, he said. And that's where the Norwood's boulders come in.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 April the giraffe gives birth at New York Zoo Pause 3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers' 1:49 Facebook murder suspect remains on the loose 0:47 Red tide dumps scores of dead fish onto Anna Maria Island 2:22 Examining North Korea's missiles 0:41 Bradenton' Mark Oljaca discusses his return to pro tennis at Sarasota Open 0:58 Ellenton-based company wholesales seashells and more 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 0:34 Manatee players react to head coach's resignation 0:52 Good Friday on Green Bridge Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa, which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602. It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians. theying@wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines.
This has fascinated Gary McAdams, who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes, headquartered in Anadarko, Okla.
Among the ancient Wichita, he said, “Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring, and come out transformed. When babies are born, they baptized them with water. They would pray to the spirit in the water, or in the moon.
“And when they were about to do something important, a battle or some other big undertaking, they would go to a nearby stream and bathe, a preparatory thing they would do with prayers.
“They would do that also when someone passes away, the family would make sure to bathe, to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action, to bathe, and do it with prayers.
“Things have changed now.”
Inter signs Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing
Associated Press FOLLOW NEWS News 54 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:49 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
MILAN (AP) — Inter Milan has signed Argentina forward Lautaro Martinez from Racing.
The Serie A club paid a reported 22 million euros ($25.7 million) for Martinez, with the player penning a five-year contract.
The 20-year-old Martinez turned down an offer from Real Madrid in order to get more playing time at Inter, according to his agent.
On Wednesday, Martinez said: "I expect to adapt quickly to a new type of football. It's very different from Argentine football, but I think Serie A will be very important for me to continue improving and will add other qualities to my game."
Martinez is one of his country's top talents and scored 18 goals in 28 appearances last season.
He was included in Argentina's preliminary list for the World Cup but did not make the final squad.
2018 AUBURN INVITATIONAL
Live Results
Hosted by Auburn
Friday, February 2nd – Sunday, February 4th
25 Yards
Invitational Format
Day 1 of the 2018 Auburn Invitational is now in the books. Swimmers competed individually in the 500 free, 200 IM, and 50 free tonight, while some teams also competed in the 200 free relay and 400 medley relays.
The Auburn women came up with a pair of wins courtesy of Aly Tetzloff and Zoe Thatcher. In the 50 free, Tetzloff busted out a new best time as she powered to a 22.08 to top the field by almost a full second. Her former best was a 22.17 done on a relay leadoff at the 2017 NCAA Championships. Thatcher's win came in the 200 IM. She used her speed up front to take the edge, never giving up her lead as she touched in 2:00.21 for the win.
Florida State freshman Hailey Ladd brought home a win and a new best time with her performance in the 500 free. Ladd set the pace early on, holding on to her lead as she turned in a 4:52.79 for the win. That took nearly 4 seconds off her former best, which stood as a 4:56.57 from the 2017 Georgia Tech Invite in November.
On the men's side, Florida freshman Santiago Corredor put up a big personal best in the 500 free. Though he trailed Alabama's Evan Heldman (4:21.63) halfway, Corredor kicked it into another gear to take control of the race and build a big lead to win it in 4:18.90. That marked his first ever swim under the 4:20 barrier. His best before tonight was a 4:22.05 from the 2017 Purdue Invitational in November. Fellow Florida freshman Erge Gezmis ran down Heldman in the last 100 to take 2nd in 4:21.07. Gezmis dropped over 3 seconds from his former best done at the Purdue Invite, while Heldman dropped nearly 6 seconds from his best time.
Florida State's Rudo Loock was just off his best time in the 200 IM, picking up a win in 1:47.91. Auburn's Hugo Morris also picked up a win for his team in a close 50 free battle. He hit the wall in 19.90, just out-touching Alabama's Braxton Young (19.91) and Florida's Viktor Toth (19.98). That was a career best and first time under 20 for both Young and Toth.
The long wait for the start of the Dodgers postseason run is finally over as the National League Division Series kicks off this evening versus the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
Two members of tractor enthusiast club Blue Force are celebrating 100 years of blue tractor production in 2017 by undertaking a 5000 mile, 51 day Coastline Tractor Challenge, not previously attempted on tractors.
The pair set off from New Holland's Basildon factory on Thursday, April 13, in two new T6 tractors supplied by the manufacturer.
New Holland on the road
Blue Force club members have a passion for preserving and running vintage and modern Fordson, Ford and New Holland marque tractors.
Phil Gibson, chairman of Blue Force, and Peter Plehov, club treasurer, will drive a route around the coast of mainland UK & Ireland, stopping at several points on route including Bournemouth, Galway and Edinburgh.
Phil and Peter set off from the gates of New Holland's Basildon factory at 9am on new T6.145 and T6.180 tractors, which have been donated by New Holland. Each tractor will tow a shepherd's hut, built by Phil and Peter. One hut for sleeping accommodation and the other for fuel, oil and supplies.
Phil and Peter's Coastline Tractor Challenge will culminate at Tractor Fest on the 10th & 11th of June at Newby Hall, Ripon, North Yorkshire.
Andrew Watson, Business Director, New Holland UK and Ireland, said: “We have always had a close relationship with the Blue Force Club so we were delighted to assist Peter and Phil when we heard about their challenge. We look forward to following their progress and wish them luck on their journey.”
Phil Gibson said: “I have been overwhelmed by the tremendous support from New Holland, without them we would not be doing any of this.”
The trip is almost entirely funded by donations that have come from club members and generous sponsors. New Holland dealer Robertsons of Orkney have funded the pair's ferry crossings to the Orkney Islands to guarantee the islands' blue tractor fans can be part of the celebrations. Other New Holland dealers along the 5000-mile route are hosting events to celebrate 100 years of blue tractors and support Phil and Peter on their Coastline Challenge.
Phil, who is a lifelong blue tractor user and fan, said about the challenge that he and treasurer Peter had, “lived, worked and breathed tractors all our lives, but this is something very new”.
The Coastline Challenge will also raise funds for two charities, Steps Conductive Education Centre in Loughborough, and Cancer Research UK. Phil and Peter have a personal connection with the charities and the pair aim to raise £25,000 by the end of 2017. They have raised nearly £7,000 before setting off from Basildon.
To follow the progress of Phil and Peter on the Coastline Challenge, The Blue Force Tractor Club Twitter and Facebook feeds will provide regular update, and a list of locations can be found on the club's website www.blueforce.uk.com.
The long list for Canada's 2017 Polaris Music Prize has been revealed. Drake, Mac DeMarco, Feist, Carly Rae Jepsen, Leonard Cohen, the Weeknd, Japandroids, the New Pornographers, BADBADNOTGOOD, Tanya Tagaq, and more have made the cut. The 40-name long list will be cut down to a 10-name short list, which will be announced on 7/13. Here's this year's full list of nominees:
A Tribe Called Red – We Are The Halluci Nation
Alaclair Ensemble – Les Frères Cueilleurs
Anciients – Voice of the Void
Arkells – Morning Report
Philippe B – La grande nuit vidéo
BADBADNOTGOOD – IV
Louise Burns – Young Mopes
Chocolat – Rencontrer Looloo
Clairmont The Second – Quest For Milk and Honey
Leonard Cohen – You Want It Darker
Antoine Corriveau – Cette chose qui cognait au creux de sa poitrine sans vouloir s'arrêter
Le Couleur – P.O.P.
Marie Davidson – Adieux Au Dancefloor
Mac Demarco – This Old Dog
Gord Downie – Secret Path
Drake – More Life
Feist – Pleasure
Figure Walking – The Big Other
Fiver – Audible Songs From Rockwood
Geoffroy – Coastline
Hannah Georgas – For Evelyn
Japandroids – Near To The Wild Heart Of Life
Carly Rae Jepsen – E.MO.TION Side B
B.A. Johnston – Gremlins III
Lisa LeBlanc – Why You Wanna Leave, Runaway Queen?
The New Pornographers – Whiteout Conditions
Klô Pelgag – L'Étoile thoracique
Peter Peter – Noir Éden
Lido Pimienta – La Papessa
Jessie Reyez – Kiddo
Daniel Romano – Modern Pressure
The Sadies – Northern Passages
John K. Samson – Winter Wheat
Tanya Tagaq – Retribution
The Tragically Hip – Man Machine Poem
TUNS – TUNS
Leif Vollebekk – Twin Solitude
Weaves – Weaves
The Weeknd – Starboy
Charlotte Day Wilson – CDW
After the short list is announced on 7/13, the winner will be crowned at the Polaris Prize Gala on 9/18. Last year, Kaytranada http://www.stereogum.com/1899954/kaytranada-wins-2016-polaris-music-prize/news/”>won the honor.
Hey, Canada. Lots happened this week.
Some of our country was found in Australia. Our anthem was changed (pending royal assent). And maybe, just maybe, we're getting rid of the nickel.
And that's not including all the weather stuff. Here's the Canadian news roundup:
The Senate of Canada has passed a bill to make the national anthem more gender neutral.
This fulfils the dying wish of former Liberal MP Mauril Belanger, who died from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) in 2016.
The amended anthem would change the second line from “in all thy sons command” to “in all of us command.”
And Canadians sure had opinions on this — to the tune of 23,000 interactions, including 6,500 comments!
Here's what some had to say:
Soon every single thing in our Country will be unrecognizable. Just leave things alone. What's next, removing the maple leaf from all things Canadian because someone has a problem with that as well?. Also, isn't there more important items to address in our Country then this?? — Ami Herrington (@AmiHerrington) February 1, 2018
Maybe we should just adopt Classified‘s version “Oh…Canada” as our national anthem and everyone will be happy.
Have you ever felt that the Aussies were like cousins to us Canucks?
Well that may be because, according to geologists, Canada and Australia might've once been part of an ancient “supercontinent.”
This comes after 1.7-billion-year-old bedrock from the Canadian Shield was found in Northern Australia.
As Global's Katie Dangerfield reported:
This discovery suggests the Georgetown area was originally part of North America and formed a supercontinent called “Nuna,” the researchers said.
The story made its way as a top post on the r/worldnews subreddit, and hit 29,000 likes/comments/shares overall.
Here's how some people reacted on Reddit:
https://www.redditstatic.com/comment-embed.js
https://www.redditstatic.com/comment-embed.js
https://www.redditstatic.com/comment-embed.js
Two Canadians were among 10 charged with producing pornographic pictures this week.
As the Canadian Press reports: they were arrested at a party in Siem Reap, near the country's famed Angkor Wat temple complex.
Police said they raided a rented villa where the foreigners were taking part in what organizers billed as a pub crawl and found people “dancing pornographically.”
They face up to a year in prison if convicted.
The prosecutor said after producing the photos, the foreigners shared them on social media.
“Any people producing pornography is contrary to Cambodia's traditions.”
WATCH ABOVE: Sources tell Global News Const. Vittorio Dominelli and his partner have been suspended after ingesting some edibles from a recent dispensary raid.
Toronto police raided a dispensary.
Two of the cops allegedly consumed some of the pot.
One of them reportedly felt like he was going to pass out and had to be taken hospital.
They've both been suspended.
And… in a case of possible self-fulfilling prophecy, one of the officers previously tweeted a selfie video of himself set to the tune of rapper Afroman's 2001 stoner anthem “Because I Got High.”
WATCH BELOW: Toronto police officer sings along to “Because I Got High”.
Here's some reaction to the story:
https://www.redditstatic.com/comment-embed.js
There was actually a… ahem, high number of comments for this piece.
Unfortunately, we can't show many of them here.
In other Canadian news…
A report says Canada is a “full democracy” while the United States is not.
Meanwhile, the RCMP is looking for names for 13 puppy recruits.
Canada's nickel could soon be phased out like the penny, according to an economist.
And Canadian Alessia Cara won the Grammy for Best New Artist!
— With files from The Canadian Press, Katie Dangerfield, Rahul Kalvapalle
eric.do@globalnews.ca
Follow @ericmarkdo
Charleston County Sheriff's Office is investigating a fatal traffic accident involving a motorcycle in Awendaw, deputies confirm.
Charles Peterson, 77, from Mount Pleasant, died on scene from injuries sustained during the accident., according to Charleston County Coroner Kimberly Rhoton. Peterson was the motorcyclist according to deputies.
The accident happened on Highway 17 north, near Seewee Road.
Deputies say that a car collided with a motorcycle.
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved.
Fake versions of the new ‘counterfeit-proof' fiver have turned out to be genuine, washed-out notes.
Police had issued a warning over fake versions of the new £5 notes - despite claims it was impossible to copy.
Officers issued the alert after what appeared to be counterfeits of the new design were seized.
Police published two key differences between a real £5 note and a fake one.
The Big Ben clock tower appears in gold on the real note but the landmark did not appear at all on the ‘fake'.
Also, clear holograms appear on the top and bottom on the front of the new note while the ones discovered in Cornwall are coloured and not holographic.
But The Bank of England subsequently issued a statement saying the ‘fake' fivers highlighted by police were genuine notes - but badly worn through ‘extreme use'.
A spokesman said: “Polymer notes are stronger than paper notes and last longer in usual day-to-day use but they are not indestructible.
“The Bank of England is aware that a small number of polymer £5 notes have been damaged due to extreme use, for example prolonged washing at high temperatures.
“In some cases this has resulted in the foil Elizabeth Tower (Big Ben) being removed.
“These notes are damaged genuine banknotes not counterfeits, and a lot of other security features remain intact such as the Queen's portrait in the window and the microlettering.
“The Bank has not seen any counterfeit Churchill £5 notes printed on polymer.”
KAMLOOPS, B.C. — The Flash will be at this Sunday's Boogie the Bridge event in Kamloops — but it's with a heavy heart and a determination to do something different this year to honour a special person.
Elwood Delaney — for years known as The Flash at the annual fundraiser that begins in Riverside Park — will be running with the memory of his great-aunt fuelling each step.
Dorothy Sewell was one of 10 people killed on Monday after a man in a van mowed down dozens of people as they walked along a sidewalk on Yonge Street in north Toronto.
But Sewell is more than another victim to Delaney — she's the woman who always called on birthdays and at Christmas.
She's the one he took his family to visit last summer when the Delaneys went to Toronto, where Sewell had been living for years.
She's the woman who would volunteer at soup kitchens near her home.
She's the woman who would read to seniors every week.
She's the woman who loved to watch the Blue Jays and the Maple Leafs, a real sports fan who Delaney said inspired his own love of sports.
She's the woman who has always been just Nan to Delaney and Great-Nan to his three children.
Delaney learned of Sewell's death through her family early on Tuesday, just hours after Toronto police arrested Alek Minassian outside the white van he was driving at the time.
Delaney called a friend in Toronto, asking him to take flowers to what has become a memorial wall for the dead and injured.
He told his son about the death and said he took it pretty well considering he's only nine years old.
Delaney's five-year-old daughter, however, was stricken by the news, as much a result of her age as it knows she finally met last year the relative who would call on her birthdays.
Delaney said he's hurt and grief-stricken, but he's also angry, not only for his own loss, but for the families who have also lost members much younger than Sewell, who would have celebrated her 81st birthday this year.
“Nan had a good, solid life,” Delaney said. “She would just be a buddy to people who needed a buddy.”
Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Two of the dead were from South Korea and one from Jordan.
Facebook has confirmed that a widely circulated post that praises Elliot Rodger, who killed six people and then himself at the University of California in 2014, appears to have come from Minassian's account, though it says it's impossible to know who was using the account at the time the post was made.
A Facebook spokeswoman said the account has since been deleted.
— With files from The Canadian Press
Read more B.C. news at kamloopsthisweek.com
Share:
“How do we prevent Iran developing an atomic bomb, when, on the American side, dropping
atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki
is not recognised as a war crime?”
–Gunter Grass
Hiroshima, right after the explosion of the
atom bomb in August 1945.
One of the greatest ironies of histories that have its reverberation till this day was the atom bombs dropped by an American B-29 bomber over the Japanese city of Hiroshima on August 6, 1945. As if it was not enough, three days later Nagasaki was the target of another atom bomb. The first bomb resulted in the immediate killing of 80,000 people whereas it is estimated that the second bomb killed around 40,000 people.
It is interesting to note that the Second World War like its predecessor was not fought to defeat people of an alien religion. It was a war fought between the global powers of the day to secure colonies and national interests. At the end of the war, the victors claimed their moral superiority over the defeated ones by claiming that they fought the war to save the Jews of Europe. However, the Allied powers, objectively speaking, were guilty of war crimes as it targeted civilian populations of Japan.
And the adage that victors write the history is true to this day. Despite the worst violations of human rights in Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria the international community still accepts the United States as the greatest champion of human rights.
The federal government made waves across the country this past week as they announced that they would buy the Kinder Morgan Trans-Mountain Pipeline for a whopping $4.5-billion. Now, the Government of Alberta has come out in support of the decision.
On May 29 — just one day after the decision to buy the pipeline was announced by the Liberals — the Alberta government issued a statement supporting the decision, which has been both applauded and condemned across social media outlets.
“When Kinder-Morgan issued its deadline on April 8, the Government of Alberta committed that the deadline would be met,” Premier Rachel Notley said. “Today, we are delivering on that commitment. We are pleased to have worked with the federal government to ensure construction resumes, certainty is increased and Albertans and all Canadians enjoy the many benefits of having this project go forward.”
The Alberta government is offering support in more than just words, however, setting up a backstop reserve that can be called upon should unforeseen circumstances arise in the payment of the $4.5-billion to Kinder Morgan.
“Alberta's contribution would range from zero to a maximum of $2-billion and would be payable only upon completion of the project,” the province outlined in a statement. “If Alberta's backstop is called upon, Alberta will receive equity in the completed project.”
The province also said that federal ownership over the project would help to shield the pipeline from further political risk, such as the continuing dispute between Alberta, British Columbia and the federal government.
The acquisition of the Trans-Mountain Pipeline project is still dependent on approval by Kinder Morgan shareholders.
Share:
MULTAN-The Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA) has expressed its complete satisfaction over the caretaker set-up announced ahead of the general elections in the country.
Secretary General of Jamaat-e-Islami and MMA Liaqat Baloch said that all suspicions and reservations regarding the upcoming general elections have got cleared now and establishment of caretaker governments at provinces and centre is a good omen for the democracy in the country.
Talking to the media here on Wednesday, he said that it was a great challenge for all political parties to follow the code of conduct for the holding of free, fair and transparent election.
He declared that the MMA would fully participate in the upcoming elections and its candidates would run from all constituencies across the country. He added that the MMA would bring highly capable, patriot and honest candidates to the ground to contest election on the sign of book. He declared that the MMA would carry religion and democracy side by side for the protection of democracy and constitution as well as to maintain a balanced relationship between politics and state.
To a query, he said that the current government completely failed to make the world aware of Indian water terrorism and aggression in held Kashmir. He said that Pakistan was a nuclear power and therefore the MMA would adopt a courageous policy to represent Pakistan on international forums in an honourable way.
CALL TO PRESERVE HISTORIC MONUMENTS: Members of civil society demanded the government on Wednesday take immediate steps to conserve the monuments of Nawab Muzaffar Khan Shaheed, former ruler of Multan.
Addressing a joint news conference here, Dr Farooq Langah, Chairman of Rohi Development Organization, Ehsan Khan Saddozai, Divisional chairman of APCA, Munawar Khurshid Siddiqui, Secretary general of Sawail Development Organisation, Jawad Ameen Qureshi, secretary general of Civil Society Network and Malik Irfan Utera, president of Akhbar Faroosh Union, said that Nawab Muzaffar Khan's palaces and fort in Shujabad and Muzaffargarh were in very poor condition. They further pointed out that besides Shujabad, he also built forts in Khangarh, Sikandarabad and Muzaffargarh. They said that thieves took away doors, windows and even bricks from the forts while Shujabad fort was under occupation of qabza mafia.
They said that Muzaffargarh fort was turned into a graveyard and both the forts were decaying. They demanded the government take both the forts in Muzaffargarh and Shujabad into its custody and launch a revival project. They said that both the forts could attract thousands of tourists to Shujabad and Muzaffargarh. They further asked the government to conserve mango and dates orchards as well as Taleri canal in Muzaffargarh, reconstruct the shrine of Nawaz Shuja Khan Saddozai in Shujabad and eliminate all encroachments along the Muzaffargarh and Shujabad forts. They asked the government to build shrine of Nawab Muzaffar Khan Shaheed on his grave just outside the shrine of Bahauddin Zakariya on Multan fort.
They pointed out that Cardiology Institute was set up at the birthplace of Nawaz Muzaffar Khan Shaheed and therefore either the institute or any of its gates should be named after him.
The California Bucket List is your daily guide to essential California adventures, from easy to edgy. Check in every day for a new must-do adventure, each tried and tested by one of the Travel section's staffers and contributors.
Tell us what's on your California bucket list. Email travel@latimes.com and put California Bucket List in the subject line.
More than 100 protesters gathered in downtown Orlando Tuesday in front of Senator Marco Rubio's office, chanting that they want the Florida senator to hold a town hall.
The crowd was a mix of young and old, Republican and Democrat. Several protesters wore the pink-eared “pussyhats,” the answer to Donald Trump's red Make America Great hats.
The protesters want Marco Rubio to meet his constituents in person at a town hall. Their biggest concerns? Standing up to Donald Trump, investigating ties to between the Trump administration and Russia, and not repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement.
Retired engineer Rick Ashby was one of the Republicans at the rally.
“They literally want to take away health care from some 20 million Americans,” Ashby said. “And they don't really care, apparently, if they have health care or not. They just want to give a tax break to the top one half of one percent.”
Ashby asked the crowd how many of those at the protest had never protested or called a congressman before last November's election. Most in the crowd raised their hands.
Protesters also delivered Valentine's Day cards to Rubio's staffers. Rubio's office has not responded to requests for comment.
WMFE is a partner with Health News Florida, which receives support from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
Health reporting on WMFE is supported in part by Florida Hospital.
With Kirk Cousins out of the mix, the Cardinals have moved to Plan B.
NFL Network's Tiffany Blackmon reported Tuesday that free-agent quarterback Sam Bradford will sign with Arizona.
NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport cited the deal as a one-year pact worth $20 million with a second-year option for an additional $20 million, per a source.
"They think very highly of Sam Bradford," Rapoport said of the Cardinals during an appearance on NFL Network.
Sam Bradford's 2-year, $40 million deal with the #Cardinals included a $10M signing bonus, $5M guaranteed base salary and whopping $5M in per-game active bonuses for 2018. Logical approach as he comes back from the knee. Another $17.5M fully guaranteed in 2019 if option exercised â Tom Pelissero (@TomPelissero) March 19, 2018
Bradford might not be seen as the starry, free-agent equal of Cousins, but he's a sneaky high-potential, short-term signing for the Cardinals. His health and durability remain a raging question mark, but Bradford has strung together positive outings over the past few seasons. He was ranked No. 12 on NFL.com's Top 101 Free Agents of 2018.
The 30-year-old Bradford started just two games in 2017, authoring a pristine performance in a 29-19 win over the Saints in Week 1. The former first-overall pick was then lost to a lingering knee issue that ultimately paved the way for Case Keenum. His only other action came during a Week 5 win over the Bears.
It's worth noting that Vikings coach Mike Zimmer recently called Bradford's knee issue a "degenerative" condition.
Blackmon was told by a team source that Arizona views Bradford's "accuracy" and "arm strength" as major positives. Among all quarterbacks with 15-plus starts over the past two seasons, only four players -- Tom Brady, Matt Ryan, Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers -- own a higher passer rating.
It's worth noting the Cardinals also have the No. 15 overall pick in the draft. Blackmon mentioned that "best player available" could be in play with that selection for a team that must also focus on rebuilding their offensive line.
Bradford represents a start for a team with zero passers under contract. Look for the front office to add another arm through free agency along with a rookie. Ex-Bears free-agent bust Mike Glennon was mentioned by Rapoport as a potential target for the Cardinals.
Bradford can operate at a high level -- he's proven that -- but few veterans come with a hazier outlook in terms of staying upright.
With All-Pro wideout Larry Fitzgerald teed up for one final go-around, the Cardinals must continue to strengthen the most important position on their roster.
UPDATE: Bears quarterback Mike Glennon is expected to sign with the Cardinals after he is released by Chicago, NFL Network's Tiffany Blackmon reported.
I am running out of room on this wall of opportunity to bang my head on, a wall apparently the gutless Republican party cannot see.
Their reasons for failure are endless. First they said we don't have any power, so the informed voters gave them the House. Not enough, they said, so we got them the Senate, then the presidency. Still nothing can get done. Since 2008, when Obama became president, the Dems have lost over 1,000 legislative seats in state and national legislatures and now the Republicans control almost three-fourths of the governors seats; still they do not act. Having campaigned for eight years on getting rid of Obamacare, a bill drawn up by a party that spent millions on a website (which crashed the first day it was supposed to sign up enrollees), is an example of how smart their party is. The bill passed without any Republican votes. The milquetoast Republicans are trying to get complete repeal of Obamacare ... it can't be done … you cannot give a baby a pacifier (Obamacare) to suck on for 8 years and then take it away.
President Reagan said that you take what you get now and come back later for the rest! President Trump believes the same thing; it is called negotiation. If the Republicans do not get Obamacare replaced, tax reform, and a jobs bill passed before the 2018 midterm election, then you can say goodbye to a two-party system in America and we will become a progressive-socialist country that the Democrats have wanted all along!
Garland J. Horn
Granite City
Send letters to the editor to fredpollard@advantagenews.com
Quebec premier Philippe Couillard is inviting anglophones who have left the province to come back, following a heated debate at a meeting of the Liberal Party of Quebec's youth wing lat weekend.
“Your presence is necessary, wanted; we need you in order to have a better future for all Quebecers,” he said.
Sunday, some anglophone members of the party's youth wing proposed a resolution that would have allowed French students to study in the English school system.
The resolution was on the agenda during the youth wing's policy convention in Sherbrooke.
READ MORE: Bill 101 changes force French descriptors on corporate signage
Member Matthew Quadrini argued that enrollment at English institutions is in decline because of Bill 101.
He also pointed out that there is gross overcrowding in French schools.
As it stands now, all children are expected to attend school in French, unless they have a parent who attended English school in Canada.
READ MORE: What is Bill 101?
The change would have altered Bill 101, which was put in place to protect the French language in the province.
WATCH BELOW: Language debate in Quebec
Others at the convention insisted the French language needs to continue to be defended, while at the same time, finding ways to better support the English system.
Some also pointed out it could also create more tension between the two languages, and the proposal was rejected.
READ MORE: Lisée wants to impose more French on English universities and CEGEPs
Luc Fortin, minister responsible for the protection and promotion of the French language, said the result of the vote was in line with the government's position.
“We're in a position of equilibrium, we have linguistic peace and we will not reopen Bill 101,” he said.
— with files from The Canadian Press.
Share:
LUDHIANA - A seven-year-old girl from Faisalabad who was undergoing treatment in a hospital in India passed away on Tuesday.
According to reports, Zainab had three holes in her heart with the left side of her heart not working.
Zainab's father said the doctors at Faisalabad's Institute of Cardiology had recommended that the seven-year-old be taken to India for treatment.
“Following their recommendation, we took our daughter to Ludhiana where she had surgery last night,” her father said.
The seven-year-old was moved to the intensive care unit (ICU) after her surgery and the next 24 hours were said to be critical.
However, Zainab lost the battle for her life at 4am on Tuesday.
The deceased's body was handed over to the parents, however, the family is now facing trouble in bringing the body back to Pakistan.
In a video message, the girl's father blamed the authorities for forcing him to run pillar to post among various government departments to obtain travel documents.
The father also appealed to Pakistani High Commission to help in the matter.
British police say two Britons who fell critically ill in the town of Amesbury were exposed to nerve agent Novichok, the same material used to poison a former Russian spy in a nearby area last spring.
Medical officials said Wednesday people who had been in the area where the couple had been should take precautions and wash their clothes.
Police said it is unclear if this incident is linked to the earlier poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal, or if the batch was the same as the one that poisoned them on March 4.
SALISBURY, ENGLAND - MARCH 13: Police officers in forensics suits and protective masks work at the scene of the poisoning of Sergei Skripal on March 13, 2018 in Salisbury, England. (Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)
Christopher Furlong, 2018 Getty Images
Counter-terrorism police detective Neil Basu said it is unclear if the couple were targeted or if the poisoning was accidental.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday slammed Ukraine's staged murder of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko was an "anti-Russian provocation."
Babchenko, a dissident journalist who was reported murdered in Kiev, dramatically reappeared alive on Wednesday in the middle of a briefing by Ukrainian security officials about his own killing. He said had been part of a special Ukrainian operation to thwart a Russian attempt on his life.
(Reporting by Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber; Editing by Larry King)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan on Monday told the United States that dialogue with India was the only option for regional peace.
In a meeting with the US National Security Adviser Lt General H R McMaster here, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that Pakistan was convinced that all issues with India could be resolved through talks.
Sharif reiterated his firm conviction on sustained dialogue and meaningful engagement “as the only way forward to resolve all outstanding issues between India and Pakistan including the Kashmir dispute,” said a statement released by the PM's office after the meeting.
Pakistan-India relations have been far from normal in the recent months.
In July a Kashmiri freedom fighter – Burhan Wani - was killed by the Indian forces.
This was followed by protests in held Kashmir and use of power by India to crush the demonstrators – dozens were killed.
In September, 19 Indian soldiers were killed in an attack in Uri, held Kashmir.
India blamed Pakistan for supporting the attackers.
Pakistan rejected the claim.
Afterwards, there were skirmishes on the Line of Control (LoC) and the Working Boundary as India showed aggression.
The tension is yet to cool down.
PM Sharif told General McMaster that Pakistan welcomed US President Donald Trump's willingness to help Pakistan and India resolve their differences particularly on Kashmir.
He said that Pakistan was looking forward to forging a strong and mutually-beneficial partnership with the US to promote peace and security in the region and beyond.
Sharif reaffirmed his commitment to a peaceful neighbourhood and apprised the US National Security Advisor of the steps taken by Pakistan to reach out to both India and Afghanistan.
He conveyed Pakistan's readiness to work with the international community to explore ways in which the Afghan crisis can be resolved.
The prime minister also said that across-the-board consensus was achieved by his government to combat extremism and terrorism.
He said that structural reforms in the economy had laid the foundation of a moderate, progressive and democratic Islamic republic that was ready to do business with the United States and the world at large.
General McMaster assured the prime minister that the new administration was committed to strengthening bilateral relations and working with Pakistan, to achieve peace and stability in Afghanistan and in the wider south Asian region.
Effective Afghan border
management key to peace: Aziz
Later, General McMaster met Adviser to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz.
The adviser was assisted by the Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Syed Tariq Fatemi, National Security Adviser Nasser Khan Janjua and senior officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
During the meeting, Aziz noted that Pakistan and the US had been close friends over decades and that a continued strong partnership between the two countries remained critical to promoting and sustaining peace and stability in the wider region.
He gave a briefing on the policies being pursued by the government that resulted in improved security environment and economic turnaround in Pakistan, the foreign ministry said in a post-meeting statement.
On terrorism, the adviser noted that impressive gains had been made in eliminating terrorists and that Pakistan remained determined to continue this fight as part of the National Action Plan (NAP) until the scourge of terrorism was completely eliminated from its soil.
He said that the government was determined to maintain the existing momentum on both the security and economic fronts to lead the people of Pakistan towards a prosperous and secure future.
Conveying Pakistan's concerns over the deteriorating security situation in Afghanistan, the adviser reaffirmed Pakistan's commitment to work with the international community to support efforts for peace and reconciliation in Afghanistan.
The adviser also highlighted the importance of effective border management as part of the actions required to achieve sustainable peace in the region.
The Pakistan side also shared its perspective on the plight of Kashmiris in occupied Kashmir and the status of relations with India.
The adviser apprised the visiting delegation of the steps taken by Pakistan to reach out to both India and Afghanistan.
General McMaster acknowledged Pakistan's sacrifices in combating extremism and terrorism, said the statement.
He renewed the commitment of the new administration to work closely with Pakistan in strengthening mutually-beneficial relations and towards the shared objectives of peace and stability in Afghanistan and the region.
General McMaster was assisted in the meeting by US Ambassador to Pakistan David Hale, Acting US Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Laurel Miller, Senior Director for South Asia Lisa Curtis and Director Pakistan Jay Wise in the National Security Council.
The US embassy, in its statement, said General McMaster departed Pakistan after productive meetings with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa, Special Advisor to the Prime Minister on National Security and Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz, Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Syed Tariq Fatemi and National Security Adviser Nasser Khan Janjua.
General McMaster expressed appreciation for Pakistan's democratic and economic development, and stressed the need to confront terrorism in all its forms, said the embassy.
“The two sides discussed a range of bilateral and regional issues. This was General McMaster's first visit to Pakistan in his role as national security advisor. The visit was a part of regional consultations that included a stop in Kabul,” the statement added.
From page 1
the international community to support efforts for peace and reconciliation in Afghanistan.
The adviser also highlighted the importance of effective border management as part of the actions required to achieve sustainable peace in the region.
The Pakistan side also shared its perspective on the plight of Kashmiris in occupied Kashmir and the status of relations with India.
The adviser apprised the visiting delegation of the steps taken by Pakistan to reach out to both India and Afghanistan.
General McMaster acknowledged Pakistan's sacrifices in combating extremism and terrorism, said the statement.
He renewed the commitment of the new administration to work closely with Pakistan in strengthening mutually-beneficial relations and towards the shared objectives of peace and stability in Afghanistan and the region.
General McMaster was assisted in the meeting by US Ambassador to Pakistan David Hale, Acting US Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan Laurel Miller, Senior Director for South Asia Lisa Curtis and Director Pakistan Jay Wise in the National Security Council.
The US embassy, in its statement, said General McMaster departed Pakistan after productive meetings with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Chief of Army Staff General Qamar Javed Bajwa, Special Advisor to the Prime Minister on National Security and Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz, Special Assistant to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Syed Tariq Fatemi and National Security Adviser Nasser Khan Janjua.
General McMaster expressed appreciation for Pakistan's democratic and economic development, and stressed the need to confront terrorism in all its forms, said the embassy.
“The two sides discussed a range of bilateral and regional issues. This was General McMaster's first visit to Pakistan in his role as national security advisor. The visit was a part of regional consultations that included a stop in Kabul,” the statement added.
A smaller entry this week sold easily to a very strong demand with steers selling to £970 for a 450kg Charolais (£215).
Weanling steers and bulls selling to £905 for a 360kg Charolais (£251) and reaching £286 per 100kg for a 280kg Charolais at £800.
Store heifers sold to £1,030 for a 500kg Charolais (£206) and a 520kg Blonde d'Aquitaine to £1,000 (£192).
Weanling heifers sold to £665 for a 330kg Charolais (£201) and selling to £258 per 100kg for a 240kg Charolais at £620.
Leading prices for all stock as follows:
Steers and bulls - Lisnaskea producer 450kg Charolais to £970 (£215), Newtownbutler producer 360kg Charolais to £905 (£251), 330kg Charolais to £880 (£266) and 320kg Charolais to £785 (£245), Lisnaskea producer 390kg Charolais to £855 (£219), Lisnaskea producer 280kg Charolais to £800 (£286) and 290kg Charolais to £790 (£272), Newtownbutler producer 280kg Charolais to £800 (£286), 330kg Limousin to £740, 280kg Limousin to £600, 280kg Charolais to £600 and 260kg Limousin to £555. Newtownbutler producer 350kg Simmental to £800 (£228), Newtownbutler producer 300kg Charolais to £785 (£261), Lisnaskea producer 300kg Charolais to £780 (£260)
STORE & WEANLING HEIFERS: Brookeborough producer 500kg Charolais to £1,030 (£206), 440kg Limousin to £880 and 410kg Limousin to £810. Derrylin producer 520kg Blonde d'Aquitaine to £1,000 (£192), Derrylin producer 460kg Charolais to £880 and 400kg Charolais to £750. Newtownbutler producer 330kg Charolais to £665, 290kg Charolais to £635, 300kg Charolais to £600 twice and 250kg Charolais to £550. Lisnaskea producer 240kg Charolais to £620 (£258), Lisnaskea producer 320kg Limousin to £620. Newtownbutler producer 240kg Limousin to £580 (£241).
Cows and calves sold to £980 for an Aberdeen Angus cow and Charolais heifer calf for a Lisbellaw producer.
Please note there is no sale on Tuesday, July 10th. Sales commence on Tuesday, July 17th.
SPOILER ALERT: Do not read if you have not yet watched the series finale of “The Americans” that aired May 30.
FX's period spy drama “The Americans” has officially come to an end. And while the audience may not be as used to it yet as Keri Russell's stoic Elizabeth Jennings, there are a couple guys who are thrilled with how it all turned out: co-showrunners Joe Weisberg and Joel Fields.
“We test drove almost every ending you could imagine,” Fields says, noting that that did include versions that would have killed off some main characters. But this version, which the writers and producers came up with somewhere around the end of the first and beginning of the second seasons, “felt right” and “never shifted even as we moved forward toward it,” he continues.
For Fields and Weisberg, it was a no-brainer to have McDonald's be the Jenningses' final meal in America. To get the right look for the restaurant, “The Americans” production team relied on the fast food corporation's in-house librarian and a bit of green screen fairy dust to recreate a deserted roadside 1980s Mickey D's.
“We loved that…Philip's final goodbye to this greatest icon of both American capitalism as he had become enamored of capitalism and sort of as America itself,” Weisberg says.
Like all other parts of the series, Weisberg and Fields say they dictated this action based on what the characters would actually do. This is why earlier in the finale Philip (Matthews Rhys) stops feeding neighbor and FBI agent Stan Beeman (Noah Emmerich) their homespun lie of an all-American family during a confrontation in a parking garage that pits himself, his wife and daughter on the wrong side of the FBI man's revolver — a scene that could easily have turned into bloodshed with one misstep from either side.
“We know some of our stories are a little more far-fetched and wild than that,” Weisberg says, “but when we're getting to something really big and really emotional, then we want that to ring as true as possible.”
Fields and Weisberg say it is up to the viewers to decide what Philip said — or when he said it — that made Stan decide to let them go.
“At the end of the day, that friendship was a real friendship,” Weisberg says of Stan and Philip's past bromance over racquetball and beers. “There's no question about it through all the layers of bulls— and lying and manipulation and everything else, it's hard to argue that these two men didn't love each other.”
Therefore, he says “that scene becomes an exploration of six seasons' worth…of a real relationship.”
Fields adds that that scene is the one they spent the most time writing out of the whole series because they knew “the stakes were high.”
“If that scene didn't work, the whole ending of the show didn't work,” he says.
It also took a full day to film, and Weisberg credits the actors for pulling it off.
“These were people who have worked together for such a long time and really love each other and trust each other and like working together,” he says. “And they've done a lot of very intense, emotional scenes together. But nevertheless, there was something for them you could just feel very important and moving. …It was sort of like you could see they just couldn't wait to do it. They just loved having this challenge and this opportunity and this ability to sort of do their craft at the highest levels.”
Still, this isn't to say everything went according to plan. Songs have always had particular resonance on “The Americans” and it was crucial to find the perfect one to play toward the end of the finale that is otherwise absent of dialogue — especially since it runs over a long train ride involving Elizabeth, Philip and their daughter, Paige (Holly Taylor), while Stan Beeman has to tell their son Henry (Keidrich Sellati) that they've left him behind (Oh, and that his parents are spies!).
Fields and Weisberg went with U2's soaring 1987 hit “With or Without You,” but the choice was not obvious or immediate. The showrunners are mum to say which other songs lost out, but there were many and Weisberg knows someone will eventually make a YouTube smash cut featuring potential alternatives.
Then, of course, there may be a certain contingent of the audience, particularly in this political climate, who wanted Stan to vanquish his Russian enemies — or at least cart them off in a squad car.
The showrunners understand this, but they say they've also made a point of creating an increasingly topical series in a creative bubble. Despite Weisberg's own history as a CIA officer, he says “what interested us was these characters and these themes and it was, kind of, a relief to be able to wall ourselves off every day in the relatively safe world of the mid-80s.”
And isn't losing their kids punishment enough?
Perhaps that's why Elizabeth's dream sequence on the plane as she leaves North America for Russia is also not abundantly clear. She sees herself pregnant and in bed with her former paramour Gregory (Derek Luke). Elizabeth tells Gregory she doesn't want the kid anyway before she sees flashes of a young Paige and Henry as depicted through Erica's (Miriam Shor) artwork.
“There just seemed to be so much in her subconscious there,” Fields says. “And this seemed like a great way to put it together and shake it up and just let it all be. …That moment that she had talked about in the first season was the moment that she was starting a family. And now here she was leaving them behind. And looking across the aisle at this man who had over all these seasons truly become her husband.”
Still, Philip and Elizabeth's kids are alive even if the elder Jenningses can't see them anymore. So are a lot of other characters, like Alison Wright's Martha, who is also now in Russia and would be very shocked to see him appear in her Moscow supermarket — which could make a meet-cute for a spinoff series.
Weisberg and Fields have heard many such spinoff ideas — from Paige working in the state department to Henry as a hockey star to Stan following up to see if FBI officers saw him interrogate the Jenningses in that parking garage — but they have no plans to bring any of them to fruition.
“It really feels like this one wants to be fully told at this point — it feels like that kind of story,” Fields says. “It does seem like the story is over to us.”
By Simone Sippenauer
*A visit to a Community against Diabetes and Hypertension (CADH) peer support group in Matapira, Malawi: Simone Sippenauer's Impression, Medical Student at the University of Heidelberg, Germany
I was doing a hypertension research project at Lighthouse Trust, Lilongwe, when I discovered Olive Kadzakumanja's NGO Community against Diabetes and Hypertension during an online search. I contacted her and we met a week before I left Malawi. She suggested visiting the Matapira CADH group meeting together.
Our journey started on October 4th, 2017. I met Olive Kadzakumanja at Share World at 7 am in the morning.We embarked on one of the minivans that functions as a bus in Africa.
For me this was a truly African experience – the van was full of people with their belongings and I had to climb over several bags in order to find a seat in the last row. Olive found a seat two rows ahead of me and once in a while, when she turned around, we both had grand smiles on our faces, looking forward to the community in the beautiful valley of Matapira!
After about two hours, we got off the minibus and saw two men with motorcycles waiting at the intersection to a dirt road. Those two were our ride to the village of Matapira. Each of us climbed onto a motorbike. The ride was unforgettable – it was such a freeing experience. What we saw was like a scene out of a movie.
The African landscape was stunning, with undulating hills in the distance. The sun was shining, the wind was blowing into our faces, playing with our hair, and I knew that I would get to meet a peer group at the end of seeing this beautiful countryside.
When we arrived at the meeting point for the group, it was like another movie scene – about forty small children were flocking around me, greeting me, waving at me. That was overwhelming – I love children and after this adventurous ride on the back of a motorbike, it was like the icing on the cake. Once the children had dispersed, Olive told me that they were orphans who are cared for at this site during the day until they return to their foster families in the afternoon. Bittersweet…
We reached the village. Four women were sitting in the shade under a tree as well as a man, slightly removed from them. It turned out that the man was the leader of the peer support group. Olive and I greeted the women and then we walked up to the man, where Olive introduced me. We then proceeded into the meeting hall, where I helped Olive hang up her Health Education Posters pertaining to Diabetes. After arranging the benches – on one side were the women and on the other side the men, we stepped outside and invited the CADH peer support group members to come into the hall and take a seat.
Olive asked whether anyone spoke English to translate for me – no one in this very remote rural community did, so Olive translated for me. She normally does not like to do that because she does not want people to think that she puts words into the speaker's mouth. For me this was completely acceptable, as I trusted that Olive would translate truthfully. I counted about 25 women and 6 men.
Olive introduced me to the CADH peer support group members in Chichewa and gave the word to the community group leader, who stood up and welcomed me in Chichewa. The meeting had been arranged in an unusually short time because I was leaving Malawi soon.
The group leader explained the biggest problem to me. At the nearby community health center there are no drugs available to counteract hypertension. Only diuretics are more commonly available to rid the body of volume that forces the heart to work harder.
ACE inhibitors and beta-blockers cannot be prescribed because they are not available. ACE inhibitors protect the kidneys. Beta-blockers cause the heart to beat slower and with less force, thereby reducing blood pressure. They also help blood vessels widen to improve blood flow.
Olive had told me prior to the group gathering, that she had previously collaborated with an Indian doctor, who had helped her to acquire the necessary drugs for participants. Unfortunately this contact no longer lives in Malawi.
At the time of my visit to Matapira, I was doing research at Lighthouse Trust, an HIV clinic and Center of Disease Control site where drugs are widely available, I now had a grass-roots view of how the medical system works without a high-end clinical setting as well as no or hardly any foreign aid in a rural community. The people there only have hope that one day life in Malawi will improve. Apart from that they live in a self-sustaining community with bare essentials.
For me, it was really heart-breaking to see these participants living without proper medical attention because the appropriate drugs are simply not available. Working at Lighthouse to gather data for a 24 h Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring Study in HIV positive patients, where patients get state of the art treatment, I saw what the reality for most Malawians truly is – a sad eye-opener.
When the group leader had finished talking, word was handed over to the women, who also greeted me and confirmed the group leader's opinion and concerns. They said that they did not have anything to add, as the group leader had explained the situation in detail.
One woman said, please don't think we are not interested because we are so few today, but there was a communication problem. Most participants do not have cell phones and the meeting dates are spread via word of mouth.
The Matapira CADH group counts more than 200 people and is therefore an unusually large group. There are 17 CADH groups within Malawi.
Olive then started her health talk, going along with the posters on the wall. When she was finished, we started looking at the group members individually. They all had a health passport with them. At every weekly group meeting, the BP is noted as well as the blood sugar of the diabetic patients. We started with the women.
The group leader is in possession of a blood pressure monitoring machine as well as blood sugar testing kits. Members have access to these tools; however they need to find the group leader in order to use them outside of meetings.Many more BP machines would be needed for such a large peer support group.
After the meeting, Olive, the group leader, and I went on a walk to the village center to visit the newly established community health center, staffed with one doctor and two nurses.
They have no anti-hypertensives.We then fetched two men on motorbikes again to take us to the intersection of the dirt road in order to take a van back to the capital, Lilongwe.
Most CADH members were recruited when Olive, a retired nurse, volunteered at Kamuzu Central Hospital at the Diabetes and Anti-Hypertension Clinic.
She teaches patients how to use the insulin pen, how to store insulin properly without having a refrigerator and shows them how to take care of their feet. She discusses nutrition and the fact that diabetes can cause impotence in men and low libido in women. This leads to serious marriage problems and often, infidelity.
The CADH peer support groups are a highly innovative approach – and, one of the most important and impressive factors – the peer support groups have elements of preventive medicine. Preventive medicine is hardly practiced in Malawi. Prevention is not a concept. This is due to lack of education and to the resource-restrained setting.
I was in Malawi, collecting data for a 24 hour Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring study at Lighthouse Trust in Lilongwe. There, patient adherence to anti-hypertensive drugs was a serious problem. Therefore it was remarkable to see this grass-roots, self-initiated peer support group with its highly enthusiastic members so involved with improving their own health.
My visit to Matapira in order to see a CADH peer support group in action may turn out to be one of the most important excursions of my life. It showed me how much can be achieved with next to no resources. It taught me how the passion of one single retired nurse can mobilize so many people and do so much good.
Canadians produce a lot of waste. While the garbage and recycling trucks take it out of sight and thus out of mind for us, we shouldn't forget it still has to go somewhere.
A comprehensive set of data from Statistics Canada dating back a decade placed Canadian waste per person at 1,031 kilograms per year. This translated to 34 million tonnes of waste nationally.
Of this, 777 kilograms were sent to landfills and incinerated while 254 kilograms were diverted away from landfills. Years later, those numbers were virtually unchanged. In 2014, we diverted only 254 kg per person.
One of the dirty secrets of our waste is that we aren't dealing with it all at home.
“Long after asbestos was banned in this country, for example, we were still shipping it off to countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh where it was used in cement despite the well-established health risks,” wrote Mark Bonokoski in a recent column. “Asbestos lungs? Over there maybe, but not here.”
We not only continue to ship our waste and recyclables to other countries, it actually brings in revenue. However now countries like China are looking to change that – offering our municipalities less revenue and making them follow stricter rules on what they receive, such as a near zero tolerance for food scraps on recyclables.
The status quo is no longer an option. The issue of waste management is no longer so out of sight. It may require a more “made in Canada” solution.
These prospects shouldn't frighten us. If we look around the world, there are options to explore.
Sweden, for example, is a world leader in turning household waste into energy through clean energy incineration. “More than 99 per cent of all household waste is recycled one way or another,” boasts an article on a Swedish government website. Half of this they convert into energy.
They're so good at it and it's proven so profitable they now provide the service for others. “In 2015 Sweden imported 2.3 million tonnes of waste from, among others, Norway, the UK and Ireland,” the site notes.
The task of managing waste for a growing population is a challenge but one we can rise to meet. It's time to better explore creative options.
BASILE~The family of Marshall Wayne Miller is deeply saddened to announce his passing on Monday, June 12, 2017 in the comfort of his home surrounded by his loving family and friends. He was 64. A Celebration of Life will be celebrated at 11:00 am on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at St. Augustine Catholic Church in Basile. Inurnment will follow in the Langley Cemetery with Father David Hebert officiating.
Marshall was described as very friendly, enjoyed people and loved having a good time. He enjoyed hunting, fishing, cooking and especially time spent with his family and friends. He will be missed dearly by all who knew and loved him especially his son, Ray Bodle and wife, Tamy of Lowville, New York ; his two sisters, Connie Douget and husband, Larry of Moss Bluff and Diane Duhon of Basile; numerous grandchildren; as well as nieces, nephews and extended family and friends.
He is preceded in death by his parents, Percy Miller and Stella Miller Daigle.
At the request of the family, visitation will be held at St. Augustine Catholic Church in Basile on Thursday, June 15th from 10:00 am until time of services. Father David Hebert will recite a Rosary at 10:30 am. No food or drinks are to be brought in to church.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Mybet Holding SE:
* DGAP-ADHOC: MYBET HOLDING SE: ADJUSTMENT TO 2017 SALES AND EARNINGS FORECAST
* CURRENTLY ASSUME THAT 2017 SALES REVENUES AMOUNTED TO 34.5 TO 35.0 MILLION EUROS
* CURRENTLY ASSUME THAT 2017 EBIT WAS AROUND 1.0 MILLION EUROS (MOST RECENTLY: 2.5 TO 3.0 MILLION EUROS)
* REASONS FOR ADJUSTMENT ARE DELAYS IN ONLINE BUSINESS IN COMPANY‘S CORE MARKETS, GREECE AND GHANA Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Happy Fourth of July – or maybe not.
The Democratic National Committee's annual Fourth of July statement reflects its long-standing tensions with President Donald Trump.
While hailing the nation's founding ideal of equality for all, DNC chairman Tom Perez said in the statement, "we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families."
Adding that "everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack," Perez referred to problems surrounding low-paying jobs, health care, immigration, injustice to people of color and members or the LGBTQ community, a recent Supreme Court decision on public unions, and the retirement of Justice Anthony Kennedy.
"Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border," Perez said. "At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before."
While he did not cite Trump by name, Perez's list deals with White House policies.
Perez closed by saying, "as we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
The Republicans, in control of the White House and Congress, issued a more upbeat statement about the Fourth of July.
"As we celebrate more than two centuries of independence, we honor the patriots who declared America a free nation in 1776," said Ronna McDaniel, chairwoman of the Republican National Committee. "We also remember and thank our service members for their lasting dedication and countless sacrifices to guard our liberties."
McDaniel pledged "to uphold America's founding principles and continue to fight for our inalienable rights: life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all."
Here is the Democratic statement in full:
“Nearly two and a half centuries ago, a band of patriots gathered in Philadelphia to declare that ‘all men are created equal.' Our nation has changed dramatically since those words were first written on parchment. Generations of brave Americans – from service members to civil rights activists – have fought to expand the promise of equality for more Americans and move our country forward in its march toward a more perfect union. “As we celebrate our nation's independence, we recognize that America's founding promise remains out of reach for too many families. Too many members of our society are still struggling to find a good-paying job or get the health care they need. Too many women, LGBTQ Americans, people of color, and people with disabilities still face inequality and injustice across our society. “Everywhere we look, our most fundamental values are under attack. Thousands of children have been separated from their parents at our southern border. At our highest court, workers' rights are being taken away, voting rights are under assault, Muslim Americans are being discriminated against for their faith, and women's right to choose is under threat like never before. “The Democratic Party believes that all people are created equal – no matter who they are, where they come from, who they love, or how they pray. As we celebrate our nation's independence, Democrats reaffirm our commitment to fighting for the values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone."
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
June is celebrated as the International Pride Month because it marks the anniversary of the Stonewall Riots (June 1969) — the iconic New York City uprising that played a tremendous role in the pioneering years of the queer rights moment.
And so, here are a few films that honour and celebrate the struggle of fighting for queer rights on the 48th anniversary of the riots:
Milk (2009) /The Times of Harvey Milk (1984)
Gus Van Sant's critically acclaimed and internationally famous biopic about the life and times of the politician Harvey Milk is a definite must-watch.
The film perfectly captures the gay rights movement in the 70s and serves as an effective primer for a political movement stressing the importance of forming coalitions. It also emphasised how LGBT interests fit in with the middle class ethos.
Sean Penn plays Milk as an impossible to dislike political activist and wins full points for his portrayal — but if you are looking for a historical accurate portrayal of Harvey Milk's life, then you are better of watching the 1984 documentary The Times of Harvey Milk.
Philadelphia (1993)
Philadelphia was the first mainstream, big budget film to cover the AIDS epidemic in America. Tom Hanks stars as a gay lawyer suing his old firm for wrongful termination and Denzel Washington as the lawyer who represents him.
The film is not only important because director Jonathan Demme's take on the subject matter is a unique one, but also because it summarises the struggle of an openly queer man in the height of the AIDS hysteria in America.
Blue is the Warmest Color (2013)
Two young women fall in love as navigate the challenges of adulthood, love and loss in their lives.
This Palme D'or award winner is noteworthy because the story of the film is interesting, and the acting of the lead pair — Léa Seydoux, Adèle Exarchopoulos, is brilliant.
But where the film lacks is in the fact that the lead characters are unnecessarily sexualised (the love scenes are in focus in the film) which might have been remedied if a more sensitive director, perhaps a woman, might have sat in the director's chair.
But the film is an important landmark in cinema because it is one of the few films on lesbians that have gained international prominence.
If you want a story about the struggle of two women in love, you are better off watching lesser known Deepa Mehta's Fire, which manages to sensitively depict the love story of two women.
Paris is Burning (1990)
This classic documentary has won major awards at Sundance and Berlin, and had crossed nearly $4 million at the box office when it was released.
The documentary talks about the underground ballroom culture of late 1980s New York City (and the many queer communities involved in it), and its success shone light on a collection of powerful, authentic voices that have never been given such a spotlight. It serves as an amazing guide to the young LGBT activists of the time.
Chronicles of Hari/Harikatha Prasanga (2015)
The documentary style fictional film tells the tale of an actor renowned for performing female roles.
Told through four interviews, the film touches on his strained relationship with his brother, a failed marriage, artistic struggles and his final decision to adopt a woman's persona completely.
Hari's struggle to embrace his sexuality and way of dressing on-screen give you goosebumps.
Director Ananya Kasarvalli's debut film is one of the most sensitive portrayals of the cross dressers that has ever been seen on film, and is a must-watch for the sensitive handling of the subject.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenage mum gave birth at home in front of 10 loved ones - including her quick-thinking dad who took off his shoelaces to help.
Megan Cooper, 16, had gone into labour a week early on Thursday evening but had been sent home by staff at Ormskirk hospital as she was only 2cm dilated.
But soon after arriving home to Kirkby, near Liverpool, she suddenly felt the urge to push.
Her family rushed around to help including - and while her sister Laura called 999, her taxi driver dad, John, quickly took his shoelaces off to wrap around the cord.
Fortunately, paramedics Kelsey and James arrived in time to help and the shoelaces weren't needed.
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
(Image: Liverpool Echo WS)
Laura told the Liverpool Echo : “We phoned for an ambulance and then I phoned our two other sisters who live down the road to get them to come round.
“The labour came on so fast and we didn't know what to do, but the man on the end of the phone was really helpful.
“It only took paramedics 10 minutes to get to us, they were amazing.
"When they arrived the baby's head was crowning. Megan was brilliant - there was 10 of us in the bedroom, it was a bit of a squeeze but it was magical.”
Megan gave birth to baby boy Deacon Declan Cooper, weighing 7lbs 12oz, at 1:45am on Friday and was taken to hospital with boyfriend Declan by her side for a check-up.
Laura said: “My dad was thrilled to be there as he actually missed Megan's birth, so it was amazing for him to be there to basically deliver his grandson.
“Megan was really scared, but the paramedics really helped to calm her down and from then on it was a breeze, she's a little star.
“Megan wants to carry on with her college work at Mode Training and provide a future for her baby boy, and of course we'll all support her too”
Mother and baby are expected home later today, with the rest of the family celebrating together in their local Wetherspoons.
Laura said: “We just wanted to say a huge thank you to the NHS , they were just brilliant.
“Megan will be an amazing mum, even though she's young and we're so proud of her.”
Harvey Weinstein is led out of a New York police station in handcuffs on May 25. (Spencer Platt)
It's hard to think of anyone who plummeted from power faster and further than Harvey Weinstein. And with the announcement Monday that a Manhattan grand jury had updated its indictment from May against Weinstein with three more charges, the onetime Hollywood overlord turned ankle-monitored outcast now faces not just the possibility of lifetime banishment from Hollywood but possible lifetime imprisonment as well.
Weinstein was initially charged with raping one woman and sexually assaulting another. He pleaded not guilty. Now he's been hit with new assault charges for allegedly forcing a third woman to have sex with him. The three additional charges carry a minimum sentence of 10 years in prison and a maximum sentence of life.
Since last fall, dozens of women have accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct and assault, leading to his downfall and his perp walk into a New York City police station and giving rise to the #MeToo movement and the unprecedented raising of consciousness about the unacceptability of sexual harassment.
Eibar are waiting on Newcastle United's next move in their pursuit of Florian Lejeune.
The Magpies are ready to exploit Lejeune's £8.7million release clause.
Lejeune – who left Manchester City last summer – has been earmarked as a potential defensive recruit, with boss Rafa Benitez keen to strengthen his defence ahead of Newcastle's return to the Premier League.
Paris-born Lejeune – who had a spell at Villarreal earlier in his career – signed a four-year deal at Eibar last summer after leaving City and impressed last season, when his team finished 10th in La Liga.
Eibar sporting director Fran Garagarza told Marca: “I'm not very optimistic. I see it difficult for Lejeune to stay.
“We are worried that Newcastle are taking very strong steps.”
Newcastle could force through a deal in the coming days, with Benitez keen to see a number of new faces arrive before his squad reports back for the start of pre-season training on July 3.
Meanwhile, the Premier League fixtures were unveiled yesterday, with Championship champions Newcastle handed a home opener against star-studded Tottenham, scheduled for Saturday, August 12, although it could well be chosen for live TV coverage.
Spurs were the last side the Magpies played in their last top-flight campaign, winning 5-1 at St James's Park on the final day of 2015-16.
Benitez said: “It's a great start at home to Tottenham, and a really exciting first game at St James's Park for our fans to enjoy.
“We will all have extra motivation for that game.
“But it will be a very tough start too, because Spurs showed how good they are last season.
“Of course, they were our last Premier League opponents here too, which was a memorable match for everyone. But this time around it will be completely different.
“After Spurs, then we have a good run of games, and I'm pleased to see it's quite a balanced list in terms of the teams we're up against.”
The Magpies have announced a third pre-season friendly, against Hearts at Tynecastle on Friday, July 14 (7.45pm).
They have already set up trips to Preston (July 22) and Bradford City (July 26).
Hearts are managed by former Newcastle coach Ian Cathro, who left St James's Park last season to take charge at the Scottish Premiership club, while ex-Magpie defender Aaron Hughes is in their squad.
Only three stands at Tynecastle will be open because of ongoing redevelopment.
Newcastle have met Hearts 27 times going back to 1897, but the most recent meeting was back in August, 1995, when a Peter Beardsley goal secured a 1-0 win for the Tynesiders in front of a 13,337 crowd.
Other visits in recent memory include a 1-0 defeat, to a goal from Ian Baird, in 1992, a 1-0 victory in 1987 when Paul Gascoigne scored and a 1-1 draw in 1980, when Bobby Shinton's Magpie opener was cancelled out by a goal from Chris Robertson, brother of future Newcastle forward John Robertson.
The clubs also met over two legs in the Texaco Cup in September, 1971. An Andy Lynch strike gave Hearts victory in the first leg in Edinburgh, but Newcastle won the return 2-1 thanks to a double from Malcolm Macdonald, with defender Alan Anderson's goal late in extra time setting up a shoot-out decider.
Newcastle edged through 4-3.
With just a couple of weeks left for the country's biggest tax reform, the Goods and Services tax (GST), to become operational, there has been a mad rush among the retailers to clear off their old inventories before the new tax regime kicks in.
The latest to offer steep discounts ahead of GST launch are clothing and sportswear brand retailers, as they look to clear off their merchandise amid worries that a higher tax would be applicable on old goods sold from 1 July.
US-based sportswear brand Puma is giving 10 percent additional discount over and above the 40 percent discount it is already offering at its stores. Similarly, clothing brand Allen Solly is offering a buy-one-get-one free scheme in its pre-GST end-of-season sale for members, while Levis is giving customers two items free on purchase of two. Also, clothing brand Flying Machine is offering around 50 percent off and Pepe Jeans is running a buy-three-get-three offer, said a report in The Economic Times.
The decision to offer hectic discounts on branded goods comes after the GST Council at its meet earlier this month said man-made apparel with a price tag of over Rs 1,000 will be taxed at 12 percent as against the current levy of 7 percent.
“The difference in the tax will be a big hit for the brand, so we want to keep the channel clean with lower inventory dues. We are doing this to liquidate merchandise before the new designed regime (GST) kicks in on July 1,” the ET report quoted Kavindra Mishra, managing director of Pepe Jeans, as saying.
Another international sportswear brand Adidas said the implementation of GST beginning next month has forced the company to advance its end-of-season sale to 10 June-20 July period from the usual 1 July-15 August period.
Not just retail shops, e-commerce major Flipkart has come with a nine-day long sale as more than 50 brands are offering discounts on its marketplace, while brands like Biba and W are giving around 30-50 percent discounts on its clothing brands on Myntra.
Earlier this month, retailers were offering discounts on wide-ranging electronic goods and appliances. Retailers were offering discounts of up to 40 percent on various electronic goods and home appliances ahead of the GST rollout.
Consumer electronic companies like Samsung, Hitachi, Panasonic, Videocon, too, started giving consumer promotional offers to clear their inventories, as most of the retailers stopped taking fresh orders.
"Retailers want to liquidate their entire stock as they cannot bear the load of the remaining 40 per cent central GST which will not be credited to them on unsold inventory," the ETreport quoted Pulkit Baid, director at Great Eastern, one of the largest white goods retailers in the East, as saying.
Nilesh Gupta, managing director, Vijay Sales, however, said while the increase in tax credit limit is good, even that is not enough to cover losses for retailers. “So, the liquidation of the stock will continue," said BloombergQuint report.
However, distributors are not sure whether brands will be able to clear more than 40 percent of the stock due to the GST factor. Surprisingly, brands are offering steep discounts even after the GST Council raised excise credit to 60 percent from 40 percent on the transitional stock.
Several manufacturers say that traders are forcing them to offer steep discounts as they are concerned about the cash flow issues in its initial days of GST implementation.
Most of the dealers are not sure whether the new transition rules will allow them to claim over 40-60 percent tax credit on excise duty paid by manufacturers in their showrooms post 30 June, said a report in The Times of India.
New GST rules allow dealers to claim full credit on items like refrigerators, ACs, computers and mobiles that cost over 25,000, but most of these items cost less than Rs 25,000, the TOI report said.
“Companies are doing inventory correction before the [GST] rollout. We saw this in May and we are seeing it in June. We believe that in the final 10-15 days before the GST kick-off, we will see a complete lull as dealers will stop picking up stocks. But we expect to see a quick recovery in July and we anticipate a huge surge in demand," BusinessLinereport said quoting Ashok Goel, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, Essel Propack, a leading manufacturer of packaging material.
By Allison Lampert
| MONTREAL
MONTREAL The United Nations aviation agency said on Wednesday it was reviewing a request from Qatar to intervene after its Gulf neighbours closed their airspace to Qatar flights, part of the region's biggest diplomatic row and trade blockade in years.Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic and transport ties with Qatar a week ago, accusing it of fomenting regional unrest, supporting terrorism and getting too close to Iran, all of which Doha denies.The International Civil Aviation Organization, a U.N. agency that regulates international air travel under the Chicago Convention, said it would host talks of ministers and senior officials from Qatar, the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Egypt at its Montreal headquarters on Thursday to seek a "consensus-based solution" that addressed "current regional concerns." "ICAO is presently reviewing requests from the government of Qatar to assess the flight restrictions imposed upon it by neighbouring states," according to an ICAO statement.
Most of the officials attending the meeting are expected to be transport ministers, according to an ICAO representative.ICAO, which was created after the United States invited more than 50 allies to agree to a common air navigation system in 1944, has no policing powers and has to rely on consensus to enforce its will.ICAO's decision to intervene in the Gulf airspace dispute is a rare instance of the U.N. body directly attempting to settle a row between states.
"We are working bring these states together towards a solution which satisfies both their current regional concerns and the global needs and expectations of passengers and shippers," ICAO said.The United Arab Emirates and Qatar have long been major proponents of open-skies air transport agreements which remove restrictions on flying between states.
These policies helped the region's largest airlines, Emirates, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways, to develop their home airports as hubs linking passengers travelling between the east and west.The UAE's General Civil Aviation Authority said it was fully committed to the Chicago Convention but reserved the sovereign right under international law to take any precautionary measures to protect its national security if necessary, UAE state news agency WAM said. Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said the closure of its airspace to flights from Qatar was within the kingdom's sovereign right to protect its citizens from any threat. (Reporting by Allison Lampert; Writing by Amran Abocar; Editing by Denny Thomas, David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans have been submitted to open a fitness studio in North Lincolnshire.
The new fitness studio would be based in Bottesford and be exclusively for women.
Local businesswoman Sarah-Jane Lodge wants to start trading in the former Lincs Lifts warehouse on the South Park industrial estate.
The studio would be called SJS Fitness and would trade from 9.30am until 8pm Monday to Friday and from 10am until 4am on Saturday.
No employment details have yet been revealed.
Mrs lodge has told the planners no gym equipment will be required
Morris “Mo” W. Page Sr., 76, of Alton, died at 9:43 p.m. on Saturday, Nov. 25, 2017, at his home.
He was born Feb. 2, 1941, in Alton, the son of the late Henry and Mildred (Lamparter) Page. He was retired from Local 338 in Wood River. Mo was a U.S. Army veteran, was a well-known fast-pitch softball pitcher and was inducted into the Illinois ASA Hall of Fame in 1993 and the Metro St. Louis USA Softball Hall of Fame in 2010. He was an avid golfer, loved boating and was a member of the Alton Owls Club.
On Nov. 14, 1964, in Alton he married Kathy (Marth) and she survives. Also surviving are one son, Mo Page Jr. (Jayma) of Litchfield; one grandchild, Ally Tucker of Springfield, Ill., and one great-grandson, Z.J. Long of Springfield, Ill.; one brother, Steve Page of Alton; two sisters, Susie Duke (Dwight) of South Roxana and Marsha Palmer of Shiloh; and his beloved dog, Whiskers.
He was preceded in death by two brothers, Greg and Scotty Page; and two sisters, Debbie White and April Page.
At his request no service is scheduled. Memorials may be made to the 5A's Animal Shelter. Additional information and online guestbook may be found at gentfuneralhome.com.
Follow AdVantage News on Facebook and Twitter
Share:
Peshawar - A prominent Sikh leader and human rights activist Sardar Charanjit Singh was shot dead by unknown assailants in his shop in Peshawar on Tuesday.
A police official said unknown motorcyclists opened fire at Charanjit Singh, 52, killing him instantly. “An attacker shot Singh inside his shop and escaped afterwards,” superintendent police Saddar Shaukat Khan told newsmen. The Sikh leader died on the spot.
Leaders of the Sikh community, Radesh Singh Tooni and Sardar Jitendra Singh, called the murder an act of terror. Jitendra Singh said that Charanjit was not only a leader of the Sikh community, he was also very popular and respected among the Muslim community throughout Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. He was an active member of different groups engaged in creating and promoting religious harmony and used to discourage militancy and terrorism.
A large number of Sikhs assembled at Lady Reading Hospital and Jogewara Temple in Peshawar after learning of the murder.
Belonging to Tirah Valley of far-flung Khyber Agency, Charanjit moved to Peshawar along with close relatives around two decades ago. It was not clear whether the crime was a target killing or a result of personal enmity. The murder caused panic among the Sikh community as some of them have been targeted by different attacks around the city before.
FOUR DEAD IN CHARSADDA CLASH
Four people died and another injured when two groups fired at each other during a burial at a cemetery on Tuesday, TV channels reported.
According to police, a group was busy in a burial when an altercation occurred between the two groups, leading to firing. Three people died on the spot while another succumbed to his wounds while being transported to the hospital. Another injured in the incident is under treatment at the Lady Reading Hospital.
Articles by Category Select Category Dirt Late Model News (4,855) Comp Cams Super Dirt Car Series (73) Corn Belt Clash (26) Crate Late Model Series News (189) Fastrak (5) NeSmith Chevrolet Dirt Late Model Series News (75) PCRA Series News (54) General/Other Dirt Late Model News (208) IMCA Late Model Series News (77) Deery Brothers Series News (63) Lucas Oil Late Model Series News (1,021) MARS DIRTcar Series News (265) MLRA Series News (248) NDRL (133) Northern Allstar Late Model Series (NALMS) News (21) Other Series News (6) Ray Cook's Southern Nationals Series News (67) Southern Regional Racing Series (7) Sunoco American Late Model Series (ALMS) (90) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Late Model News (1,448) U.M.P. DIRTcar Summer Nationals (521) ULMA Series News (156) World of Outlaws Late Model Series News (886) Driver Profiles (54) 2016 Driver Profiles (54) Late Models (13) Modifieds – B-Modifieds (30) Sprints – Midgets – Micros (3) Stock Cars – Sportsman (9) Open Wheel Modified News (1,968) American Modified Series (88) AMRA Series News (3) Big Block Modifieds (25) IMCA Modified & Sport Mod News (135) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Modified News (1,014) USMTS News (530) USRA (78) Race Team & Sponsor News (204) Race Track News (7,873) Florida (275) Bubba Raceway Park (66) East Bay Raceway Park (91) Volusia Speedway Park (126) Illinois (3,734) Belle-Clair Speedway (208) Charleston Speedway (17) Coles County Speedway (1) Dirt Oval 66 (8) DuQuoin State Fairgrounds (121) Fairbury American Legion Speedway (151) Farmer City Raceway (193) Fayette County Speedway (188) Gateway Int'l Raceway (101) Gateway Motorsports Park (114) Highland Speedway (481) Jacksonville Speedway (136) Kankakee County Speedway (121) La Salle Speedway (103) Lincoln Speedway (193) Macon Speedway (450) Mt. Vernon Raceway (1) Peoria Speedway (127) Quad City Raceway (90) Quincy Raceway (229) Route 45 Raceway (28) Shepp's Speedway (47) Spoon River Speedway (79) Springfield Mile (89) Sycamore Speedway (3) Tri-City Speedway (722) Vermilion County Speedway (16) Wayne County Speedway (12) Indiana (371) Bloomington Speedway (16) Brownstown Speedway (78) Gas City I-69 Speedway (2) Kokomo Speedway (22) Lawrenceburg Speedway (6) Lincoln Park Speedway (5) Montpelier Motor Speedway (2) Shadyhill Speedway (1) Terre Haute Action Track (85) Tri-State Speedway (98) Kentucky (430) Bluegrass Speedway (6) Florence Speedway (86) Kentucky Lake Motor Speedway (81) Paducah Int'l Raceway (211) Ponderosa Speedway (23) Soggy Bottom Raceway (3) Western Kentucky Speedway (2) Windy Hollow Speedway (2) Missouri (2,834) Benton Racepark (12) Butler Motor Speedway (4) Callaway Raceway (114) Central Missouri Speedway (211) Doe Run Raceway (3) Double X Speedway (111) Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 (634) Fredericktown Raceway (1) I-35 Speedway (20) LA Raceway (67) Lake Ozark Speedway (104) Lebanon I-44 Speedway (201) Lebanon Midway Speedway (128) Legit Speedway Park (68) Lucas Oil Speedway (576) Malden Speedway (14) Missouri State Fair Speedway (36) Monett Speedway (39) Montgomery Motorsports Park (27) Nevada Speedway (2) Poplar Bluff Speedway (27) Randolph County Raceway (95) Scotland County Speedway (30) Springfield Raceway (267) St. Francois County Raceway (135) US 36 Raceway (15) Valley Speedway (104) Winston Speedway (3) Ohio (266) Eldora Speedway (210) K-C Raceway (4) Tennessee (209) Clarksville Speedway (172) Sprint Car & Midget News (2,658) All Star Sprint Series News (72) American Sprint Car Series (ASCS) News (374) COMP Cams Interstate Sprint Car Cup (1) General/Other Sprint-Midget News (98) Mid-America Lightning Sprints (8) MOWA Sprint Series (171) National Sprint League (46) POWRi Series News (508) USAC News (280) USCS (39) World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series News (673) Uncategorized (99)
Articles by Month
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp has put to bed claims Sadio Mane is jealous of Mohamed Salah, telling the press: "They are best friends".
The claim first emerged that the duo had fallen out after Mane failed to set Salah up to score with an easy tap-in during the Merseyside derby in Decemeber.
Arsenal legend Ian Wright discussed the issue on BBC Radio 5 Live at the time, where he suggested Mane may be jealous of his team-mate.
Wright said: "Do you think there is a bit of jealous there? With Mo Salah? He just looks a little bit perturbed by it," resulting in the issue being discussed in the press.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
But Klopp, while talking about Mane's recent dip in form on Friday, dispelled the rumors once and for all.
"I don't think too much about it [Mane's form], even if Sadio is not at his best he's still a threat for other teams," he said. "He had the two biggest chances in Huddersfield, he didn't score - no problem. When you win 3-0 it is no problem.
"You need to carry on, keep on going, for him it is exactly the same. I realise there are good moments, fantastic moments, average moments for players, but you can't change immediately.
(Image: AFP)
"Build on good things, work on not so good things. On an average day he is still a fantastic player. For sure, the new situation he is in with Mo Salah.
"They are best friends, he's not jealous, but everyone watches now there to see what he [Salah] is doing.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
"And adapting to all these situations, that's how a team grows together. That's what's happening at the moment.
"We have the points we have so far with Sadio in the shape he was in the season so far, we know he can play better, let's work on it."
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan's 17-year-old boy, Sumail Hassan has become the third highest earning gamer in the world.
The Dota2 champion amassed $2,401,560 in a recent tournament.
Moreover, Sumail, who started playing DotA at the age of seven, is now considered as one of the best players in the entire world.
In January 2015, Sumail was recruited into the world's best DotA2 team.
According to details, Sumail is the third highest paid gamer in the world, winning more than $2.4 million at the very young age of only 17.
He also holds the Guinness World Record for the youngest player to cross the $1 million mark in tournament winnings.
ANSecurity helps Nottinghamshire Healthcare complete successful PKI upgrade to strengthen security
May 2018 by Marc Jacob
With over 12,000 computing devices and 500 servers under its management, Nottinghamshire Healthcare has maintained an ongoing strategy to continually improve its security controls. Most of its systems are used internally and unconnected to the internet. However, increased use of BYOD and more interconnection has prompted the IT department to instigate a migration of its PKI infrastructure to the newer SHA-2 (Secure Hash Algorithm 2), a set of cryptographic hash functions that is widely used in security applications and protocols, including TLS and SSL, PGP, SSH, S/MIME, and IPsec.
“SHA-1 has been depreciated in terms of its security capability, however not all our applications or servers natively supported SHA-2 which meant we needed to consider the upgrade with the context of a wider application server upgrade,” explains Andy Spencer, System Team Leader for Nottinghamshire Healthcare, “It is a significant project that we felt could benefit from dedicated security expertise for which we turned to ANSecurity.”
ANSecurity helped the Trust to overcome the complexity of its legacy PKI, along with dependencies on existing services including mobile device onboarding and remote access control. As Jason Parry, Network Security Architect for ANSecurity explains, “We discussed at length with Andy and his team the merits of several deployment scenarios to determine the best course of action. Next, we agreed a process with various business groups who consume PKI and once ratified completed our standard scope of works documentation with pre-requisites to streamline the deployment.”
The actual project was driven by the Nottinghamshire Healthcare's IT department under guidance from ANSecurity to ensure high levels of knowledge transfer. The entire migration project including legacy operating systems migration and remediation of weaknesses within the SHA-1 signatures took just 3 days, leading to improved security posture without any disruption to its 24/7 operations.
“Any organisations with a legacy windows PKI environment need to perform something similar,” Parry explains, “This may not require a wholesale replacement and in many cases, it might be applicable to perform a simpler migration to new servers along with an upgrade that renews existing PKI infrastructure.”
ANSecurity have performed dozens of these projects over the last 24 months and has a significant number planned for the next year. “The NHS with its large number of legacy systems is a sector that is rapidly moving to SHA-2,” says Parry. “Busy IT staff that may have overlooked these types of projects due to the complexity of legacy applications servers should not be overly concerned as the process for migration is relatively straightforward and uses a well understood process.”
WOOD RIVER – December was not a month to remember for the Metro East Lutheran Knights.
The Edwardsville school lost all 10 games that month and entered the New Year with a 4-11 mark.
Still, the Knights didn't panic.
“We had a bad losing streak, but I never doubted our team,” MELHS senior JJ Schwarz said. “I knew we would come back stronger in the second part of the season.”
Now, as its regular season comes down to its final week, MELHS will get to celebrate at least a .500 season.
The Knights improved to 15-13 overall and 2-2 in Prairie State Conference play with one regular season game remaining after beating the East Alton-Wood River Oilers 66-43 on the road. MELHS has won four in a row and 11 of its last 13 games.
“We played really good basketball in the second half of the season,” MELHS coach Anthony Smith said. “We really worked hard and the kids have bought in what we're saying. We still got some kinks to work out.”
The Knights end their regular season at 7:30 p.m. Friday at Mount Olive. A win over the Wildcats will clinch a winning season.
MELHS will return to Mount Olive next week, when it plays in the Class 1A regional tournament. The Knights drew the No. 2 seed and will play either Mount Olive or Father McGivney in the semifinals on Feb. 21.
“We're getting ready for postseason,” Smith said. “We won 10 of our last 12, so the second half of the season has been pretty good for us. So we're excited about going into the postseason. We have a chance to win regionals again.”
EA-WR dropped to 7-19 overall and 1-3 in conference play with two regular season games left. The Oilers play at Dupo on Wednesday and at Greenville on Friday to end their regular season. They played their last home game of the season on Tuesday.
“As of late, we've been playing pretty well,” EA-WR coach Kyle Duncan said. “We had a big win against Bunker Hill. We're starting to play well at the right time. We'll put everything together once we get all of these disciplinary issues solved. In the next two games, we'll have my five leading scorers out.”
On Tuesday, MELHS took advantage of 26 EA-WR turnovers. The Oilers turned the ball over 18 times in the first half.
“They're a good ball club,” Duncan said. “We just lost so much size to them. Every guy who plays is over six foot. We have just two guys who are over six foot, so it makes it tough. We had a good game plan going into it. Our first quarter looked great, but we just kind of fell apart and we started doing our own thing and things didn't go our way.”
EA-WR senior Jamie Roustio finished with 18 points, including a 3-pointer from half-court as time expired in the first quarter that tied the game at 9-9.
“It's probably the second game in a row he hit a buzzer beater to end the quarter,” Duncan said. “I thought it would give us some motivation, but we fell apart.”
The Knights outscored the Oilers 22-3 in the second quarter to take a 31-12 halftime lead. They led 45-25 after the third quarter.
“I didn't think we got off to a good start like we wanted to,” Schwarz said. “We didn't have good energy, but coming with the win was the important stat.”
MELHS had four players in double figures, including sophomore Damonte Bean. He replaced senior A.J. Risavy after he injured his right ankle with just 45 seconds into the first quarter and finished with 10 points.
“He's a good player,” Smith said. “He's young and he's a sophomore and plays hard. He's still blue collar and he's going to play a lot of minutes for us down the stretch.”
Jake and Jamie Roustio, Joel Biesk and Christian Hunter make up the Oilers' senior class and were honored before the game. Jake Roustio didn't play on Tuesday.
METRO EAST LUTHERAN 66, EA-WR 43
Knights 9 22 14 21 – 66
Oilers 9 3 13 18 – 43
Metro East Lutheran (15-13) – Jonah Wilson 2, JJ Schwarz 12, Kyle Johnson 2, Larry Harris 2, Zach Crank 7, Braden Woolsey 14, Noah Coddington 16, Ryan Johnson 2, Damonte Bean 10. 2FG-26 3FG-2 FT-8.
EA-WR (7-19) – Jamie Roustio 23, Zaide Wilson 4, Justin Englar 2, Zach Wells 8, Christian Hunter 2, Zach Womack 2, Joel Biesk 7. 2FG-14 3FG-2 FT-9.
Xiaomi has once again topped the Indian smartphone market, with two global market research firms on Tuesday reporting an over 31 percent market share for the Chinese smartphone maker — a whopping 155 percent annual shipment growth — in the first quarter of 2018.
According to Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research, Xiaomi led the Indian smartphone market with 31.1 percent market share while Singapore-based Canalys said the company shipped over nine million units, giving it a market share of just over 31 percent — the highest ever for a vendor since Q1 2014 when Samsung had a 33 percent share.
Samsung, with a 26.2 percent share, was second, followed by Vivo at 5.8 percent share in the smartphone segment, said Counterpoint.
Canalys, however, said Samsung with 25 percent market share shipped just under 7.5 million smartphones — growing by 24 percent on last year. Oppo took third place with 2.8 million shipments and Vivo fourth with 2.1 million shipments.
"Xiaomi is becoming a force to be reckoned with in India. Xiaomi's smartphones are now available in more places and in larger quantities. All in all, Xiaomi's product and channel strategies are working," said Canalys Research Analyst Ishan Dutt.
Xiaomi was the leader with 25 percent market share in Q4 of 2017.
Xiaomi's recently launched Redmi 5, Redmi 5A and Redmi Note 5 have seen runaway success, with the Redmi 5A reaching record sales of 3.5 million in the first quarter.
In comparison, Samsung's best-selling device, the J7 Nxt, shipped 1.5 million units, said Canalys.
This is the first time that the top five smartphone brands accounted for more than 70 percent market share in a single quarter.
"Xiaomi and Samsung alone captured 58 percent of the total smartphone market. Xiaomi's Redmi Note 5 and 5 Pro were the most popular models for the Chinese brand, whereas Samsung Galaxy J7 NXT and J2 (2017) drove volumes for the Korean vendor," said Anshika Jain, Research Analyst at Counterpoint.
Honor (Huawei) entered top five smartphone brands for the first time. Honor (146 percent), Xiaomi (134 percent) and OnePlus (112 percent) were the fastest growing smartphone brands.
"India remains a huge investment for any smartphone brand. For smaller vendors, such as Gionee and Lenovo, the pressure on profitability has forced them to relook at their Indian strategies," said Canalys Research Manager Rushabh Doshi.
Lenovo's smartphone shipments were just short of a million units, falling by more than 60 percent year on year while Gionee shipped an all-time low of 150,000 units with shipments down 90 percent year on year.
"Q1 2018 started off with some brands sitting on inventory post the festive season in Q4 2017, which continued throughout the quarter as industry moves to a Full View display portfolio," noted Karn Chauhan, Research Analyst at Counterpoint.
Overall, the smartphone market in India grew at 8 percent to 29.5 million units for the quarter.
The performance of Chinese brands remained strong, accounting for 57 percent of the total smartphone market in Q1 2018, up from 53 percent during Q1 2017.
In the feature phone segment, Reliance Jio topped with a massive 35.8 percent share in the first quarter.
"The demand for JioPhone continued through Q1 2018 as Reliance Jio's feature phone market share raced from 0 percent last year to 36 percent in Q1 2018. This demand was catalysed by the introduction of a cheaper data plan," said Tarun Pathak, Associate Director at Counterpoint.
China based Transsion Group (the holding group of Tecno, Itel and Infinix) has become the fifth largest player with four percent market share in Q1 2018 (combined for all three brands).
The hammers are out swinging in the first ever Women Build housing project in Brandon.
The Habitat for Humanity building blitz kicked off Monday and runs all week at 255 Frederick Street.
“It is about a group of women coming together,” Sue Swarbrick, the chair of Brandon Women Build, said. “It is so important for us to help people in the community.”
More than 50 women are volunteering to help create an affordable home for a family. Swarbrick has been overwhelmed with the response.
“For us it was no problem filling the build spots,” she said. “Sponsors, lunches, snacks, no problem to secure.”
Women Build is a program that helps train women in leadership roles on construction sites. The Habitat for Humanity Brandon chapter decided this spring to have a Woman Build project and were impressed at the quick turnaround.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump on Saturday claimed complete vindication from a congressional memo that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance powers during the investigation into his campaign's possible Russia ties. But the memo also includes revelations that might complicate efforts by Trump and his allies to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller's inquiry.
The four-page document released Friday contends that the FBI, when it applied for a surveillance warrant on a onetime Trump campaign associate, relied excessively on an ex-British spy whose opposition research was funded by Democrats. At the same time, the memo confirms that the investigation into potential Trump links to Russia actually began several months earlier, and was “triggered” by information involving a different campaign aide.
Christopher Steele, the former spy who compiled the allegations, acknowledged having strong anti-Trump sentiments. But he also was a “longtime FBI source” with a credible track record, according to the memo from the House Intelligence Committee chairman, Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., and his staff.
The warrant authorizing the FBI to monitor the communications of former campaign adviser Carter Page was not a one-time request, but was approved by a judge on four occasions, the memo says, and even signed off on by the second-ranking official at the Justice Department, Rod Rosenstein, whom Trump appointed as deputy attorney general.
Trump, however, tweeted from Florida, where he was spending the weekend, that the memo puts him in the clear.
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” he said. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their (sic) was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
The underlying materials that served as the basis for the warrant application were not made public in the memo. As a result, the document only further intensified a partisan battle over how to interpret the actions of the FBI and Justice Department during the early stages of the counterintelligence investigation that Mueller later inherited.
Some Republicans are citing the memo, released over the objections of the FBI and Justice Department, in their arguments that the Mueller investigation is politically tainted.
A closer read presents a far more nuanced picture.
“Having decided to cherry-pick, the Nunes team picked a bunch of the wrong cherries for its own narrative,” Matthew Waxman, a Columbia University professor and former Bush administration official, wrote in an email.
The memo's central allegation is that agents and prosecutors, in applying in October 2016 to monitor Page's communications, failed to tell a judge that the opposition research that provided grounds for the FBI's suspicion had been partially funded by Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign and the Democratic National Committee.
Page had stopped advising the campaign sometime around the end of that summer.
Republicans say a judge should have known that “political actors” were involved in allegations that led the Justice Department to believe Page might be an agent of a foreign power — an accusation he has consistently and strenuously denied.
Steele's research, according to the memo, “formed an essential part” of the warrant application. But it's unclear how much or what information Steele collected made it into the application, or how much has been corroborated. Steele was working for Fusion GPS, a firm initially hired by the conservative Washington Free Beacon to do opposition research on Trump. Steele didn't begin work on the project until after Democratic groups took over the funding.
The FBI this week expressed “grave concerns” about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats said it was a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and that releasing the memo would damage law enforcement and intelligence work.
For one, Democrats said Friday that it was misleading and incorrect to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016, months before the surveillance warrant was sought, and was “triggered” by information concerning campaign aide George Papadopoulos. He pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is cooperating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in Trump's inner circle, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
The memo focuses on Page, but Democrats on the House committee said “this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture.”
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested was renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. One of the Justice Department officials who signed off on it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked if he was more likely to fire Rosenstein and if he still had confidence in the official. The president simply said, “You figure that one out.”
The memo had been classified because it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. The White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
That disclosure is extraordinary because it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. The release is likely to further escalate the conflict between the White House and Trump's law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation. His probe focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Afrin: Syria's Kurds on Friday accused Turkey-backed rebels fighting them of mutilating then filming the body of one of their female fighters, after a video emerged of her corpse.
Turkey and allied Syrian rebels have since 20 January pressed an offensive against the Kurdish enclave of Afrin in northern Syria, whose Kurdish fighters Ankara views as "terrorists".
A Kurdish official identified the young woman as Barin Kobani, who took part in a US-backed campaign to drive the Islamic State jihadist group from the northern town of Kobane. The Kurds in a statement blamed the "terrorist allies of the enemy Turkish state" for mutilating the body of Kobani, who was a member of the all-female Kurdish Women's Protection Units.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain- based monitor, said it received the video from a Syrian rebel fighting with Turkish forces in the Afrin offensive. The rebel told the Observatory the footage was filmed on Tuesday after rebels found the young woman's corpse in the village of Qurna near the Turkish border in the north of the enclave.
In the footage, a dozen men, some armed, gather around the badly mutilated body of a woman lying on the ground. The Kurdish community reacted with outrage and social media users shared online a portrait of Kobani smiling next to another shot of her brutalised body.
"Barin did not surrender, she fought to the death," said Amad Kandal, an official with the Women's Protection Units, vowing to avenge her comrade's brutal murder. "This kind of behaviour will only serve to reinforce our determination to resist until victory," said Kandal.
YPG male and female fighters have taken part in the battle by the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) to expel Islamic State from large parts of Syria. SDF spokesman Mustefa Bali said the video of the fighter's body was reason to continue fighting back against Turkey and its allies.
"Imagine the savagery of these invaders with the bodies of our daughters. How would they behave if they took control of our neighbourhoods?" he wrote on Facebook. "All this hatred and barbarity leaves us with a single option to continue the resistance," he said.
Afrin resident Hussein Cheikho, 65, said he was "deeply pained" when he saw pictures of Kobani's mutilated body but said her death will not be in vain. "The death of a young man or a young woman will not weaken us. Out strength will be bolstered every day," he said.
In a statement, the Syrian National Council, the main opposition body in exile, condemned the "criminal acts" and called for "the opening of an immediate investigation" to punish those responsible.
By Patricia Zengerle
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. senators are pressing many of the world's largest financial institutions to disclose any links between their companies and wealthy Russians allied with Russian President Vladimir Putin, according to a letter released on Tuesday.
Two Democratic senators, Jeanne Shaheen and Sheldon Whitehouse, have written to the banks, hoping to increase pressure not just on individuals on the U.S. Treasury's so-called "oligarchs list," but also on financial institutions to closely consider those with whom they do business as Washington moves to impose sanctions on Moscow.
The Trump administration announced sanctions on Russia on April 6, largely responding to what U.S. intelligence agencies have said was Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election, although Treasury painted them as a response to a series of adversarial actions by Moscow.
Russia denies meddling in the election.
The letter was sent to three large U.S. banks - Bank of America Corp , JPMorgan Chase and Citibank [C.UL] - as well as Europe-based Barclays , Deutsche Bank , UBS , HSBC and Credit Suisse .
As part of sweeping sanctions legislation President Donald Trump signed into law in August, the U.S. Congress required Treasury to create a list of wealthy Russians - the "oligarchs" - with ties to the government who might later be targeted with sanctions such as asset freezes or denial of visas.
"Given their wealth and relationship to the Russian state, many oligarchs in Russia either wield or are susceptible to considerable political influence," the two senators said in the letter, seen by Reuters, which also said oligarchs have used their wealth to shield the state from sanctions.
The letter asked each bank whether it had, within five years, conducted a review to determine if it had any accounts controlled by anyone on the list released on Jan. 29 of oligarchs or senior Russian political figures.
If so, it asked for information about the review and any findings. If a bank had not conducted a review, the letter asked what was done to identify activity between the institution and listed Russians.
A JPMorgan Chase spokesman said the company had received the letter and was reviewing it. A Barclays spokesman declined comment. Staff at the other institutions did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
If the banks do not provide the information, the senators plan to seek potentially more intrusive action, such as a government investigation.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; editing by Grant McCool)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The new version of photo editing app Pixelmator just hit the App Store, and is now fully compatible with macOS High Sierra.
Yesterday popular photo editor Pixelmator released 3.7 'Mount Whitney,' the newest version of its macOS app. With this update, users can now edit their snapshots with Pixelmator without leaving the Photos app by right-clicking the photo and selecting "Edit With" and then "Pixelmator."
This isn't the only update, either: Pixelmator is also now able to support the HEIF (High Efficiency Image File) photo format, which is the default image format for photos taken with the iPhone 7, iPhone 8 and iPhone X. The company also fixed bugs that had been plaguing users, such as disappearing rulers and unexpected shutdowns while open on newer Macs. Other new features include improved support for Photoshop (PSD) files, a more accurate and efficient repair tool, and the ability to drag and drop images from Safari directly into Pixelmator (a feature that the app used to have but that had been removed from previous updates).
Pixelmator is also currently working on Pixelmator Pro, Pixelmator's Photoshop alternative that the company calls "the world's most innovative image editing app." That's expected to be coming a little later this fall. As for Pixelmator 3.7 Mount Whitney, you can purchase it now or update the version of Pixelmator you already own through the App Store.
Pixelmator - $29.99 - Download now
Thoughts? Questions?
Are you excited about Pixelmator 3.7's macOS High Sierra integration? If you use Pixelmator, how do you feel about the improvements? If you've never used the program before, do you find its support for HEIF images and Photos app integration to be features that may convince you to download it? Let us know in the comments!
Having left the Honor Note 9 out of the smartphone launch roster last year, Huawei's online-only brand Honor's President Zhao Ming has just confirmed that the Honor Note 10 is soon on its way.
Many fans of the brand might have wondered that Honor's Note series has been laid to rest after seeing no launches in the last year. However, the post by the company's President on Weibo not only confirms the Note 10, but also mentions that since it has been close to two years that fans have been waiting for a Note device, it would be worth the wait.
The post, however, does not reveal anything about the device itself but as per a report by GSMArena, rumour has it that it will feature a massive 6.9-inch Super AMOLED display made by Samsung. Taking its previous Note series smartphone, the Honor Note 8, into consideration, the Note 10 is likely to get the more powerful HiSilicon Kirin 980 chipset.
There's no word on a possible release date just yet, but do expect the Honor Note 10 to arrive sometime towards the end of the year since the brand's current flagships, still continue to ship with the Kirin 970 chipset.
Honor also just announced the Honor 10 GT which comes with 8 GB of RAM and features its GPU Turbo technology which is supposed to improve GPU speeds by a lot. Apart from the extra RAM, the Honor 10 GT is identical to the regular Honor 10 launched in April.
The Los Angeles Chargers played their first home game in LA for the first time since 1960 on Sunday evening. They welcomed in the Seattle Seahawks to the StubHub Center, in front of 27,000-plus fans.
However, the Seahawks were out to disrupt the welcome party, as they dismantled the Chargers with ease, winning 48-17.
Chargers score first at StubHub
It did not look like to was going to be a total blowout. While Philip Rivers played just one drive in the Los Angeles Chargers' opening drive, he executed the 75-yard drive to perfection.
Philip Rivers threw for a touchdown in only drive. | Photo: USA Today Sports
That opening drive incorporated a good mix of running and passing plays. Rivers, who had to start at the 25-yard line, completed five out of six pass attempts for 50 yards and was sacked one time. The 13th play in that drive ended in a familiar sight: a five yard throw from Rivers to veteran Antonio Gates.
Those 13 plays, however, were one of few bright spots throughout these 60 minutes.
From most of that point on, it was all Seattle. In Kellen Clemens' second drive under center, the former Oregon Duck had a pass deflected to Terence Garvin, an offensive lineman. Garvin then ran the ball back 37-yards to give the Seahawks the lead.
The other bright spot occurred 17 seconds after the Seahawks gained the advantage on the road. Clemens redeemed himself and heaved a 74 yard touchdown pass to make it 14-10 LA after the extra point.
Seattle dominates for rest of game
Pete Carroll will have to be happy with the way his team responded going down both times. Because after they trailed for a second time, the Seahawks never trailed again. In fact, Seattle scored on their next five offensive possessions.
In those subsequent drives, Trevone Boykin was impressive, especially for a second-year quarterback out of Texas Christian.
The soon-to-be 24-year-old Boykin looked like the probable number two quarterback against the Chargers tonight. He was impressive on deep throws, as well as intermediate passes and threw for one touchdown. Boykin's only blunder was his interception late in the third quarter.
Finally, it was Austin Davis' turn to show the Seahawks' coaching staff what he has. Even though Davis only got to throw the ball nine times in the latter stages of the game, he did complete seven of those attempts. He even ran for 18 yards on three tries, which is an integral part of the Seahawks offense.
The only scoring drive occurred during the middle of the fourth quarter where Alex Collins scampered into the end zone from one yard out.
What's next
The Chargers will play their second of two preseason home games next Sunday night. Drew Brees and the New Orleans Saints come to the StubHub Center, with kickoff scheduled for 8:00 PM EST.
Seattle, meanwhile, will look to keep their confidence high as they welcome in the Minnesota Vikings Friday night at the CenturyLink Field. The kickoff for this preseason game is scheduled for 10:00 PM EST.
Mon, Apr 17: The number of transgender candidates in the B.C. election race has increased from none in 2013 to four this year after an NDP transgender woman made political history last November. Tanya Beja has more on the campaign of inclusiveness.
Men's Tennis: Tribe drops contest 4-3 for third match
Wednesday, the William and Mary men welcomed Virginia Commonwealth (11-11) to the Millie West Tennis Facility. The Tribe (9-11) fell just shy of victory, losing 4-3 to the Rams.
The College had a rough start, losing the doubles point to the Rams. Senior Addison Appleby and sophomore Tristan Bautil fell 6-2 at the No. 1 spot and junior Christian Cargill and senior Damon Niquet were crushed 6-1 at the No. 2 spot. Junior Lars de Boer and senior Aidan Talcott's match at the No. 3 spot went unfinished.
“When you lose [a double match], the momentum is really switched into the opponent's side,” Cargill said. “It's tough to get it going, but it's just one of those things you have to do and look at it as only one point out of four.”
Talcott earned the first point for the Tribe, defeating Rams opponent Daryl Monfils 7-6 (5), 6-0; however, his win at the No. 1 spot was not enough for the College. The Tribe suffered losses at the No. 5, 3 and 6 spots, calling the match in favor of VCU. Despite the team loss, Cargill and junior Alec Miller posted singles victories for the College. Cargill defeated Rams foe Marten Jonsson in a long-winded third set 2-6, 7-6 (4), 10-7 at the No. 2 spot.
“I think everyone has improved a lot on the quality of the tennis,” de Boer said. “I think we can definitely pull that [confidence] through to CAAs, and I think we should have a really good chance. I think we can make it a good tournament.”
Miller's victory over Vitor Lima 7-6 (8), 7-6 (5) at the No. 4 spot closed play for the day. This marked Miller's third win in the past four matches, improving his season record to 11-10.
I think everyone has improved a lot on the quality of the tennis.”
Sunday, the Tribe played its final match before the Colonial Athletic Association Championship. For its Senior Day, the Tribe hosted Old Dominion, dropping a close contest 4-3 for its third loss in a row. This was the seventh time in 10 years that the Tribe-Monarch matchup was decided by this scoreline.
“I thought it was definitely better than the last match,” head coach Jeff Kader said. “Our last few matches here definitely prepared us for conference.”
All three of the doubles matches were decided 6-4. Despite Cargill and senior Ryan Newman's victory at the No. 1 spot, ODU stole the doubles point with wins at the No. 3 and No. 2 spots.
The Tribe did not gain the momentum it needed to overpower the Monarchs. The College fell at the No. 1, 3 and 4 spots, handing the win to ODU 4-0.
Niquet's 7-5, 6-1 triumph at the No. 5 spot marked the beginning of the Tribe's upward trend. Cargill and de Boer both stole intense third sets. Cargill defeated Monarchs foe Michael Weindl 3-6, 6-4, 6-3 at the No. 2 spot. At the No. 6 spot, de Boer followed Cargill's lead, triumphing over ODU's Aziz Kijametovic 6-2, 3-6, 6-3. The contest ended 4-3 in favor of the Monarchs.
Our last few matches here definitely prepared us for conference.”
The Tribe will head to the Jimmy Powell Tennis Center in Elon, N.C., April 21-23 for the 2017 CAA Championship. The men won their last conference contest in 2015.
“If we can all show up, compete, have the good team spirit, that good team energy, for three straight days down there then I think we'll be in good shape,” Kader said. “Whatever the results are from there, I'm fine with, but if we can bring that, that's what I'm looking for.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un has not been seen in public for weeks - increasing fears he is preparing for nuclear conflict.
The dictator was last seen on July 31 but has yet to surface since the secretive nation became embroiled in a war of words with the United States.
His absence has sparked speculation in neighbouring South Korea that Jong-Un is preparing another act of provocation, perhaps on Tuesday which is a public holiday.
There have even been suggestions Jong-Un is holed up in a nuclear bunker ahead of a possible conflict with the US.
In response to the reports, North Korea's state media said on Monday that Kim Jong-Un had visited the command of the Strategic Force.
(Image: YNA / KCNA)
He was shown plans for firing four ballistics missiles at US targets on the Pacific island of Guam and examined them "for a long time", according to the Korean Central News Agency (KCNA).
North Korea said last week that it will finalise by mid-August its detailed plan to fire four intermediate-range ballistic missiles around Guam and report it to its leader for approval.
It follows weeks of heightened tensions after the UN approved harsh new sanctions on the North Korean regime as punishment for pursuing a nuclear programme.
President Donald Trump then further antagonised the situation by promising North Korea would face "fire and fury" if it fails to back down.
As the two countries have engaged in a game of tit-for-tat threats, Jong-Un himself has not yet made remarks in public.
However some experts have said this is not uncommon, as the leader is believed to have an unknown health condition.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It comes as North Korea warned the US a devastating war could be sparked by just an "accidental" event.
The warning was issued as the US and South Korea are preparing to stage annual joint military drills later this month.
The Korean Central News Agency said: "Even if no one wants, if a small accidental event flares up, anybody cannot prevent a war."
Pyongyang earlier threatened to carry out four intermediate-range ballistic missile strikes near the US territory of Guam.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Reuters)
South Korea and the US plan to conduct the two-week exercise amid heightened tensions between Pyongyang and Washington, Yonhap news agency reports.
North Korea has claimed that the drill is a rehearsal for northern invasion, despite reassurances by Seoul and Washington that it is defensive in nature.
"Despite our warning, if the U.S. continues to wield a nuclear bat in front of a nuclear power, it will only accelerate its own self-destruction," the KCNA said.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
US Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford said the military options being prepared against North Korea would be for when diplomatic and economic sanctions failed.
Dunford made the comments to South Korean President Moon Jae-in in a 50-minute meeting to discuss recent issues including North Korean provocation, office spokesman Park Su-hyun told a media briefing.
He was in Seoul speaking to South Korean military officials, including Defence Minister Song Young-moo.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: AFP)
He was due to leave South Korea later on Monday and will make stops in China and Japan this week.
Tension has increased in recent months over concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon.
North Korea and the United States exchanged threats of military action last week, with Pyongyang saying it will develop a plan to strike the US Pacific territory of Guam.
KAMLOOPS — A fourth crack at the NFL ended the same way as the first three for Swayze Waters — by getting cut.
Despite that disappointment last summer, the veteran kicker and punter left the Carolina Panthers with even more appreciation for his craft after getting to work alongside legendary special teams guru Bruce DeHaven.
“He's one of the best special teams coaches ever,” said Waters. “I learned a lot from him.”
DeHaven, who coached special teams in the NFL for 29 years, died in December at age 68 following a battle with prostate cancer, but not before leaving a mark on Waters.
“He really spent a lot of time with me talking about being a professional and the ins and outs of the game,” said Waters. “That helped me a lot. Being in that environment, that locker-room, the pressure, everything that comes along with it … it was good.”
The B.C. Lions are hoping to benefit from some of those lessons after signing the CFL's top special teams player from 2014 this off-season to handle all three elements of a kicking game that was anything but settled the last two years.
Richie Leone was lights out as the team's punter with a league-best average of nearly 50 yards per boot in both 2015 and 2016, numbers that earned him a contract south of the border with the Arizona Cardinals.
But while he hit a club-record 56-yard field goal two years ago, Leone struggled mightily at times learning on the job, going 30-of-39 in his rookie season before regressing in 2016 to 35-of-51 for a success rate of just 68.6 per cent.
And he wasn't much better on 32-yard converts, missing a combined 16 of his 68 attempts.
Leone's problems were so troubling that B.C. brought Paul McCallum, who was 46 at the time, out of retirement last fall to handle place-kicking duties in the Lions' regular-season finale and two playoff games.
Waters, who has been bothered by a quad injury most training camp, will be tasked with doing all three jobs with the Lions when healthy, which would both free up a roster spot and hopefully avoid the headaches of last season.
“That's just something that I've always been asked to do,” Waters said after a recent training camp practice. “It's part of why I'm up here. Fortunately I've had some success in the past and that kind of propels me into this year and having some confidence going into it.
“It's about doing your job. That's what I take pride in.”
Waters played with the Toronto Argonauts from 2012 to 2015 after originally catching on with the Edmonton Eskimos. He won the Grey Cup with Toronto in his first CFL season, and averaged 47.7 yards per punt while connecting on 47 of 52 field goals during that banner 2014 campaign.
The native of Jackson, Miss., who had NFL stops with Detroit, Pittsburgh and Oakland from 2009 to 2011, then missed a big chunk of the 2015 season with a hip injury before signing with the Panthers.
“Swayze's a veteran. He has experience,” said Lions head coach and general manager Wally Buono. “Everything has to be so precise in today's game. Punts have to be off in two seconds. Extra points, field goals are off in 1.3 (seconds).
“When there's inconsistency in the mechanics it makes it difficult.”
The Lions also have a rookie kicker at camp in Ty Ross, who like Waters is a University of Alabama-Birmingham product and looks likely to get into a second pre-season game Friday against the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Waters said he had CFL offers last season when he was let go by the Panthers after a particularly poor August exhibition outing, but none made sense from a family perspective with his wife, Kendal, expecting their first child.
“I wanted to be at home during that special time,” said Waters, who became a father when Taitum was born in December. “I'd also just been punting while I was in Carolina.”
The 30-year-old has more than a passing knowledge of the West Coast — he won his 2014 special teams award in Vancouver during Grey Cup week and was in the area for a church conference in March, something he committed to before even signing with the Lions in February.
“It was a great time,” said Waters. “It was really neat coming on that trip and knowing it would be where I'd be playing.”
Playing and, if all goes according to plan, calming what has been a turbulent kicking game the last few years.
A woman who police say was reaching for a makeup bag while she was driving in Costa Mesa ended up in a hospital Monday morning after her car struck a parked vehicle and rolled over, authorities said.
Costa Mesa police responded to reports of a crash at about 9:30 a.m. on Vanguard Way, said police Lt. Vic Bakkila.
Bakkila said the woman was reaching for a makeup bag when her vehicle veered to the right, struck a parked car and rolled onto its side.
The woman, who police said is in her late 30s, was taken to Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach after complaining of pain.
Police are continuing to investigate the crash.
hannah.fry@latimes.com
Twitter: @HannahFryTCN
Ahead of Thanksgiving weekend, Edmonton Manning MP Ziad Aboultaif offered his “thanks” to the first responders who stopped a man accused in the “terror incident” in Edmonton last month.
LGBT Pride in metropolitan India has its own look, its own leitmotif. The rainbow face paint. The trans woman in her gorgeous red-and-gold sari navigating the uneven road in high heels. The hand-drawn Ardhanarishwar posters and the little handmade rainbow brooches. The men pairing colorful pleated dhotis with elaborate nose rings and eyeliner. Face masks. Drums. Bollywood music. Azaadi slogans. The scrum of photographers with high-powered cameras.
But this year, Kolkata, home to the oldest Pride parade in India, added a different flavour to the usual Pride celebrations—a Transgender Day of Rage.
Transwomen, transmen and allies stood behind a banner showing a red clenched fist with the demand “Stop the Transgender Bill 2016”. They chanted “Aamar deho, aamaar mon, doorey thako rajshashon (My body, my mind, stay away, government.)”
Not since the fight to overturn Section 377 has there been such a national galvanisation of the LGBT community as the opposition to a Transgender Rights bill the government wants to introduce in the winter session of Parliament.
It was not meant to be this way. In a country where homosexual sex between consenting adults still remains criminalised by an antiquated law, transgender rights were one sliver of hope. The 2014 NALSA verdict was a landmark ruling where the Supreme Court unequivocally affirmed that the fundamental rights granted by the Constitution applied to transgender people. It gave them the right to self-identification–man, woman or “third gender”.
In response, the government has come up with its Transgender Persons (Protection of Rights ) bill, but the proposed legislation has sent shockwaves through the community.
“NALSA liberated many of us as trans persons because it recognized for the first time that we can be who we are without having to prove ourselves to any authority,” says Anindya Hajra, founder member of the Pratyay Gender Trust. “The proposed bill completely violates that spirit.”
This new bill wrests that right of self-determination away and hands it to district screening committees which will determine who is an “authentic” transgender and who is not. That's sounding alarm bells within the community. Neel, a trans-man, remembers the humiliation of athlete Pinki Pramanik, stripped and poked and prodded as the government tried to determine Pramanik's gender. “ To stand before a roomful of people to prove whether you are boy or girl or animal! This is inhuman,” says Neel. “It happened to Pinki and now they want it to happen in every district! And you call a bill that does this ‘Protection of Transgender Rights'?”
Aparna Banerjee, member of the West Bengal Transgender Development Board and the Amitie Trust, is even more blunt. “Will we have to strip in front of this screening committee? Then I'd rather strip in public.”
The problem says Banerjee, is that those who drafted the bill seemed to have no understanding of what transgender means. “I cannot find myself in this bill,” she says. It defines transgender among other things as “neither wholly female nor wholly male or a combination of female or male” and conflates intersexed with transgender. ““A transgender person is more than anatomy,” retorts Banerjee.
If the Supreme Court's NALSA verdict came as a moment of enormous affirmation for the community, this bill from the government has had the opposite effect - opening up angry wounds. “There is already the notion of the real hijra and the fake hijra,” explains Hajra. “It is also kept alive by gatekeepers within the community.” Who has undergone gender reassignment surgery and who has not is a topic of much conjecture and a weapon to undermine rivals within the community. This bill could further medicalise the discourse. “The whole notion of fakeness vs authenticity is deeply internalized by our community,” admits Hajra. “When someone calls someone inauthentic, we forget that for many of us, it's been, to use a cliché, a journey.” Hajra worries this will create so much state scrutiny it will further discrimination when asserting one's own gender identity is already difficult.
The government, in its wisdom, has chosen to reinforce that schism. If anyone who drafted that bill had bothered to come to the Rainbow Pride Walk they would have seen the diversity of the community where the trans-man with facial hair, the manicured trans-woman in sleeveless magenta blouse and an exquisite kantha sari stealing a smoke, and the hijra with sindoor in her hair all come under the umbrella of “transgender.” Instead the bill seems to have only understood transgender to mean hijra. “We are not necessarily opposing the government, but this is supposed to be a transgender bill, not a hijra bill,” says Ranjita Sinha, executive director of Association of Transgender/Hijra in Bengal. “Transgender is an umbrella term. There are so many gender identities. A bill like this has to consider all of that.” But it only pays lip service. “I see the words intersexed, transman, transwoman used in the bill,” says Neel. “But I have grave doubts whether those who have written this bill understand what they mean.” “I fear a certain hijra-fication of the discourse,” says Hajra. “I am not saying that's not important but that's not the only way gender non-conforming people identify.”
Therein lies part of the problem. A government bureaucracy is all about conformity and putting people in boxes. Transgender, by definition, is something out of the box. Aparna Banerjee says while the rest of the country is worrying about linking their PAN cards to Aadhar, her community has other problems. “PAN cards do not allow anything other than male or female,” she says. “So what do we link to?” When you add talk of reservation and social welfare to the mix, it feeds into the paranoia that this will somehow open, as the Ministry of Home Affairs once put it in the context of Section 377, the “floodgates of delinquency”.
Even the bill's understanding of the realities of the lives of hijras, probably the most visible face of the transgender community, is spotty. When a community group met the minister for social welfare, he had, according to reports, been adamant that “nuisance” practices like begging and demanding money for blessings or badhai had to stop. The bill accordingly says anyone who “compels or entices a transgender person to indulge in the act of begging” can face imprisonment, but it offers no alternatives, it addresses none of the causes why so many hijras beg and it pays no attention to the history behind practices like badhai and mangti. It also privileges biological family over the adoptive family of gurus and gurukuls. “If your family rejects you, it says there are government shelters,” says Neel. “But it does not say whether there will be special rooms for us there. Today if a transwoman goes to a shelter and is treated as a man, what is going to happen?”
The government does not have answers as it tries to steamroller over all the complexity in a one-size-fits-all bill. But the fight against it is also gaining steam. Banerjee walks the Kolkata parade carrying a sheet and asking people to donate whatever they can, ten rupees, fifty rupees, a hundred rupees. The money, she says, will help bring thousands of transgender folk and their allies to Delhi to protest the bill.
Shreya stands watching the protest. A trans-woman, in a gown exploding with multicoloured feathers, red, yellow, green, blue and a train of white paper roses, she's the cynosure of a hundred clicking cameras. She poses for all of them with catwalk poise.
It's threatening to rain again and I wonder if she's worried that the outfit that she's worked so hard on will be ruined. “If it rains and it goes, it goes,” she says unfazed. “But that's not going to stop me. I am here now.”
In its own way that defiant grit captures the spirit of the fight against the Transgender Bill. In front of Shreya, a copy of the bill is on fire. As photographers zoom in on the flames, an activist says with a shrug “We know how to fight. We have done it all our lives.”
Share:
ISLAMABAD - Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf has sought termination of Ali Jehangir Siddiqui as ambassador-designate to the United States and Asima Hamid as Advocate General Punjab respectively.
In a separate letter written to designate caretaker Prime Minister, Justice (Retd) Nasirul Mulk, Central Secretary Information and Spokesman PTI Fawad Chaudhary said the appointment of Ali Jehangir Siddiqui as ambassador-designate to the US has been a controversial decision which has sent waves of concern amongst the nation. “Appointment of a person with no knowledge of diplomacy, foreign affairs and international affairs at the most important diplomatic station is an attempt to compromise the national interest,” said the letter addressed to the designated caretaker Prime Minister and added business association of the nominated ambassador with Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi played a vital role in his selection.
The spokesman further said that Siddiqui has not been designated to safeguard interests of the country but to fulfill personal agenda of the ruling party/family. He said the designated ambassador is also allegedly involved in mega corruption and his case was under investigation at the NAB. He requested the designate PM to take notice of the development and declare the appointment as null and void so that the responsibility could be assigned to some reasonable, experienced, and brilliant ambassador.
Similarly through a letter, the spokesman urged the Chief Election Commissioner Justice (Retd) Sardar Muhammad Raza Khan and designate Chief Minister Punjab Nasir Mahmood Khosa to take notice of the appointment of Asima Hamid as Advocate General Punjab who, he said, has been appointed just a few days before the expiry of constitutional tenure of the chief minister Punjab.
“As you know that the provincial assemblies are going to be dissolved after completing five years term and campaign for general election 2018 is about to start, such a decision at this stage is not only weaker on moral grounds but it may lead to administrative complications in the future which needs to be dismissed before time,” read the letter.
The spokesman expressed his apprehensions that the appointment of Asima as AG Punjab was aimed at defending the future CM Punjab as a person. He said that the nominee has been rewarded for her association with Sharif family and added the appointment has been made to pave the way for supporting the PML-N candidates covertly and overtly in the upcoming general elections.
The PTI Spokesman urged both the offices to take notice of the same and declare appointment of Asima Hamid as null and void immediately so that the next government could make a decision in this regard.
A man who slashed Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies with a knife was shot and killed Sunday in Artesia, the department said.
The shooting occurred at 9:26 p.m. in the 11900 block of Droxford Street in Artesia, according to a press statement.
Deputies were responding to a report of a suspicious person looking into parked vehicles, parking his SUV on a resident's lawn and fighting with an unknown man.
A fight occurred when two Lakewood Station deputies encountered the suspect. The deputies used a Taser during the confrontation, but it was ineffective, the department said.
During the fight, the suspect pulled out a knife and cut the two deputies on their hands. Then, a deputy shot the man in his torso.
The man, 49, was transported to a local hospital, where he later died. His name has not been released by the Sheriff's Department.
In this July 3, 2018, image taken from video provided by the Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page, a Thai boy smiles as a Thai Navy SEAL medic helps injured children inside a cave in Mae Sai, northern Thailand.
Royal Thai Navy Facebook Page via AP
Rescue workers assisted by Thai navy SEALs started teaching some members of a young soccer team and their coach how to swim and dive Wednesday, nearly two weeks after they became trapped in a cave in northern Thailand.
The boys, ages 11-16, and their 25-year-old coach, have been stranded deep inside the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai province for 12 days. They disappeared when they went exploring after a soccer game June 23 and were found by rescue divers late Monday.
But risky conditions including volatile water levels, challenging terrain and heavy rains forecast for the weekend have complicated plans to safely extract them.
Some of the boys do not know how to swim and flooding in the caves means the boys would likely have to dive to be able to escape, which rescue experts say could be extremely dangerous, especially for people with no experience with scuba gear.
Thai media reported the boys have been practicing using dive masks and other equipment but have not yet tried them out in water.
"The water is very strong and space is narrow. Extracting the children takes a lot of people," Deputy Prime Minister Prawit Wongsuwan told reporters in Thailand on Wednesday. "Now we are teaching the children to swim and dive," he said.
He added if the high water levels fell, the team would be taken out quickly.
The British divers who found the squad said it took three hours to reach them, as they faced fast-moving currents and had to pull themselves along cave walls.
The boys and their coach were trapped in the cave by a sudden influx of water.
More: Thai cave: Boys may have to scuba to safety – even those who can't swim
More: An illustrated look at the Thai cave rescue
Chiang Rai provincial Gov. Narongsak Osatanakorn, the Thai official overseeing the rescue operation, said Wednesday that "all 13 may not come out at the same time. If the condition is right and if that person is ready 100%, he can come out."
But Narongsak said rescue teams are still looking for other ways to rescue the boys, such as locating alternative routes into the cave's network of narrow passageways.
Some cave rescue experts have said it would be safer to keep the team supplied with essential food and medicine where they are for now and wait for the water levels to recede. However, that approach could take months, as Thailand's monsoon season usually lasts through October.
It's also possible that conditions inside the cave could change. The boys are taking shelter on a ledge surrounded by water more than a mile from the cave's main entrance, and about half a mile below the surface.
Still, the boys and their coach reported they were in good health in a brief video released Wednesday on the Thai navy SEALs Facebook page.
The SEALs, including medics, are staying with the team inside the cave and the boys are mostly in a stable condition after having received high-protein drinks.
The one-minute video shows the team together with the SEALs inside the darkened cave. While the boys are visibly thin, they appear to be in good spirits as they introduce themselves one-by-one to the camera.
In the video, as a light is shone on each boy's face they address the camera with head bowed and hands clasped together in a Thai prayer-like greeting known as "wai."
A few of the boys appear to be wearing soccer jerseys from international teams. One of them resembles the one worn by the England soccer squad in its Tuesday night World Cup victory over Colombia in Moscow.
At one point in the video, the boys laugh in response to an apparent joke made by a member of the rescue team. Experts have said that looking after the boys' mental health will be key to ensuring they are able to safely take part in any rescue plan.
Thai authorities said they are working to install an Internet cable to the cave so that the parents of the boys can talk to their children.
"It's like he has been given a new life," Kian Kamluang, whose 16-year-old son Pornchai is inside the cave, told the Associated Press. She said she'll never let her son go into a cave or near water again.
The longest time anyone has survived while trapped underground is 69 days, according to Guinness World Records. In that incident, all 33 Chilean miners — known as the "33 of San Jose" — made it safely back to the surface via a rescue capsule after they were trapped 2,257 ft below the surface after the collapse of a mine near Copiapo, Chile, in August 2010. The gold-copper mine collapsed after an earthquake.
Search for trapped soccer team in Thailand Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08 Thai officials carry oxygen tanks through a cave complex during a rescue operation for a missing soccer team at the Tham Luang cave in Chiang Rai, Thailand, July 1, 2018. Rescuers in northern Thailand looked for alternative ways into a flooded cave as they continued the search for 12 boys and their soccer coach who have been missing in Tham Luang Nang Non cave after monsoon rains blocked the main entrance. U.S. Forces and British divers joined the search as they worked their way through submerged passageways in the sprawling underground caverns as the search intensifies for the young soccer team, aged between 11 to 16, and their their 25-year-old coach. 01 / 08
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Preschools In Ghana's Capital Challenge Call-And-Response System In Accra, many low-income parents scrape together money to send their toddlers to private schools. The trouble: schools subject them to long lectures, and punish misbehavior with beatings.
London: Leo Varadkar, a 38-year-old Indian-origin doctor, on Wednesday scripted history by becoming Ireland's youngest and the first openly gay prime minister of the Catholic-majority country, as he promised to build "a republic of opportunity".
Varadkar, the country's first Indian-origin premier, officially took over from Enda Kenny as Taoiseach, as the Irish prime ministerial title is known, after a parliamentary vote in Dublin confirmed him as the leader by 57 votes to 50, with 47 abstentions.
The former general physician, who is the son of an Irish nurse and a doctor from India, won the Fine Gael party leadership earlier this month. He has made his leadership rival Simon Coveney the deputy leader of the party.
Addressing the Dail (Irish parliament), after his election, Varadkar said, "I've been elected to lead but I promise to serve."
"The government that I lead will not be one of left or right because those old divisions don't comprehend the political challenges of today. The government I lead will be one of the new European centre as we seek to build a republic of opportunity," Varadkar asserted.
He then travelled to the president's residence, Aras an Uachtarain, where President Michael D Higgins gave him the seals of office to officially confirm his appointment.
Former Taoiseach Kenny nominated Varadkar to succeed him at the start of today's Dail proceedings, saying that he would carry out the role with integrity and skill.
"As the country's youngest holder of this office, he speaks for a new generation of Irish women and Irish men," he said.
"He (Varadkar) represents a modern, diverse and inclusive Ireland and speaks for them like no other, an Ireland in which each person can fulfil their potential and live their dreams," Kenny said.
After winning the party leadership earlier this month, Varadkar had said, "If my election shows anything it's that prejudice has no hold in this Republic."
"When my father travelled 5,000 miles to build a new home in Ireland, I doubt he ever dreamed his son would grow up to be its leader," he had said.
The Dublin-born son of Mumbai-born Ashok Varadkar and Irish mother Miriam, served as Ireland's welfare minister and had emerged as the most popular choice since he announced his candidacy after Kenny stepped down as prime minister earlier this year.
Varadkar qualified as a doctor from the prestigious Trinity College, Dublin, and was first elected as a councillor at the age of 24 and took a seat in the Dail in 2007.
He went up against housing minister Coveney in the leadership race, who bagged two-thirds of the party membership votes but lost out to the more popular candidate in the end.
Varadkar came out as a gay man in 2015, when Ireland became the first country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage through popular vote.
In a coming-out speech he gave in a radio interview, he had said, "It's not something that defines me. I'm not a half-Indian politician, or a doctor politician or a gay politician for that matter. It's just part of who I am, it doesn't define me, it is part of my character I suppose."
His family originates from Varad in Maharashta's Sindhudurg district, and Leo Varadkar kept his Indian connect alive, completing an internship at the King Edward Memorial Hospital in Mumbai.
His partner, Matthew Barrett, is also a doctor.
"Matt is just a very special person. Someone who is unconditionally on my side, which is always great. He is the kind of person who has made me a better person," Varadkar recently said.
The popular minister has campaigned for same-sex marriage and liberalising abortion laws.
He worked as a general practitioner (GP) before winning a seat in Parliament and has rapidly risen through the party ranks, holding several ministerial portfolios including minister for social protection and minister for transport, tourism and sports.
Fine Gael is Ireland's centre-right political party, seen as taking liberal positions on several social and economic issues.
According to a statement first obtained by KTLA's Rich DeMuro, Apple has donated $1 million to assist in wildfire relief efforts in southern California. In the statement, Apple commented on both the company's personal stake in the disaster relief and its sympathy for all of those affected:
"Our thoughts are with all those affected by the fires in Southern California, including our colleagues, friends and their families. Apple is donating $1 million to aid in the rebuilding and recovery efforts of the communities that have been impacted."
The fires have been raging on for months now, destroying thousands of acres of property in the area since October. Ventura County has reportedly already spent over $34 million in order to contain only about 15% of the Thomas fire — the largest of the wildfires currently burning — which has torched an area larger than the whole of New York City. Approximately 98,000 people have been evacuated as of this morning.
This isn't the first time that Apple has donated to a relief-related cause this year. The company began aiding with recovery efforts for the northern California fires a couple of months ago, and has also pledged a total of $5 million to victims of hurricanes Irma and Harvey as well as another $1 million to the individuals rebuilding after the devastating 7.2 magnitude earthquake in Mexico.
If you're interested in joining Apple in aiding recovery efforts in California (and we really, really hope you are), you can do so by donating anything you can to any of the following organizations (collected by PBS):
If you live in the area, you can also volunteer by signing up here.
MADRID - Spain's Constitutional Court quashed Tuesday a resolution by Catalonia's regional parliament calling for a referendum on independence this year, a ruling that will further stoke tensions with Madrid.
The parliament of Spain's wealthy, northeastern region, which has a majority of separatist lawmakers, had adopted the resolution in October, pledging to hold a vote in September 2017.
But after suspending it in December, the Constitutional Court in Madrid said Tuesday that it had cancelled it altogether, ruling it "unconstitutional". Separatists in Catalonia have for years tried to win approval from Spain's central government for an independence vote like Scotland's 2014 referendum on independence from Britain, which resulted in a "no" vote. Catalonia's former president Artur Mas tried to hold such a referendum, which was also banned by the court. He countered by calling a symbolic, nonbinding independence vote, which was also stopped by the court.
But in November 2014 he went ahead anyway, with more than 80 percent choosing independence - though just 2.3 million people out of a total of 6.3 million eligible voters took part.
Mas's move got him and two others charged with serious civil disobedience and misconduct, and they stood trial last week.
Prosecutors want Mas and his former associates banned from holding public office for nine to 10 years.
The court's 2014 ban on holding a referendum is permanent, but the Catalan parliament had decided to give it another try last October - ultimately failing.
Prosecutors will now decide whether regional officials such as parliamentary speaker Carme Forcadell "committed an offence by approving the decision" to submit the resolution.
Catalans have nurtured a separate identity for centuries, with their own language and customs.
Their long-standing demands for greater autonomy have been exacerbated by Spain's economic downturn, with many Catalans resenting the taxes they pay to the central government in Madrid to subsidise poorer regions.
Calls for outright independence have increased in recent years, and polls show that Catalonia, which accounts for almost a fifth of Spain's economic output, is roughly split in half over breaking away.
(Reuters) - Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) said on Monday it had abandoned its bid for most of the assets of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O), leaving Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) as the sole suitor in pursuit of the $40 billion-plus deal. FILE PHOTO: The Twenty-First Century Fox Studios flag flies over the company building in Los Angeles, California U.S. on November 6, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson /File Photo“When a set of assets like Fox's becomes available, it is our responsibility to evaluate if there is a strategic fit that could benefit our company and our shareholders. That is what we tried to do and we are no longer engaged in the review of those assets. We never got the level of engagement needed to make a definitive offer,” Comcast told Reuters in a statement. Disney's negotiations with Fox are continuing, and a deal could be reached as early as this month, other sources close to the situation said, asking not to be identified discussing confidential deliberations. Disney and Fox did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Jan 31 (Reuters) - China Media Group:
* SAYS SHARE TRADE TO HALT FROM FEB 1 PENDING ANNOUNCEMENT RELATED TO ASSET ACQUISITION Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2E1VnS8 Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
If you want to understand why Narisawa is often considered to be among the best restaurants in the world, you might have a look at Satoyama Scenery, a kind of seven square inches of edible forest floor that is constructed from sprigs of mountain herbs, a scattering of cherry blossoms, rough cylinders of fish skin and roots transformed into what look like fallen twigs, and a powdery tumble of earth and mosses fashioned from pulverized grains, fermented soybeans and a bit of matcha tea.
The tableau is assembled on a slice of raw log, more bark than planed surface. A small bamboo jigger brims with cold, oak sap-seasoned water — what you imagine raindrops sipped from fallen leaves might taste like. On a cloudy glass plinth nearby, three delicately fried ayus, glazed with cherry-blossom essence, swim in a formation familiar from woodblock prints. And while you are near the center of Tokyo, in a modernist restaurant hidden in a rear courtyard of an office complex, your mind is, at least for the moment, in the mountainous countryside, at that nexus between civilization and nature — satoyama — that is at the center of so much Japanese literature and art.
Ever since the Neeraj Pandey film Aiyaary starring Sidharth Malhotra was announced, there has been much speculation about who will feature opposite Malhotra as the female lead of the film.
Now, there is buzz that actress Rakul Preet Singh, whose last Hindi film was Yaariyan, has been signed for the film, reports Spotboye.
Singh has been a contestant in Femina Miss India (2011) and has won four pageant titles along with winning the Indiatimes online poll that year. She has featured in a few Kannada and Telugu films like Current Theega (2014), Loukyam (2014) and Dhruva (2016) and more recently Rarandoi Veduka Chuddam to name a few.
Rakul will be joining Malhotra in Delhi in a few days, where they will reportedly shoot for few songs and scenes. The team is working on a very tight schedule of 40 days, SpotboyE added.
Aiyaary also stars Manoj Bajpayee where he plays an army officer. Malhotra essays the role of Bajpayee's protege.
Firstpost had earlier reported that Malhotra was shooting in Kashmir for the film. Malhotra has been actively posting updates and pictures from his Aiyaary shoot in the valley. The team is now headed to Delhi for the next schedule, says SpotboyE.
Apparently, they have wrapped up the shoot schedule in Kashmir. Trade analyst Taran Adarsh took to Twitter and shared a picture.
Neeraj Pandey completes filming a substantial portion of #Aiyaary in Kashmir... Stars Sidharth Malhotra and Manoj Bajpayee... 2018 release. pic.twitter.com/oYh1FRXZBG — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) June 15, 2017
Sidharth Malhotra is working for the first time with Neeraj Pandey, while Manoj Bajpayee has earlier worked with Pandey on Special 26 (2013), Baby (2015) and Naam Shabana (2017).
A Friday Filmworks Productions project, Aiyaary is produced by Shital Bhatia. The film is slated to release during the Republic Day weekend in 2018 and will tentatively clash with Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar starrer 2.0, reports Koimoi.com.
Posted Today, 08:47 PM
no hdr 10 on that tv correct?
edit: I only found this within the documents. A more tv savvy person can pitch in?
PICTURE QUALITY
• 4K Color Drive
• 4K HDR Pro
• Essential Black Pro
• MR 120
• Auto Depth Enhancer
• 4K Ultra High Definition
• UHD Upscaling
edit again: found this. TV is on the lower end of that product line. Will skip this one out for the time being
http://www.mridirect...Comparisons.pdf
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "161","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Share Share +1 Shares 0
A Harrogate physiotherapist has developed a breakthrough new product for use in the treatment of lower back pain.
Chris Aldred has spent more than a decade refining the Pelvipro, a portable ball-and-lever device that allows sufferers to take control of their pain management wherever they are.
Three years ago, Chris joined with former Yorkshire professional cricketer turned business adviser and mentor Peter Whiteley to take the development of the Pelvipro into its final stages. They worked with design experts at York St John University and businesses in Keighley and Skipton to bring the Pelvipro to market.
Now, following successful trials of the Pelvipro across Yorkshire and the North West, Chris and Peter are preparing for its official launch at the Yorkshire Business Market in Harrogate on Monday, April 24. Visitors to the event will be able to chat to them about back pain, have a diagnosis and try out the device for themselves.
Around a third of the adult population experiences lower back pain and, for 97 per cent of them, there is a musculoskeletal (MSK) cause.
Chris, who specialises in MSK physiotherapy, has treated thousands of patients with lower back pain during his 17-year career. He was an integral part of a team who built orthopaedic and sports medicine centres across China, which involved the training of physiotherapists, physicians and surgeons in western methods of rehabilitation and treatment. He returned to his Harrogate roots in 2008 where opened and established a successful MSK clinic in the town, and this is where he continues to research and develop cutting edge, effective lower back treatments.
Chris said: Issues such as a misalignment of the pelvis and instability of the lumbo-pelvic-femoral system are the main causes of lower back pain. It can have a debilitating effect on a sufferer's everyday life. The Pelvipro realigns the pelvis which, in turn, realigns the spine and the hips. It also helps strengthen muscles and heal damaged tissue. All of this leads to a reduction or elimination of pain. The Pelvipro is simple to use and safe so that patients are unable to damage themselves by using it incorrectly. They can build upon improvements made with their physio and take control of their pain whenever they need to.
Trials of the Pelvipro have been undertaken in Yorkshire and the North West among patients with varying degrees of lower back pain, from mild to chronic. The Pelvipro was shown to be 100 per cent effective in realigning the pelvis. Seventy-five per cent of patients said it instantly reduced their pain, while nearly a fifth of them said it had completely eliminated their pain.
Chris said: More than that, the trials also showed that the Pelvipro had a huge positive impact on patients' fear and stress about lower back pain. Sixty-one per cent said their level of fear about back pain had been reduced by more than half, and 71 per cent said the same about their level of stress. That's because the Pelvipro gives people the empowering feeling of knowing they're in control of their pain.
Chris is encouraging back pain sufferers to use the device in sessions with specially-trained accredited physiotherapists. They then take it home to continue managing their pain outside of regular visits to the clinic. The Pelvipro is particularly useful when access to a physio is difficult or impossible, such as when on holiday or at work. Alternatively, back pain sufferers will be able to buy the Pelvipro through the website following an online consultation to ensure it is the right treatment for them.
Chris and Peter also plan to roll out the device to physios working in the corporate environment, as well as sports and fitness venues, yoga and pilates classes and, eventually, NHS sites.
Peter said: Chris told me about his ideas for the Pelvipro and, being a former professional sportsman, I immediately saw the benefits of using it to realign the pelvis as a warm-up routine in preparation for exercise. I have suffered with back pain and have used Pelvipro to get me back to doing what I need and want to do. It is so convenient that I've used it on a golf course and in a café, and other patients have taken it on holiday. It creates the stability that allows you to build up muscle and heal tissue, making the body stronger and the pelvis less likely to misalign – meaning problems are reduced in the longer term.
The reviews for the first film in the Fifty Shades of Grey franchise weren't exactly stellar (it has a 25 percent score on Rotten Tomatoes), but director Sam Taylor-Johnson would like us all to know that she tried to make it a good movie, she really did. Unfortunately, there was one particularly difficult hurdle standing in the way: Fifty Shades of Grey author E L James. While sitting down with the Sunday Times of London recently, Taylor-Johnson revealed just how difficult directing the adaptation was, due to the uniquely extreme creative control James held over the production.
"It was a struggle and there were lots of onset tete-à-tetes, with me trying to bat it into the [right] place," Taylor-Johnson said, explaining that she and James could never see eye to eye on any level and frequently clashed. "I like everyone — and I get really confused when they don't like me. I was so confused by E.L. James. I don't understand when I can't navigate a person, when there's no synergy."
Naturally the experience dampened her outlook on Anastasia Steele and Christian Grey's love story, and she's content to forget about the franchise altogether. "I'm not going to ever watch them. I have literally zero interest," she said. When asked if she "regrets" directing it, she said no, but if she could go back in time, maybe she'd make a different choice. "I can never say I regret it because that would just finish me off . . . With the benefit of hindsight would I go through it again? Of course I wouldn't. I'd be mad."
It's safe to assume Taylor-Johnson won't be lining up to see the third movie, Fifty Shades Freed, when it hits cinemas next February.
A California Energy Commission committee is urging the state to reject a proposal to build a new natural gas plant in Ventura County.
Called the Puente Energy project, the 262-megawatt power plant would be owned and operated by NRG, a Houston-based electricity company. NRG contracted with Southern California Edison to supply power to the utility.
In what the regulators themselves called an “unusual” statement, the two-member committee said that the proposed plant, set for construction on Mandalay Bay in Oxnard, conflicted with state laws and goals for communities and the environment.
“We hereby notify the parties and interested members of the public that we intend to issue a [decision] that recommends denial of the project on the grounds that it creates inconsistencies with LORS [laws, ordinances, regulations or standards] and significant environmental impacts that cannot be mitigated,” Commissioners Janea Scott and Karen Douglas said in their two-page statement.
Southern California Edison said in a statement that the Puente project was competitively chosen and is needed to help meet demand when older power plants close by 2021.
“It is important to remember that the approval for new resources is a very lengthy and costly process, and it is not practical to continually revisit development decisions, as this can make it more difficult to address reliability needs on the system,” Edison stated.
“While there are potential solutions to the needs addressed by the Puente project, it is speculative to assume that preferred resources can be developed on the scale and at the cost needed to competitively replace the Puente project by 2021.”
The recommendation sends the final decision about the project to the full energy commission, but the rare statement all but signals that the power plant plan is dead.
The recommendation follows Los Angeles Times investigations that showed the state has overbuilt the electricity system, primarily with natural gas plants, and has so much clean energy that it has to shut down some plants while paying other states to take the power California can't use. The overbuilding has added billions of dollars to ratepayers' bills in recent years.
Officials in Oxnard, along with state lawmakers who represent the area, have called for clean energy alternatives to the plant. And residents flooded the energy commission with hundreds of emails for days throughout the summer, pressing regulators to reject the project.
California has a mandate that 50% of the state's electricity come from clean energy sources by 2030. Some lawmakers want to increase the mandate to 100%.
In August, the California Independent System Operator, which manages the state's electric grid, released a 46-page report detailing that clean energy sources could serve as alternatives to building the natural gas plant. But in its study at the time, Cal-ISO said that the alternatives would cost more than the gas facility.
The report by Cal-ISO, which has argued that additional energy resources are needed in the Oxnard area to ensure reliability in the local area, pegged the new plant's cost at $299 million while the three clean-energy alternatives would cost $309 million to $1.1 billion.
Some critics said that a request for proposals could yield more competitive prices than the Cal-ISO study.
Billionaire environmentalist Tom Steyer, who had joined the opposition to the plant, said rejection of the natural gas facility is crucial for the Oxnard community, which has a substantial low-income population that has been saddled with polluting production plants.
“For decades, corporations have targeted Oxnard as a dumping site, profited from the city's environmental destruction and left behind hazardous waste and pollution that continues to threaten the health and safety of its residents,” Steyer said.
Steyer and others said Californians must continue to support clean energy in the face of the energy industry's push for more fossil fuels.
“California is at a critical and exciting threshold of a clean energy future that will expand clean energy jobs and build healthier communities," said Gladys Limon, executive director of the California Environmental Justice Alliance.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
ivan.penn@latimes.com
For more energy news, follow Ivan Penn on Twitter: @ivanlpenn
Diabetes, high blood pressure or high cholesterol are likely in the future for most women, according to a new study. But that doesn't mean that you have to accept the inevitable.
The study, published Wednesday in the Lancet, focused on the question of whether a person can be obese but remain healthy long term (the results weren't good), but it also turned up another finding.
READ MORE: ‘Fat but fit' people still at risk of heart disease, study finds
After researchers followed a group of 90,000 American women for up to 30 years, they found that most people – including those who began the study at a normal body weight – eventually developed diabetes, hypertension or high cholesterol. This was true whether or not they were overweight to begin with.
Two-thirds of women classified as having a “healthy” body weight at their initial examination ended up with one of those three metabolic diseases.
This is in line with Canadian numbers. According to Statistics Canada, 53 per cent of Canadians aged 60 to 79 reported that they had been diagnosed with hypertension. Also, 23 per cent of women aged 70 to 74 were diagnosed with diabetes in 2013-2014.
Partly, it's about getting older. For many of these diseases, your risk increases with age, said Dr. Arya Sharma, scientific director of the Canadian Obesity Network.
“Even if people start out with pretty good body composition, low body fat, as they get older, you tend to lose some of your muscle and you tend to put on more fat. So your body becomes fatter even without the numbers on the scale actually changing,” he said.
But it's not just due to aging, said study co-author Matthias Schulze, of the German Institute of Human Nutrition. “There is an increasing risk for these diseases with age, but age is only one of multiple risk factors for these metabolic diseases.”
READ MORE: Fat but fit? New research debunks ‘healthy obesity' theory
Some of these other risk factors include excess weight, genetics, a lack of exercise, poor sleep and poor stress management, Sharma said.
Some of these can be changed. “It's not inevitable. Of course, if you come from a genetic background of diabetes, everyone in your family has diabetes, everyone in your family gets heart disease, then you're certainly fighting an upward battle.”
“But it's not impossible. And of course, if you don't fight, then you're just going to get the same problems that everyone else in your family has.”
To Susanne Clee, a diabetes researcher and assistant professor in the department of cellular and physiological sciences at the University of British Columbia, one of the takeaways is that people need to work harder to maintain metabolic health.
READ MORE: Diabetes and heart disease risk are linked by the same genes, scientists say
“Even if you're young and healthy doesn't mean you'll stay that way forever,” she said.
“I wouldn't say inevitable but it probably takes a lot more effort than most of us put in.”
Sharma said there is nothing better than regular exercise: even the government-recommended guidelines of at least 2.5 hours per week of moderate to vigorous physical activity will help. Eating a higher-quality diet will also help to reduce your risk of metabolic disease, as will getting better sleep and reducing your stress.
Even just delaying the onset of metabolic diseases like diabetes by a few years can make a big difference to your health, he said. “It has a huge benefit because diabetes causes problems over a 10- to 20-year period. So if you delay that by five or six years, you can have a very substantial health benefit.”
The Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency (Gistda), the state space organisation, plans to team up with France's Airbus to bring satellite technology to U-tapao airport and make it the airfreight hub of Southeast Asia.
Kanit Sangsubhan, secretary-general of Eastern Economic Corridor (EEC) Office, said Gistda and Airbus plan to create phase two of the Thailand Earth Observation Satellite (TEOS) with an investment of 7.8 billion baht.
Full story: Bangkok Post
LAMONPHET APISITNIRAN
BANGKOK POST
The death of 63 children at a government-run hospital in Uttar Pradesh's Gorakhpur has become the latest flashpoint between the Shiv Sena and ally BJP in Maharashtra.Terming the tragedy as a “mass murder”, the Shiv Sena, in an editorial in mouthpiece Saamana, said the Centre would have taken strict action if any of the opposition parties were in power in Uttar Pradesh.“The sufferings of the poor don't move our politicians. And that is the failure of our Independence. This suffering and pain is the Mann Ki Baat of the poor,” the editorial said, taking a dig at Prime Minister Narendra Modi's monthly radio address.“Thankfully, the government has at least admitted that there are so many deaths in Gorakhpur. Otherwise, they would have said that these children have only stopped breathing, and will start breathing again once they hear the independence speech delivered from Red Fort,” the editorial said.“If children really do die in August each year, how come children of politicians and local strongmen are spared? Death doesn't visit their homes? This is mass murder of children,” it said.The BJP and Shiv Sena have shared an uncomfortable alliance in Maharashtra with the latter taking on its ally over mob lynchings, demonetisation and GST implementation.Its attack on the Yogi Adityanath government over the children's deaths comes amid calls from opposition for the UP chief minister to step down.Yogi, who is still a Lok Sabha member from Gorakhpur, has warned of "exemplary" action against those found responsible for the horrifying tragedy, but maintains that the children died of ailments and not shortage of oxygen supply.Sources have told CNN-News18 that a report by the District Magistrate admits that oxygen supply was disrupted “for a few hours” on the intervening night of August 10 and 11, but denied it as the cause of deaths.Too cool frayed tempers, the BJP-led Centre has announced setting up a regional medical centre at a cost of Rs 85 crore in Gorakhpur for conducting research on ailments that afflict children.
The topic of advertiser advocacy has been on the minds of brand marketers lately. When Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus stopped selling Ivanka Trump–branded clothing this past February, sales of Ivanka's clothing lines skyrocketed in the following weeks. Brand marketers publicly expressed surprise about research showing many customers have positive associations with President Trump. They needn't have been surprised.
People vote with their values and wallets, and in a digitally connected world, they can let friends and brands know what their values are via their purchases. More than ever, purchases are statements of values and beliefs, and these are the new stakes in the marketplace, and in what I call the Belief Economy.
Companies always have had mission statements, however, these didn't always align with the separate marketing mission, which typically focused on getting results no matter what. Values be damned if it meant making your quarterly earnings.
The Belief Economy demands that brands have a clearly defined purpose, an authentic belief system and behave accordingly. Brands without those will be left behind as the economic impetus of millennials and the digitally connected-since-birth, iGen, continues to grow.
Millennials and iGen are civic-driven generations. Both are idealist, adaptive and tribal, and most important, highly influential. They aren't asking for brands to take a stand; they're demanding it. For this reason, marketers already have been exposed to the idea of the Belief Economy, whether they know it or not.
We see examples on a seemingly daily basis. Something happens that either is at odds with, or reinforces, a specific belief system, and the market responds.
Hamdi Ulukaya, the Turkish founder of Chobani yogurt, got involved in the refugee crisis by hiring hundreds of them, resettled by the U.S. government and representing 19 nationalities, to work in the brand's U.S. yogurt plants. He even helped them physically get to the plant, and he put translators on the manufacturing floor to help make it all work.
Ulukaya thinks it is important to live his values through his brand, and since founding his company in 2007, also has made a point of hiring immigrants. Any anti-refugee or anti-immigrant sentiment among the yogurt-buying public didn't hinder Chobani's sales in the least, and it remains the number one Greek yogurt brand in the U.S.
Moreover, people patronize Starbucks not just for its coffee. Values have always been baked into Starbucks's business model.
In 2017, when Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz announced that in response to President Trump's immigration ban, Starbucks would be hiring 10,000 refugees across its stores worldwide, it wasn't just a marketing gimmick, and it certainly didn't have any adverse effects on the company's sales.
The first brand value listed on the Starbucks website is, "Creating a culture of warmth and belonging, where everyone is welcome." That sounds great, of course, but it doesn't mean much if you aren't walking the walk.
Back in 2012, the CEO of Chick-fil-A expressed his opposition to same-sex marriage, which drew strong reactions from those for, and against, same-sex marriage. There were protests and boycotts of the fast food chain, but interestingly, the Belief Economy came into play. In the immediate aftermath of the CEO's remarks, the fast-food chain reported that sales were up significantly.
In the Belief Economy, marketers must engage people with a story and a system of values rather than simply try to convince them to buy their products and services.
Too many marketers get overwhelmed by values-driven advertising and say, "This is too much. I just need to sell my stuff. Sell, sell, sell."
That is a flawed, outdated way of thinking. You're not trying to sell your product once or twice. You're trying to build devoted fans (maybe a better word is "co-creators") who want to connect based on a deeper level of values and beliefs.
Does this mean brands must wade into controversial political issues to be successful? Far from it. Instead, they must make their belief systems known, walk the walk, and create products and behaviors consistent with their stand in the world.
The difference now, of course, is the stakes are higher than ever when you factor in digital media, which has enabled a "many-to-one" system of expression through which people can say whether or not a brand aligns with their own personal values.
We are emotional beings. If we only made our purchase decisions based on rationality we'd only shop at The Dollar Store. Our emotions often rule us.
Brands must have their belief systems clearly defined and communicated. Companies that don't may be left behind, because engaged people are paying attention.
David Baldwin is founder and CEO at Baldwin&.
The long wait for the start of the Dodgers postseason run is finally over as the National League Division Series kicks off this evening versus the Arizona Diamondbacks.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodgers Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833731","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833731","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833731","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "57","recurring_event": "565","competition": "457","agency": "16","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833731","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
Silly me, I was expecting Hawaiian, or at least Polynesian. I mean, what else should one infer from a name like Kona Grill?
And there are a lot of Asian and Pacific Rimmy kinds of dishes on the menu. There are sushi offerings and the requisite poke bowls, some egg rolls and some stir-frys.
But of course the first thing I spot on the large menu is Jambalaya. The second thing is a Cuban Sandwich. So immediately I'm thinking WTF, which stands for What's the Theme?
I'm going to go with “big and splashy,” with a side of “feed as many people as you can at once.”
It's a very large space, and it doesn't appear to have been cheaply appointed. Booths and chairs are attractively upholstered, but it all felt rather impersonal.
And the food is modest, at least what I sampled. Who knows, maybe that jambalaya is the star of the show.
But I stayed with items I thought sounded like they should be served in a Kona Grill.
My companion and I started with the Kona Calamari, which despite being a tad greasy had good seasoning in the deep-fried breading and were mostly tender.
Pad Thai Noodles was a smallish serving considering its $16.50 suggested retail price. That's the price with chicken, hard nuggets that seemed as though they had been deep fried. There also didn't seem to be much in the way of flavor, at least not until I availed of the line wedge that was provided and gave the rice noodles a good squirt.
My friend didn't do much better with the Spider Roll, which was quite small, loose and inexpertly rolled.
The atmosphere is boisterous, thanks in part to an open kitchen where staffers shout at each other as though they think the guests can't hear. Or they don't care if they can.
A bright spot: Our server was accommodating, and the food was delivered quickly. Feed a few more.
Kona Grill is a franchise chain that started in Scottsdale, Arizona, in 1998. It has locations across the continental U.S. and even one in Hawaii, which probably doesn't get a lot of Cuban sandwiches or Jambalaya.
PIQUA — Cub Scout Pack 295 out of Piqua held its annual Pinewood Derby on Saturday, Jan. 27 at the Miami Valley Centre.
There were 34 Scouts that participated. Top three overall winners were Owen Quinter, Gavin Short and Alex Giguere.
Top three winners from each den were Emmett Schaeffer, Eli Ross and Xavier Davis (Lions), Noah Moore, Tristan Fox and Braylon Huggings (Wolves), Leon Schwarz, Wyatt Collins and Evan Moore (Bears), Jayden Brush, Dominic Sandison and Noah Bishop (Webelos).
The sibling race winners were Brendan Quinter, William Collins and Ella Collins.
For more information about joining Cub Scout Pack 295, contact Dan Collins at 418-3705 or Al Fledderman at 361-3759.
Five people, including the head of Michigan's health department, were charged Wednesday with involuntary manslaughter in an investigation of Flint's lead-contaminated water, all blamed in the death of an 85-year-old man who had Legionnaires' disease.
Nick Lyon is the highest-ranking member of Republican Gov. Rick Snyder's administration to be snagged in a criminal investigation of how Flint's water system became poisoned after officials tapped the Flint River in 2014.
Lyon, 48, the director of the Health and Human Services Department, is accused of failing to alert the majority-black population about an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in the Flint area, which has been linked by some experts to poor water quality in 2014-15.
If convicted, Lyon could face up to 15 years in prison.
“The health crisis in Flint has created a trust crisis for Michigan government, exposing a serious lack of confidence in leaders who accept responsibility and solve problems,” said state Attorney General Bill Schuette, who said his probe is moving to the trial phase and signaled that Snyder, who has apologized for his administration's failures that led to and prolonged the crisis, may not be charged.
“We only file criminal charges when evidence of probable cause of a crime has been established. And we're not filing charges at this time,” he said.
Lyon also is charged with misconduct in office for allegedly obstructing university researchers who are studying if the surge in cases was linked to the Flint River.
The others are people who were already facing charges. They are: Darnell Earley, who was Flint's emergency manager when the city used the river; Howard Croft, who ran Flint's public works department; Liane Shekter Smith; and Stephen Busch. Shekter Smith and Busch were state environmental regulators.
The state's chief medical officer, Dr. Eden Wells, 54, was charged Wednesday with obstruction of justice and lying to an investigator.
“Dr. Wells vehemently denies the charges,” defense attorney Jerry Lax said.
Other attorneys in the case have not returned calls seeking comment.
Snyder expressed support for Lyon and Wells.
“Some state employees were charged over a year ago and have been suspended from work since that time. They still have not had their day in court. That is not justice for Flint nor for those who have been charged,” he said in a statement. “Director Lyon and Dr. Wells have been and continue to be instrumental in Flint's recovery. They have my full faith and confidence, and will remain on duty at DHHS.”
Flint began using water from the Flint River while under state emergency management, but did not treat it to reduce corrosion. Toxic lead from old plumbing leached into the water system, causing elevated levels in children and leaving residents to drink and bathe with bottled or filtered water.
Some experts also have linked the water to Legionnaires' disease, a type of pneumonia caused by bacteria that thrive in warm water and infect the lungs. People can get sick if they inhale mist or vapor, typically from cooling systems.
There were nearly 100 cases in the Flint area, including 12 deaths, in 2014 and 2015.
Lyon, Croft, Earley, Shekter Smith and Busch are blamed in the death of Robert Skidmore in December 2015. He was admitted to McClaren Flint hospital in June 2015 with symptoms consistent with pneumonia. He died at home six months later.
Lyon was personally briefed in January 2015 but “took no action to alert the public of a deadly” outbreak until nearly a year later, special agent Jeff Seipenko told a judge as the charges were filed.
Lyon has admitted that he was aware of the Legionnaires' outbreak for months but wanted to delay saying anything public until state Health and Human Services Department investigators finished their own probe.
He told state lawmakers that experts likely wanted to “solve the problem” before they raised it with senior officials in the Snyder administration. The investigation, he said, “wasn't one that was easily solved.”
Schuette has now charged 15 current or former government officials in an ongoing probe that began in early 2016, including two emergency managers whom Snyder appointed to run the impoverished city of roughly 100,000 residents, a majority of them African-Americans. The Michigan Civil Rights Commission issued a report in February blaming “systemic racism” going back decades for the problems that caused the water crisis in Flint.
In March, Corrine Miller, the state's former director of disease control, was sentenced to probation and ordered to write an apology to residents after pleading no contest to willful neglect of duty. She is a key cooperating witness for Schuette's team.
A tornado siren in Oakland County. (Oakland Press file photo)
The siren will sound across Michigan at 1 p.m. on Wednesday, April 19th.
That would be a tornado siren and its only a drill, which is a part of Michigans Severe Weather Awareness Week.
Sara Stoddard, Oakland County chief of emergency management, said this week works great as an educational tool.
This program is geared toward educating individuals about severe weather safety and the Oakland County Outdoor Warning System, said Stoddard. Oakland County wants to provide accurate timely warnings to everyone to help save lives. Oakland County has 275 outdoor warning sirens, that are intended to inform people who are outdoors of inclement weather in or approaching Oakland County.
Advertisement
Stoddard said she encourages schools and businesses to test their emergency preparedness plans and tornado drills in conjunction with the 1 p.m. statewide test on Wednesday.
Oakland County Homeland Security Division will sound the sirens, said Stoddard. In the event there is inclement weather in or around Oakland County at 1 p.m., the test will be canceled,
If the test is cancelled, it will be rescheduled for Thursday at 1 p.m.
To be ready for a tornado includes:
 Identify the lowest place to take cover during a tornado. If a basement does not exist, find an interior hallway away from windows, doors, and outside walls.
 Go under something sturdy such as a workbench or stairwell when taking shelter in the basement or designated spot.
 Conduct regular tornado drills. Make sure each household member knows where to go and what to do in the event of a tornado.
Tornadoes can occur during any time of the year, but are especially common during the late spring and early summer months, according to Michigan State Police.
Tornadoes can develop rapidly, with little or no warning, said Capt. Chris A. Kelenske, Deputy State Director of Emergency Management and Homeland Security and commander of the Michigan State Police/ Emergency Management and Homeland Security Division. Due to their unpredictable nature, we must be ready well in advance. Were asking residents and businesses to take a few extra steps during the week to ensure theyre prepared.
For more information about being safe before, during and after a tornado, follow the Michigan Emergency Management and Homeland Security Division on Twitter at @MichEMHS or go to michigan.gov/miready.
Emergency preparedness information is also available at ready.gov/tornadoes.
We (Oakland County) have a great deal of information related to weather emergencies and preparedness efforts on our websites at oakgov.com/homelandsecurity, said Stoddard.
Traffic plan for Youm-e-Ali
LAHORE: City traffic police on Wednesday finalised the traffic management plan for Youm-e-Ali with massive deployment of force on the traditional route of the main mourning procession.
On Saturday, the police will block all the adjacent arteries on the main procession route and the motorists will be provided alternative routes.
A police spokesman said that more than 1100 traffic officers including 42 inspectors will be deployed on the main procession route to help police and other security agencies ensure smooth flow of vehicular traffic. According to the traffic plan, the vehicular traffic will be diverted to alternate routes from 19 different points on the route of the main procession and a large number of traffic wardens would be deployed on such diversion points. The main Yom-e-Ali procession will appear from Mubarak Havaily inside Bhatti Gate and will move forwarded towards Chowk Nawab Saab, Chohotta Mufti Baqar, Chowk Taranum, Hakeeman Bazaar and Chowk Bhatti and will culminate at Karbala Gamay Shah. Chief traffic officer SSP Rai Ijaz Ahmed said that the traffic police department approved a comprehensive plan to facilitate motorists. The wardens are given special directives to keep an eye on all suspected persons and cars besides maintaining smooth flow traffic. –Staff Reporter
Trader shot dead
LAHORE: A 43-year-old man was shot and killed by two motorcyclists in Badami Bagh area on Wednesday evening, police said. Police identified the victim as Haji Muhammad, a resident of Hussain Park. Police were yet to ascertain the motives behind the fatal shooting. However, it seemed that the man was killed by gunmen as he tried to fight back armed bandits. A police investigator said that they were investigating the killing, keeping in mind different aspects of the incident. “The possibility of robbery-cum-murder could not be ruled out, at this stage. Investigations are underway to unearth the attackers,” a police officer said, requesting his name not to be mentioned. According to initial investigations, Haji Muhammad was sitting outside his shop near Lohay Wali Pully when two gunmen riding on a motorcycle appeared there. They opened straight fire on the shopkeeper after a brief argument and then fled on their two-wheeler. The victim sustained multiple bullet injuries and died on the spot. The police later shifted the body to the morgue for autopsy. Investigators were at the crime scene till filing of this report. No arrest was made yet. –Staff Reporter
Money changers held
LAHORE: The Federal Investigation Agency Wednesday claimed to have arrested two persons allegedly involved in illegal business of Hawala Hundi.
The FIA team also recovered cash and other material supposed to be used in business during a raid at Begum Kot area of Shahdara, Lahore. A spokesman for the agency said that upon receipt of information regarding illegal business, a raid was conducted by team headed by Muhammad Noman Raza SI. The accused, namely Abdul Sattar, was found involved in the illegal business. During search of premises, an amount of Rs42,500, manual receipts ledgers, cash deposit slips, and mobile phones were recovered. A case FIR No 93/2017 under section 4,8,23 FER ACT, 4 AMLA Act FIA/CCC has been registered against the accused. –Staff Reporter
Prayers for Warraich's uncle
LAHORE: Prayer for Ch Khalid Mehmood, the uncle of senior analyst Suhail Warraich, who passed away on Monday, will be held today between 5.30 to 6.30 pm at 5-J Model Town, Lahore. His funeral prayer was offered in his native village at Jamia Masjid Ghausia, Joharabad District Khushab. His Rasm-e-Qul was held on Tuesday at 11 Wahdat Colony Joharabad, Khushab. For further information, contact Mr Suhail Warraich at 03008456822. –PR
No bail to kidney ‘thieves'
LAHORE: A judicial magistrate Wednesday turned down bail application of three suspects involved in illegal kidney transplantation scam. Naheed Akter, Syed Aamir Raza and Safiya Bibi, the three suspects had moved post arrest bail petitions saying that they were not involved in the scam. They requested the court to grant them bail. However, the FIA opposed their bails. On previous hearing, the court had denied bail to two Omani nationals including Munira Ahmed and Eesa Ali accused of buying kidneys from the local agents. –Staff Reporter
Prof Dr Fawad, Dr Altamash and seven other suspects were arrested on charges of illegal transplantation of kidneys and sale of human organs in and outside the country. The suspects, during investigation, revealed that among the donors were a rickshaw driver Amir and female Roushni who were promised to be paid Rs150,000 each. –Staff Reporter
Amir decided to sell his kidney to pay back his loan while Roushni could not be able to give her statement due to excessive bleeding, the official said, adding that the FIA arranged a professor from Mayo hospital to look after her.
The FIA officials said among the recipients were two Omani nationals who paid Rs4 million per head to the doctors for transplantation and added that they did not take donors and victims into custody since they were already trapped by the doctors.
Newspaper reaction to ITV racing PICTURE: RP GRAPHICS
How the national media reacted to ITV racing
AMID much fanfare racing has returned to ITV after 32 years, attracting widespread scrutiny in Britain's newspapers and providing the sport with the sort of column inches it normally attracts only at major festivals.
And their reaction to ITV Racing's debut at a rain-sodden Cheltenham on New Year's Day was largely positive.
Lead host Ed Chamberlin, who had been lured from Sky, was praised for his assured performance. Alan Tyres of The Daily Telegraph felt the presenter had a "good dynamic" with analysts Sir Anthony McCoy and Luke Harvey, with Steve Jones of The Sun saying the pair of former jockeys had "the makings of a good double act".
Of the on-screen team it was the performance of Matt Chapman, deployed in a roving reporter role, which most polarised opinion. Mark Souster of The Times praised his "energy and enthusiasm", but Chris Goulding in The Express thought he was "bordering on becoming an irritant".
Challenging conditions
Souster added that "Chamberlin was at ease", testament to his professionalism as conditions in the exposed parade ring were certainly challenging.
"Not since Steve McClaren was seen drowning as England manager has the basic brolly played such a prominent part in sport's broadcasting," said Jonathan McEvoy in the Daily Mail - and the decision to brave the elements was certainly a big talking point.
Tyres felt the lack of a studio helped to create a good atmosphere, but Souster argued a contingency plan should have been put in place once it became apparent that conditions were so poor.
Chris Cook of The Guardian was more critical than most and said: "ITV Racing's impressive roster of talent did not combine to make the powerful, confident first broadcast for which producers must have hoped."
The Guardian also noted a concern, widely shared in other quarters, that the on-screen graphics were too small to read.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): The Neelum Jhelum hydroelectric project will be ready for inauguration on February 28 next year, the Prime Minister was briefed by officials on Wednesday.
Chairman Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) Lt Gen
Lieutenant General (Retd) Muzammil Hussain updated Prime Minister
Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on ongoing electricity projects here at the PM
House.
The Prime Minister had tasked the newly appointed Chairman WAPDA to speed up execution of crucially significant hydro power projects, meeting the deadlines set for their completion.
The left tunnel connection of the Neelum Jhelum project was completed by October 23, 2016 while the right tunnel connection will be completed by April 30, 2017.
The project's dry test is scheduled for December 2017 while the wet test will be undertaken by February 1 next year by generating electricity and start earning revenue of US$15 million.
The second unit of Neelum Jhelum will be operational by March 15, 2018 while the 3rd and 4th unit by April 15.
The Chairman further briefed that speedy execution was underway on Kachhi Canal Project which consist of main canal and distribution system.
The project will provide irrigation water to an area of 72,000 acres in Dera Bugti, after its completion in August this year.
A total of 9,917 acres of land acquisition will be completed by May 2017 for the 2,160 MW Dasu hydro power project.
The ground-breaking of main works on Dasu project by the Prime
Minister will be performed in June 2017 and the project will be completed at cost of US$ 4,300 million.
The Golen Gol hydro project will produce electricity three times more than the requirements of Chitral. This run of the river project is located on Golen Gol Nullah, a majority tributary of Mastuj River.
The project will have a 3.8 km long tunnel with an installed capacity of 108 MW to be completed with a cost of Rs 29.077 billion by December 2017.
Tarbela 4th Extension Project will enhance the capacity of the project from 3,478 MW to 4,888 MW and the first unit of the extension will be commissioned in December 2017. The 2nd and 3rd units will be commissioned by the mid of 2018.
Mon, Aug 14: A Saskatoon construction site looked more like a river on Monday. A punctured pipe sent water spewing through the Silverspring area, slowing down traffic and damaging property. Ryan Kessler reports.
ISLAMABAD, Feb 15 (APP): President Mamnoon Hussain on Wednesday commiserated with the bereaved families who lost their loved ones in Mohmand Agency blast.
The President said the nation was indebted to those who sacrificed their lives in foiling the terrorist bid.
Strongly condemning the Mohmand Agency blast, the President said all possible measures would be taken to ensure security of life and property of the people by eliminating terrorism.
He lauded the concerned authorities on foiling the terror bid in Mohmand Agency, according to a press release.
The President also prayed for salvation of the departed souls.
Sam Smith's highly anticipated follow-up to his Grammy-winning debut arrives next month.
Titled “The Thrill of It All,” the new album will drop Nov. 3.
Opening with his comeback single “Too Good at Goodbyes,” the 10-track record sees Smith working with longtime collaborator and friend Jimmy Napes as well as widening his palette and drafting Malay, Stargate, Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd and, probably most surprising, Timbaland.
The British crooner also revealed the first dates of what will be a lengthy world tour in support of the new record.
The tour, which is named after the album, opens June 18 in Toronto and includes a two-night stint at Staples Center on Aug. 28-29 before wrapping in Calgary, Canada, on Sept. 13.
To mark the announcement, Smith also shared the album's closing track, "Pray." Produced by Timbaland, the gospel-tinged track is a stirring number about searching for hope. Those who pre-ordered the album on streaming services got their hands on the track today.
"I lift up my head and the world is on fire / There's dread in my heart and fear in my bones / And I just don't know what to say," he sings. "Maybe I'll pray."
Tickets for the North American run go on sale Oct. 12, with a special pre-sale for fans on the singer's website.
Each ticket purchased will come with a physical copy of Smith's new album.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WOODSON TERRACE, MO (KPLR) - A man is in critical and stable condition after he was shot early Monday morning in Woodson Terrace.
Just after 2 a.m., police got a call about a shooting on the 9300 block of Tutwiler Avenue. Police said the victim was shot by another man who then fled the scene. The victim was taken to a nearby hospital.
The suspect ran to the Dollar General on Woodson Road where, at one point, it was believed the suspect was on the roof of the building. Police surrounded the building, but when they closed in the suspect was no where to be found.
Police shut down the area where Tutwiler Ave. and Gordon Avenue meet while searching for the suspect and evidence. Police cleared the scene shortly before 8 a.m.
Police believe they have recovered the handgun used during the shooting. The gun has been sent for ballistic testing.
Neither man lived at the residence where the shooting took place. It is unknown how they are connected to the home or to each other. Police are still investigating what led to the shooting.
Police said they are interviewing two witnesses and are confident they know who the suspected shooter is.
After we broke the story last week that Apple was acquiring London-based music and image recognition service Shazam, Apple will be confirming the news today, we have heard. It is purchasing the startup — one of the earliest players in the world of mobile music — as part of its bigger ambitions in the music business.
We have been told by multiple sources that the news should be out some time between 8am and 9am Pacific. Apple is not likely to disclose the price but we have several sources that have confirmed to us that the deal is in the region of $400 million.
Sources also tell us that Apple's deal had been in the works for about five months and came after Shazam had been in talks with others, including Snapchat and Spotify.
Apple generally does not spell out the details of how it plans to use acquisitions, but there are a number of areas where Shazam's current business overlaps with that of Apple's, making for an interesting range of possibilities for where and how the two will work together. (We will also keep our eye out for any official statements from the company that might also shed more light on this.)
Shazam's core business is in music recognition: people use its app to capture a clip of music that is playing, and then it matches that against its large database to tell you what you are listening to, a business that has brought the company over 1 billion downloads of its app to date.
Over the years Shazam has augmented this with a number of other services: it sends users through to other sites to download and listen to the music at their leisure; it provides more information to users about the music and the artists behind it; it keeps charts of popular music based on the clips that it hears and that people want identified. It's also branched out into more marketing services based around visual recognition — essentially augmented reality plays where users can capture snaps of images that lead them to more content from a brand or another organization.
Through all of this, Shazam has developed some interesting partnerships, specifically with Apple and Spotify (who together get around 1 million referrals each month via Shazam), and Snapchat, which currently has an integration with Shazam where Snapchat users can “recognize music, engage with Shazam content, and send their music and artist discoveries as Snaps to their friends.” It is no surprise that these are also the three names that we heard were all approached and discussed an acquisition of the startup.
Notably, Shazam had a post-money valuation in its last round of over $1 billion — a far cry from the roughly $400 million that is being paid by Apple. The reason for this, one source says, is that for all of Shazam's popularity and move into revenue-generating areas like marketing, the company never really found a solid business model for the long-term future.
“Shazam should have moved into streaming music years ago,” the source said, “which is one reason why the Apple deal makes so much sense.” Spotify, as a point of comparison, has healthy recurring revenues from subscriptions and Apple Music has both subscriptions and downloads — not to mention the wider use of Apple Music and the ecosystem pull it gives Apple for its wider hardware business. That hints at some interesting integrations coming up.
Some backstory about how the deal got done between the two:
Apple and Shazam have had a friendly relationship for years, but the catalyst was that pending bid from Snap. As Recode first reported, the Snapchat parent had entertained buying the company.
It turns out that the conversations with Snap began about six months ago, after advisor Goldman Sachs drummed up interest. Snap was open to acquisition talks because its integration with Shazam's music recognition technology had been going well.
But Snap has had a volatile time on the stock market since it went public in March, and so Shazam was getting mixed messages about how much the social media platform would be willing to pay.
Shazam's conversations with Apple began the following month, and they became exclusive about two months ago. From what we understand, the Spotify talks were earlier and couldn't progress because of the price, and likely also the fact that Spotify, which is gearing up for a public listing, has a lot on its plate right now.
Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services, saw an opportunity for Shazam to help build out its music business. Since the days of the iPod, music has long been a priority for the company. Lately, it's been focused on enhancing its Spotify competitor, Apple Music.
Cue believes that Shazam could help improve its offering and liked that the app had moved beyond music discovery, building out artist pages and other music-related content.
Shazam already integrates with Apple Music, referring many of its 100 million users to play songs on its platform. It also lets users buy the music directly via iTunes.
Neither Apple nor Shazam have returned our earlier requests for comment.
Featured Image: TechCrunch
It would be illegal for Illinois state or local government employees to forcibly remove travelers from flights under a bill introduced by a state lawmaker on Monday after a United Airlines passenger was dragged from an aircraft last week.
The Airline Passenger Protection Act, sponsored by Republican state Representative Peter Breen, comes after Dr. David Dao, 69, was pulled from a United flight at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport to help make space for four crew members.
The treatment of Dao sparked international outrage, as well as multiple apologies from the carrier, and raised questions about the overbooking policies of airlines.
Under Breen's measure, passengers could not be removed from flights by state or local government authorities unless they were presenting a danger to themselves or others, a public emergency was taking place or the passenger had caused a serious disturbance, according to a copy of the bill introduced in the state capital, Springfield.
“A commercial airline that removes validly seated customers without serious cause breaches the sacred trust between passengers and their airlines,” the bill said.
READ MORE: Couple reported kicked off United flight on the way to their destination wedding
The legislation would also bar the state of Illinois from making travel arrangements, doing business with or having investments in any commercial airline that maintained a policy of removing paying passengers to make room for employees traveling on non-revenue tickets.
Dao, who was traveling to Louisville, Kentucky, on April 9, suffered a broken nose, a concussion and lost two teeth when he was pulled from his seat by officers from the Chicago Department of Aviation's security force to make room for four employees on the overbooked flight.
The three officers, who have not been named, were put on paid leave last week, the department said.
“The treatment of the passenger in last week's incident at O'Hare is inexcusable and must be stopped,” Breen said in a statement.
“It reflected badly on the airline, the City of Chicago, and the State of Illinois.”
United said on Friday it was changing its policy on booking its flight crews onto its own planes following the incident. The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the Illinois bill.
Lawyers for Dao have moved to preserve evidence from the flight, filing a motion to keep surveillance videos and other materials related to United Flight 3411 in preparation for a possible lawsuit.
The city and United agreed to preserve the evidence, Dao's attorney said on Saturday.
The chemical-intensive industrial model of agriculture has secured the status of ‘thick legitimacy'. This status stems from on an intricate web of processes successfully spun in the scientific, policy and political arenas. Its status allows the model to persist and appear normal and necessary. This perceived legitimacy derives from the lobbying, financial clout and political power of agribusiness conglomerates which, throughout the course of the last century (and continued today), set out to capture or shape government departments, public institutions, the agricultural research paradigm, international trade and the cultural narrative concerning food and agriculture.
Critics of this system are immediately attacked for being anti-science, for forwarding unrealistic alternatives, for endangering the lives of billions who would starve to death and for being driven by ideology and emotion. Strategically placed industry mouthpieces like Jon Entine, Owen Paterson and Henry Miller perpetuate such messages in the media and influential industry-backed bodies like the Science Media Centre feed journalists with agribusiness spin.
From Canada to the UK, governments work hand-in-glove with the industry to promote its technology over the heads of the public. A network of scientific bodies and regulatory agencies that supposedly serve the public interest have been subverted by the presence of key figures with industry links, while the powerful industry lobby hold sway over bureaucrats and politicians.
Monsanto played a key part in drafting the WTO Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights to create seed monopolies and the global food processing industry had a leading role in shaping the WTO Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (see this). From Codex, the Knowledge Initiative on Agriculture aimed at restructuring Indian agriculture to the proposed US-EU trade deal (TTIP), the powerful agribusiness lobby has secured privileged access to policymakers to ensure its preferred model of agriculture prevails.
In her numerous documents, Dr Rosemary Mason has highlighted high-level collusion and subterfuge that has served to keep glyphosate on the commercial market. Claire Robinson and Jonathan Latham have described how an industry-backed campaign set out to smear science and scientists which were critical of proprietary technology. And Carol Van Strum and Evaggelos Vallianatos have indicated fraud and corruption involving the US Environmental Protection Agency that have resulted in industry interests prevailing at the expense of public health and the environment.
On a wider more geopolitical level, Michel Chossudovsky has examined how transnational agribusiness working with USAID effectively dismantled indigenous agriculture in Ethiopia. Ukraine's agriculture sector is being opened up to Monsanto. Iraq's seed laws were changed to facilitate the entry of Monsanto. India's edible oils sector was undermined to facilitate the entry of Cargill.
Whether it involves the effects of NAFTA in Mexico or the ongoing struggle against the Monsanto across South America, traditional methods of farming are being supplanted by globalised supply chains dominated by transnational companies policies and the imposition of corporate-controlled, chemical-intensive (monocrop) agriculture.
The ultimate coup d'tat by the transnational agribusiness conglomerates is that government officials, scientists and journalists take as given that profit-driven Fortune 500 corporations have a legitimate claim to be custodians of natural assets. These corporations have convinced so many that they have ultimate legitimacy to own and control what is essentially humanity's common wealth. There is the premise that water, food, soil and agriculture should be handed over to powerful transnational corporations to milk for profit, under the pretence these entities are somehow serving the needs of humanity.
Tearing down the façade of legitimacy
In recent times, Dr Rosemary Mason has been campaigning against the effects of agrochemicals on human health and the environment. She has a nature reserve in South Wales and noticed that flora and fauna was becoming increasingly degraded to the point that the reserve now resembles little more than a dead zone in comparison to what it had once been.
In her dozens of carefully researched and fully-referenced letters to key officials in the UK, EU and US, Dr Mason has documented the effects agrochemicals on her nature reserve as well as on health and the environment not only in Wales but globally.
She has, moreover, gone to great lengths to describe the political links between industry and various government departments, regulatory agencies and key committees that have effectively ensured that ‘business as usual' prevails.
Mason recently received a response from Public Health England (PHE) to this open letter she had sent to the four chief medical officers for England, Scotland Wales and Ireland. The PHE enquiries team which responded to Mason failed to answer any of her questions about the cosy relationship between the British government, the agrochemical corporations, the pharmaceutical industry and the corporate media.
The response did not even acknowledge the warning given by the UN Human Rights Council about the dangers of pesticides in food and water and how this especially undermines the development and rights of children.
Not to put too fine a point on it, the PHE reply is along the lines of thanks, now move along because officialdom has everything covered.
Clearly, given the concerns raised by Mason, things are not ‘covered'. In a new letter to the chief medical officer for England, she spells out the unsatisfactory nature of the response received from PHE and also attaches this 45-page document that sets out why the response is both inadequate and wholly flawed. The contents of Mason's document are below. Readers are urged to read the document in full as well as her initial open letter to PHE.
Where have all our insects and birds gone? 1 Widespread global contamination with pesticides 3 Emerging pathogens wipe out wildlife species 8 British Government in the hands of the pesticides industry 10 Farming with chemicals 14 UK ‘watchdogs' are controlled by corporations 15 The science behind GMOs is fraudulent 22 We are eating food poisoned with pesticides 23 UN warns about the dangers of pesticides 25 Chemical damage to the brains of our children 27 Other diseases associated with glyphosate 28 The International Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague 36 The Monsanto Papers 39 Monsanto's activities in Wales 41 Conflicts of interest in the European Commission 41 Evidence that the health of British people is deteriorating 43 US Scientists sound the alarm over global mass poisoning 44
Whether it concerns PHE or any of the other bodies Mason has written to over the years, any response she has received is usually quite dismissive of her concerns.
But is this any surprise? The corporations which promote industrial agriculture and the agrochemicals Mason campaigns against have embedded themselves deeply within the policy-making machinery on both national and international levels. The US government has indeed promoted an exploitative ‘stuffed and starved‘ strategy that weds consumers and farmers across the world to the needs of transnational agribusiness and its proprietary inputs.
From the overall narrative that industrial agriculture is necessary to feed the world to providing lavish research grants and the capture of important policy-making institutions, global agribusiness has secured a perceived thick legitimacy within policymakers' mindsets and mainstream discourse.
If you – as a key figure in a public body – believe that your institution and society's main institutions and the influence of corporations on them are basically sound, then you are probably not going to challenge or question the overall status quo. Once you have indicated an allegiance to these institutions – as such figures do by the very fact they are part of them and often receive good salaries as employees – it is ‘irrational' to oppose their policies, the very ones you are there to promote.
And it becomes quite ‘natural' to oppose with dogmatic-like zeal any research findings, analyses or questions which question the system and by implication your role in it. Little surprise therefore that Rosemary Mason appears to run into a brick wall each time she raises issues with key figures.
But once you realise and acknowledge that the integrity of society's institutions have been eroded by corporate money, funding and influence – and once you are in a position to offer a credible alternative to corporate agriculture and all it entails based on authentic values that are diametrically opposed to those of corporate conglomerates – you can ask some very pertinent questions that strip away perceived legitimacy.
The questions being asked by Rosemary Mason and others are part of the wider process of stripping away the fabricated reality and perceived legitimacy that the whole system of industrial agriculture rests on.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Colin Todhunter , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/industrial-agriculture-and-the-agrochemical-industry-tearing-down-the-facade-of-legitimacy/5628061
Damien Woody and Herm Edwards expect Philadelphia to defeat Arizona with a big week from RB LeGarrette Blount. (0:36)
PHILADELPHIA -- Eagles standout defensive tackle Fletcher Cox has been ruled out for Sunday's game against the Arizona Cardinals with a calf injury.
Despite head coach Doug Pederson's assertion that Cox is "doing well", he'll be sidelined for a second straight week.
"It's Week 5 and we've got a lot of football left and he's progressing nicely so we've just got to be careful," said Pederson.
Beau Allen will replace Cox in the starting lineup.
Fletcher Cox is dealing with a calf injury that will keep him out against the Cardinals. Eric Hartline/USA TODAY Sports
Running back Wendell Smallwood is also in jeopardy of missing Sunday's game. He suffered a knee injury against the Chargers and hasn't practiced all week. He's officially listed as questionable and was deemed a game-time decision by Pederson, but it's rare for a player to not practice during the week and then play on Sunday.
His absence would mean an increased workload for LeGarrette Blount and undrafted rookie free agent Corey Clement. Kenjon Barner, signed just last week after Darren Sproles was lost for the season, could be the No. 3 option.
Blount has hit his stride of late and is coming off a 16-carry, 136-yard performance in L.A. He'll lead the charge against a Cardinals defense that ranks fifth in opponent yards per attempt (3.2).
Middlesbrough slid closer to the Premier League exit door with defeat at home to Arsenal last night.
Mesut Ozil fired home a 71st-minute winner to finally kill off the battling home side, who had dragged themselves back into the game when Alvaro Negredo cancelled out Alexis Sanchez's first-half free-kick five minutes after the restart.
The 2-1 triumph - the Gunners' first league away win for three months - lifted Arsene Wenger's men seven points behind fourth-placed Manchester City, with a game in hand.
However, the visitors had to fight all the way in front of a crowd of 31,298 at the Riverside, with Steve Agnew's Boro making up for what they may lack in quality with a committed display which for long periods looked like earning them tangible reward.
They kicked off knowing another failure to win - they have not managed a league victory since December 17 - would represent a major blow to their dwindling survival hopes.
The home side started brightly, with skipper Grant Leadbitter going just wide from distance with four minutes gone and high over from similar range 21 minutes later.
In the meantime, striker Negredo had attempted to catch returning goalkeeper Petr Cech off his line from all of 40 yards and was not too far off target, while Marten de Roon saw a header correctly ruled out for offside.
But Antonio Barragan had to head Aaron Ramsey's 28th-minute volley off the line before goalkeeper Brad Guzan gratefully clutched Sanchez's attempt to his chest after it reared up off the rain-soaked turf seconds later.
The deadlock was broken three minutes before the break when, after Granit Xhaka had been felled by Adam Clayton 20 yards out, Sanchez curled the resulting free-kick past the static Guzan to give his side the lead.
Boro resumed in determined fashion with Stewart Downing lining up on the right, enjoying early success, and it was he who picked out Negredo's 50th-minute run into the box for the Spaniard to stab home a precious equaliser.
Downing was presented with a half-chance to fire his side ahead five minutes later when Nacho Monreal could only help substitute George Friend's cross into his path, but he blazed high and wide from a tight angle.
Agnew's men would have been in front with 61 minutes gone had it not been for Cech, who parried central defender Daniel Ayala's close-range header after Friend had turned Downing's free-kick back across goal.
However, it was Arsenal who restored their advantage with 19 minutes remaining when Ramsey laid off Sanchez's cross for Ozil, who had been enduring a quiet evening, to fire past the helpless Guzan, who denied Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain a third at the death.
Middlesbrough: Guzan, Barragan, Ayala, Gibson, Da Silva (Friend 17), Clayton, de Roon (Gestede 79), Leadbitter, Downing, Negredo, Ramirez (Traore 68). Subs Not Used: Konstantopoulos, Bernardo, Bamford, Forshaw. Booked: Leadbitter, Gestede. Goals: Negredo 50.
Arsenal: Cech, Gabriel, Koscielny, Holding, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ramsey, Xhaka, Monreal, Ozil (Bellerin 90), Sanchez (Coquelin 90), Giroud. Subs Not Used: Gibbs, Walcott, Iwobi, Martinez, Elneny. Booked: Oxlade-Chamberlain, Gabriel. Goals: Sanchez 42, Ozil 71.
Att: 31,298 Refs: Anthony Taylor
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Watch: Trailer for Vikram Bhatt's 1921 is out, and it is humorously scary
After Raaz, Raaz 3D, Raaz Reboot, Haunted 3D, Shaapit, Creature 3D and 1920, Vikram Bhatt has decided to grace the horror genre with his new ultra-scary, spine-chilling offering, 1921. Based entirely in the United Kingdom, 1921 is a story about a rich, influential Indian who moves to the erstwhile colonial power to study music. Everything is going perfectly for Ayush, played by Karan Kundrra, before he makes a grave mistake.
He meets Rose — played by Zareen Khan — a Hindi speaking Indian girl in London in 1921 who can see spirits. Then the unimaginable happens: Ayush and Rose fall in love. If you think that a scary flick won't be so scary when a romantic angle is attached to it, then you're right. But this is Bollywood so making a movie without two people falling in love over a Arijit Singh-esque song in the background is almost impossible.
What happens next is strange, to say the least. You see the two characters, an Indian immigrant in England studying music and a ghost whisperer named Rose, ball dance and make-out in the dangerously haunted mansion while trying to figure out what the evil spirit is up to. There are multiple evil sightings: female figures running around, a blood-drenched soldier popping-up, and Conjuring-like attempts at making you tremble in your seats.
The ghost seems to be quite racist (given that its set in 1921 England). Its preferred method of killing victims, as written down by the ghost itself, is "First you go black, then you die". This is exactly like greyscale from Game of Thrones, but it turns you black. For someone who can see ghosts, Rose surely gets startled by them a lot. These ghosts seem to continuously approach her from behind, leaving her distraught.
The duo figure out that they have to zabardasti give mukti to the spirits in order to end their trouble. The movie follows their quest to achieve exactly that. And, love story, of course.
You can watch the trailer below.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Canada missed its second chance to qualify for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, falling 70-60 to Uruguay after a two-game, aggregate-goals series.
Uruguay beat the Canadian squad 32-31 in the second leg on Saturday at Estadio Charrua to solidify their victory. The Uruguayan team won the first leg in Vancouver last weekend 38-29.
Canada will have one final chance at qualification via a repechage tournament in November, likely in France. There, the 21st-ranked Canadian men will likely face several higher-ranked countries for the tournament's final berth.
Canada has never missed a Rugby World Cup. A loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time the Canadian men had failed to qualify on the first attempt.
No. 18 Uruguay slots into Group D for the 2019 tournament in Japan as America 2, alongside No. 4 Australia, No. 7 Wales, No. 10 Fiji and No. 12 Georgia.
The Canadians, who needed a win by 10 points or more Saturday, looked strong at the outset as they compiled a 15-0 advantage. But Uruguay began to chip at the lead from there and the Canadians went into halftime up 18-10 in the game but down on aggregate.
Uruguay came out firing in the second, scoring a try less than two minutes in to cut the deficit further. The Uruguayans took their first lead of the match in the 65th minute on a try from Santiago Vilaseca.
Vilaseca led the Uruguayan side with two tries. Ignacio Dotti and Juan Manuel Cat Piccardo had the others.
DTH Van der Merve scored twice for Canada while Taylor Paris and Djustice Sears-Duru added tries.
Van der Merve scored his second try of the game in the dying seconds to bring Canada within one, but Brock Staller missed the conversion.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
According to trends of the results of the by-elections for four Lok Sabha seats and 11 Vidhan Sabha seats across 10 states available at the time of writing, the BJP has sufficient reasons to worry.
The figures currently available, also show that the Congress, if it wishes to stage a revival on the national stage, has to focus and maximise gains immediately in states, regions and seats where it is either locked in a bipolar contest with the ruling party or is a dominant player. Only if it has a sizeable number of seats in its kitty from this lot will the party stand a chance of emerging as a player of significance.
Likewise, the task cut out for big regional parties opposed to BJP is to align with other opposition parties to forge all-embracing alliances against the ruling party. Even smaller regional parties which have a significant presence in just a small number of seats or very small regions, must not be over-ambitious and field more candidates as a division of anti-BJP votes will spell doom for all these parties.
The big story is the Kairana bypoll in Uttar Pradesh. A western Uttar Pradesh seat in the heart of what is termed Jat land, it was won by the BJP in 2014 in the wake of the Muzaffarnagar riots in 2013 which triggered unprecedented levels of communal polarisation in the region. This was evident in the party candidate, Hukum Singh securing more than 50 percent vote share, even more than the total votes of the Samajwadi Party, Bahujan Samaj Party and Rashtriya Lok Dal candidates, contesting separately. The Congress did not contest the poll.
The BJP hegemony held firm during the 2017 Assembly elections too and its won four of the five Assembly seats which are part of the Lok Sabha seat. One of the primary reason for the BJP doing so well in a seat where Muslims account for almost 35 percent of voters, is Hindu consolidation in 2014 which remained firm in the Assembly polls last year. It was evident from the results that not just OBCs and upper castes rallied behind BJP, but even Dalits backed the saffron party in significant numbers.
The trends so far suggest significant dent in this consolidated Hindu vote base. That the disenchantment with BJP extends to Noorpur Assembly constituency in neighbouring Bijnore district, shows that the Hindutva wave has not worked this time and resentment against the BJP for its social policies got intertwined with farmers' anger over non-payment of sugarcane dues despite promises the Centre and the state government.
Clearly, Jat animosity towards Muslims has been diluted in Western Uttar Pradesh and the tactical gamble of the united opposition to put up a Muslim candidate, Tabassum Begum, has worked and proved that the BJP's past strategy of 'reverse polarisation' in seats numerically dominated by Muslims, has not worked this time. This has exposed the limitations of the Hindutva card starkly for the first time in a communally sensitive seat.
Additionally, this was a seat that the BJP contested more keenly than Phulpur and Gorakhpur. Even Prime Minister Narendra Modi controversially addressed a public rally in adjoining Baghpat a day before voting and after campaigning formally ended. His rally after inaugurating the Eastern Peripheral Expressway had drawn criticism because his speech was essentially political in nature.
In Uttar Pradesh, it is thereby evident now, the BJP will face a major challenge in wake of the all-out opposition unity. This will add to the worrying signal from Bihar where the BJP's partner, Nitish Kumar's Janata Dal (United) is possibly heading for a comprehensive defeat. This will be quick on the heels of electoral reverses in by elections in March this year. With Uttar Pradesh and Bihar accounting for 120 Lok Sabha seats of which the BJP and its allies won 104 of these seats, the scenario is getting scary for the party. It is anyone's guess if the loss in these two states would be compensated adequately in states where the party did not do as well in 2014.
The overlying message from the by election results is that the BJP is managing to hold on to those seats where opposition votes are getting divided. This is most evident in the Palghar (ST) Lok Sabha seat in Maharashtra where the BJP was ahead, primarily because the anti-BJP vote was split after the Shiv Sena also fielded a candidate.
In addition to this, for Jharkhand's Gomia assembly constituency the BJP and All Jharkhand Students Union (AJSU) contested against each other despite the latter being part of the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) alliance. This is clearly indicative of BJP's continuing problems with allies and adds to the problem stemming from the deteriorating ties with allies.
For the BJP, the by election results are likely to demonstrate the danger of the continuous rise in the Index of Opposition Unity. Likewise, for opposition parties it is prudent to keep reminding one another the old proverb -- united we stand, divided we fall.
By Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Indian stocks are expected to erase recent losses and rise a little this year, but an array of political developments at home and overseas along with just a steady economic growth outlook will likely restrain the market, a Reuters poll showed.
While the Indian stock index gained nearly 7 percent in January and hit a lifetime high, it is down about 4 percent since then, tracking the rout in global equities as worries of a trade war between the U.S. and China intensified.
The consensus from the latest Reuters poll of over 50 strategists and brokers taken May 21-30 points to gains for the BSE Sensex .
The index, which is up 2.6 percent for the year, is now expected to gain 1.7 percent from Tuesday's close to 35,550 by end-2018. It is then forecast to hit a fresh record high of 36,300 by the middle of next year.
But over a third of respondents forecast the index to be lower then, including one strategist who expects it to dip to 27,500, a level not seen since January last year.
The consensus view is also the weakest six-month outlook since at least the financial crisis and is also a slight downgrade compared to three months ago.
A majority of poll respondents attributed their views to national election results or political developments outside the country.
More than half the losses so far this year have come after an inconclusive Karnataka state election earlier this month. That has also coincided with the turmoil in global financial markets amid the political chaos in Italy.
"Ahead of the next year's general election and ongoing global political uncertainties, the stock market will not show any large up or down move, remaining consolidated," said Vedant Manore, a consultant and trader at ‎Edelweiss Financial Services.
"But, if the (current) government wins the majority of seats in Parliament, stock prices would rally on hopes of quick policy decisions."
Indeed, the more tempered view for a market used to double-digit gains in recent years was driven by the political situation in Karnataka which has clouded the outlook for general elections next year.
The surge in crude oil prices, India's biggest import item, has also weighed on stocks as it is inflationary and may push the Reserve Bank of India to raise rates much earlier than previously thought - possibly as soon as August. [RBI/INT]
India's economy probably gained a little momentum in the first three months of 2018 which should ensure that it remains the world's fastest growing major economy, a separate Reuters poll showed.
Still, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold $1.4 billion of Indian stocks this month, in line with a wide sell-off in emerging markets, driven by the recent rise in U.S. Treasury yields.
After hitting a 10-year high of 25.69 in January, the BSE Sensex price-to-earnings ratio fell to 23.44 in May - above the long-term average of 18.74, suggesting stock prices are still expensive.
(To read other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll)
(Polling by Sarmista Sen and Khushboo Mittal; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
The folks at Digital Music News have once again picked up the rumor that Apple's iTunes Store is one swan song away from closure. According to confidential sources, the publication claims the service may shut down by 2019; these appear to be the same sources that first spread the rumor back in May of 2016, which prompted Apple PR representative Tom Neumayr to give Recode a definitive "Not true."
9to5Mac received the same "It's not true" earlier on Monday after querying Apple reps about DMN's latest report, to which I say: Is anyone surprised?
Even if this oft-repeated rumor were true, you wouldn't hear it on-record from Apple's PR department: We'd see an official release from the company itself if and when it became necessary to shut down the store.
Regardless, I don't see that happening anytime soon. The iTunes platform may be bloated and confused, but the music store isn't the source of its problems; that has to do with software design and messaging.
Yes, streaming services are by and large how we get our digital audio these days. Whether you're listening to Apple Music or a podcast subscription service like Earwolf, the likelihood that you've purchased recordings of said audio has gone down significantly over the last decade.
But even if purchase numbers drop to nothing, Apple still has next to no incentive to shut down the music store. The company already has the basic infrastructure in place for selling worldwide, and will continue to use it as long as it sells TV shows, films, and ringtones; there's little extra cost to use that platform for music. Bandwidth, too, should be little issue, given that Apple by necessity keeps a repository of digital music for streaming courtesy its iCloud Music Library and iTunes Match service.
The biggest cost Apple might incur in this arena is licensing: We don't know whether Apple is negotiating separate licensing deals for streaming and purchasing with its record labels, or they're decided as one lump contract. If the former, it might behoove the company to find a way to negotiate both at once, but it's also not a deal-breaker.
Because, at the end of the day, the music store generates revenue. It may not generate the behemoth profit it once did, but as long as the music store is still profitable for Apple, it's still worth running.
There's also the consideration of international sales to be had: Many countries have yet to gain access to Apple Music. Without full subscription support, shutting off music sales could rob Apple of a vital toehold in the music industry of that country.
Here's what I think will happen: iTunes, as we know it, is dying. Apple has all but moved away from the "I" branding, and rightfully so. As it evolves in the modern music and television space, Apple needs to build a brand that supports that mission. The iTunes app on the Mac is a mess; the iTunes app on the iPhone has been shunted off to a corner.
I don't see the death of Apple's music store in the next few years. But I can see a day where Apple integrates its existing purchasing services into its streaming options. Stream this album for $9.99 a month, but if you want to own it? Press this button and this track is yours forever. You can see a very primitive version of this in action with Apple's movie rental business: While rentals are time-limited in a way that subscription services are not, it still hooks into two very different frameworks while giving a seamless end-result to users.
Could Apple get rid of music sales someday? Sure. But right now, we've got quite a few more milestones to hit before that's a reality — and I don't see them happening by 2019.
Pakistan's Foreign Minister Khawaja Asif has warned India against carrying out surgical strike or targeting its nuclear installations, saying if that happens nobody should expect restraint from his country.Referring to the statement of India's Air Chief Marshal B S Dhanoa that the Indian armed forces are ready for a full spectrum operation, Asif said Pakistan wants to live in peace and harmony with its neighbours.But if India carries out any surgical strike in Pakistan or strikes at its nuclear installations "nobody should expect restraint from us", he warned.Speaking at the US Institute of Peace, a Washington-based think-tank, Asif said the "relationship with India is at the lowest ebb at the moment".Responding to a question on India, he said, " sadly India did not respond" to Pakistani efforts to improve relationship."What is going on in Kashmir is the biggest roadblock to normalisation to talks," Asif said.The Pakistani Foreign Minister asked the US not to treat his country as a "whipping boy" and said Washington has already lost the war in Afghanistan and is only trying to salvage the situation in the war-torn nation.Asif, who is here as part of efforts to rebuild bilateral ties frayed after President Donald Trump accused Pakistan of sheltering terror groups, said his meetings with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and National Security Advisor H R McMaster were good."Was not bad," Asif quipped, giving a sense of his talks with top leadership of the Trump administration, which has been seeking accountability from Islamabad in the war against terrorism including continued presence of terror safe havens in Pakistan.Asif in a way acknowledged that the madrasas were training ground for terrorists."These madrasas were nurseries for American jihad in Afghanistan. People who took those decisions will burn to hell. We are actually living in hell because of that decision," he said, adding that Pakistan is paying the price of such a decision."The meeting went well with Tillerson and McMaster (meeting) was good. (It) was not bad," Asif said, noting that the two countries need to pursue contacts with each other.He favoured adopting an approach of talks and exchange of views more vigorously.The US, he said, is focusing solely on safe haven allegations or blaming Pakistan for what they have not achieved in Afghanistan."There are many more dimensions of what is going on in Afghanistan," he said."A corrupt government in Kabul, increasing narcotics trade, the Afghan Army selling arms to the Taliban, losing terrorist and bringing Daesh (ISIS) to Afghanistan," he said."Let's see this conflict in its entirety, in totality. Do not treat Pakistan like a whipping boy. That's not acceptable.We want to cooperate with the US. We are the direct beneficiary of peace and stability in Afghanistan," he said.Standing by his remarks on some of the terrorist groups and terrorist leaders at the Asia Society in New York last week, Asif said they are a liability."We will find ways and means to wrapping up this business. This is a liability. (but) this cannot be wrapped up overnight," he said.Responding to a question, Asif said there are problems in US-Pakistan ties."We do have problems with the US. We have deficit of trust. We are trying to mend those deficits," he said.Pakistan, he said, sees more role for Russia and China in the region.
In this Wednesday, March 14, 2018 photo, Egyptian director Ahmed El Attar, sits in a room at his office in Cairo, Egypt. State censors have banned a play, that is part of the Downtown Contemporary Arts Festival, the day of its Cairo premiere, saying it could not be shown without the removal of five scenes. As a result El Attar cancelled two showings of Before the Revolution, a two-actor piece that depicts oppression and stagnation in Egypt before its 2011 popular uprising. Nariman El-Mofty AP Photo
Harvey Weinstein has elected not to testify to a grand jury convened by the Manhattan District Attorney's office, his attorney announced Wednesday.
Weinstein was charged in a criminal complaint on Friday with two counts of rape and one count of a criminal sexual act. He is free on a $1 million bail, and restricted from traveling outside New York and Connecticut. A grand jury is convening to determine whether to issue an indictment on the same allegations. Weinstein's decision not to testify is not a surprise, as it would be unusual to offer his version of events at this stage of the proceedings.
Weinstein's attorney, Benjamin Brafman, did offer a glimpse of his defense, saying that one of the cases is 14 years old and the second involves a victim with whom he had a consensual relationship. In the statement, Brafman also objected to being denied access to “critical information about this case” that would have aided in his defense before the grand jury.
“Not having access to these materials is particularly troubling in this case, where one of the unsupported allegations is more than 14 years old and the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Mr. Weinstein shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years after the alleged incident in 2013,” Brafman said.
Weinstein is accused of forcing Lucia Evans to perform oral sex on him at his Tribeca office in 2004. The second case involves a woman who has not been identified by prosecutors, who alleges that Weinstein raped her in a Manhattan hotel room in 2013.
In the statement, Brafman acknowledged that an indictment is “inevitable,” but blamed District Attorney Cy Vance for bowing to political pressure.
“Mr. Weinstein's attorneys noted that regardless of how compelling Mr. Weinstein's personal testimony might be, an indictment was inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction of Mr. Weinstein,” Brafman said.
Flying a drone in or around the Taj Mahal may land you in jail, but simply booking offenders under strict laws may not be enough. Agra Police is now mulling buying ‘Drone Killers' to make sure that drones that we are too close to the monument is neutralized almost immediately after takeoff, officials told News 18.Vijay Kumar, Additional Director General (ADG) for Agra Zone, visited the historic monument on Tuesday to review the security situation. One of the problems facing cops in-charge of the Taj Mahal's security is drones. According to one report, at least 20 drones were flown close to the Taj in 2017. Cops are now mulling a new strategy.Prabhat Kumar, Circle Officer (Taj Security) said, “A ‘Drone Killer' is a device which acts as a kind of jammer. When we operate a drone killer, it kills the signal which the drone is receiving and it falls to the ground almost instantly since the remote pilot loses control. Due to security reasons, visitors are not allowed to operate drones near the Taj Mahal. So we have decided to take a precautionary measure.”He added, “So far, we have looked at some models that are available online. We are only doing our research on this to see which model is most feasible for us. Soon, we will employ them in the security of the Taj Mahal.”In February, Agra Police had announced that those caught flying drones around the Taj would be booked under serious sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) such as Sections 287 (Negligent conduct with respect to machinery), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others). According to reports, cops also launched an awareness campaign, asking Hotel owners to inform their guests about the anti-drone rule.
A big victory for the people of Delhi...a big victory for democracy... — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) July 4, 2018
Called a meeting of all Cabinet Ministers at 4 pm at my residence to discuss critical projects of public importance which were blocked so far. — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) July 4, 2018
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today hailed the Supreme Court verdict on the power tussle between the Delhi government and the Centre as a "big victory" for the people of the city and for democracy.The apex court has held that Lieutenant Governor Anil Baijal does not have independent decision-making powers, and is bound to act on the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers."A big victory for the people of Delhi...a big victory for democracy...," Kejriwal tweeted soon after the verdict.His deputy Manish Sisodia termed the judgement "historic" and recalled the landmark mandate that the people of Delhi had given to the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) in the Assembly elections in February 2015 when the party won 67 of 70 seats."On behalf of the people of Delhi, I want to thank the Supreme Court and the judges for this historic decision. They have pronounced that the people of Delhi are supreme," Sisodia told reporters."We have not yet read the judgement in full, but what the court has said that people are supreme, elected government will be supreme, and LG has no power to act arbitrarily ('LG ke paas manmani karne ki power nahn hai')," he added.The "historic mandate" given to a new party was for for devethe lopment, welfare of the people and to facilitate resumption of long-pending works, Sisodia said.However, "hurdles" were thrown in the way of the functioning of an elected government through a "wilful interpretation" of the Constitution, he added."Whether it was the issue of installation of CCTV cameras, ration scheme, transfer and posting (of officials), interference was beingcreated," the deputy chief minister added.The apex court decision is a major victory for Kejriwal's AAP government, which has been in a constant tug of war with LG Anil Baijal over the power wielded by the two branches of the executive.The judgement pronounced by Chief Justice Dipak Misra, who was heading a five judge Constitution bench, also held that the LG cannot act as an "obstructionist".The Supreme Court said that except for three issues, including land and law and order, the Delhi government has the power to legislate and govern on other issues.The LG needs to work harmoniously with the Council of Ministers and an attempt should be made to settle the difference of opinion with discussions, the apex court said.
Saskatchewan had the highest rate of police-reported violent crime and criminal traffic offences in 2016, with nearly 21,000 victims during the year.
Statistics Canada said this represents 1,840 victims per 100,000 population, the highest rate among provinces.
There were 59 homicides or other offences causing death in province during 2016, with children and youth representing 15 per cent of those.
READ MORE: Saskatchewan has the highest homicide rate in the country
The majority of the crimes – 75 per cent – were for assault, and most victims – 82 per cent – were aged 18 or older.
Seven per cent of all police reported crime was for sexual offences, which was most prevalent among children and youth at 56 per cent. Of those, 23 per cent were under the age of 12 and 24 per cent were between the ages of 12 and 15.
Statistics Canada said sexual assaults can range from unwanted sexual touching to sexual violence resulting in physical injury.
Women were the majority of crime victims at 56 per cent, with 73 per cent reporting an assault and 11 per cent reporting a sexual assault.
READ MORE: Support group helps sex offenders in Saskatoon
The report released Wednesday also looked at victim services in Saskatchewan where there are a number of programs and services available.
During 2016, police-based programs assisted almost 12,000 direct victims of crime and helped with the preparation and filing of 2,402 victim impact statements.
The Lancashire Post has launches its Christmas Appeal for 2017, urging our readers to back an organisation providing vital support to young victims of crime.
The Lancashire Post has launches its Christmas Appeal for 2017, urging our readers to back an organisation providing vital support to young victims of crime. Victim Support helps children and young people within Lancashire through its service, Nest.
/festive-pledge-help-us-give-support-to-young-victims-of-crime-1-8888857
We are calling for residents to assist Nest and give a helping hand to county youngsters – and families – who have suffered this year through no fault of their own.
Some have been targeted by bullies and predators on an individual basis.
Others have been caught up in mass attacks such as the Manchester bombing. Nightmares, flash-backs and anxiety may have become part of their lives.
These are the youngsters that Nest's team of caseworkers help, providing practical steps to ease their path to recovery.
Nest's case-workers are partly funded by Lancashire's Police and Crime Commissioner but the charity also relies on donations.
This could be a financial contribution or a pledge to provide activities or days out.
It could be something like a trip to the cinema or an attraction. Or even a donation of gifts for younger children or computer games and toiletries for teens. Are you a business owner or involved in an organisation that could donate such crucial respite? Or a resident who would like to donate to the service?
Email james.illingworth@jpress.co.uk to make a pledge.
Actress and liberal activist Cynthia Nixon, one of the stars of the hit television series "Sex and the City," announced on Monday she would run for governor of New York, challenging incumbent Andrew Cuomo for the Democratic nomination.
"I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor," Nixon, 51, said on Twitter.
Her campaign sets up a battle for the Sept. 13 primary between a celebrity on the left of the Democratic Party and a moderate governor who is often mentioned as a possible presidential hopeful in 2020.
Cuomo, 60, the son of late New York Governor Mario Cuomo, is seeking his third term. The general election is Nov. 6. If successful in both the primary and general elections, Nixon would become New York's first female and first openly gay governor.
A statement by Nixon's campaign called her a progressive alternative to Cuomo, referring to the governor as a centrist whose aides were mired in legal trouble. It also made note of the state's role in operating New York City's antiquated and much-maligned subway system.
An accompanying video, which shows Nixon at home with her wife, Christine Marinoni, and their young son Max, also addresses income inequality.
"Our leaders are letting us down," Nixon says in the video. "We are the most unequal state in the entire country, with both incredible wealth and extreme poverty."
Nixon is aligned with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a Democrat who is politically to the left of Cuomo. The two men have feuded over issues such as public transit and housing in the nation's largest city.
Cuomo's office had no immediate comment.
In an opinion poll by Siena College, Cuomo held a lead over Nixon of 66 percent to 19 percent, according to results released on Monday before Nixon's announcement. The poll, conducted March 11-16 by telephone, had a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points. Word of a potential Nixon campaign was first reported by NY1 television on March 6.
Nixon could be banking on her celebrity to overcome an incumbent with long ties to the Democratic Party establishment.
In Cuomo's 2014 re-election, a primary challenger with little name recognition, Zephyr Teachout, won roughly 34 percent of the vote to Cuomo's 62 percent, leading to speculation Cuomo might be vulnerable to a challenge from a well-funded progressive.
Nixon starred in the HBO television series from 1998 to 2004 about four women in New York City, playing the part of attorney Miranda Hobbes. The show later led to two feature films. She is also a Tony Award-winning stage actress
The trial for a man charged with killing Calgary mother Lisa Mitchell is set to begin Tuesday.
Allan Shyback is charged with second-degree murder and causing an indignity to a body in connection to the death of Mitchell, his common-law wife.
Mitchell was a 31-year-old mother of two. She was last seen alive walking from her Ogden home to a nearby 7-Eleven on Oct. 29, 2012.
For more than two years, her family held onto hope she would be found alive.
Then in December 2014, police raided the Ogden house Mitchell shared with Shyback.
Police later revealed they found human remains inside the home. Shyback was arrested and charged.
The trial is scheduled for nine days in front of a judge alone.
Watch below from Dec. 2014: A Calgary mother is living in a nightmare, after her daughter went from missing to murdered. Over the weekend, Lisa Mitchell's body was found in Ogden. Her husband has been charged in her death. Lisa Mitchell's mother is speaking out.
We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Playback journalism takes time and funding...
Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you.
Please, whitelist playback.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
ADVERTISEMENT
As the daughter of actors/musicians Will and Jada Pinkett Smith, it was perhaps inevitable that Willow Smith would forge a showbiz career. But by releasing her debut single aged just ten years old, she was thrown into the spotlight much younger than her A-list parents. Here's a look at how the “Whip My Hair” singer has coped with being a child star.
Born in L.A. in 2000, Willow Smith comes from a star-studded family. Her father Will has achieved massive success as both a rapper and actor, winning four Grammys and receiving two Oscar nominations. Her mother Jada is also a double threat, having appeared in the likes of The Nutty Professor and Set It Off, and fronted metal outfit Wicked Wisdom.
ADVERTISEMENT
Her older brother Jaden is a fellow child star, having appeared in The Pursuit of Happyness, The Karate Kid and After Earth. Like Willow, he's forged a music career, too, releasing his debut album, Syre, earlier this year. Her half-brother Trey is also in the entertainment industry as an actor and DJ.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The Golden State Warriors have just matched their 2015-16 season on Monday night - and not in good fashion. Golden State's surprising loss to a young Denver Nuggets team was the Warriors' ninth defeat of the season; if we can all recall, Stephen Curry and company lost only nine games last season on their way to an NBA-record 73 wins.
While everyone can agree that a slight step back was to be expected as Golden State integrates Kevin Durant into their system and rotation, Fox Sports analyst and radio host Nick Wright doesn't believe that the addition of Durant has made the Warriors any better. In fact, during Tuesday's episode of Undisputed on Fox Sports 1, Wright argued that last year's Warriors were clearly the better team, as reinforced by the math.
"It's amazing to me that it is considered a hot take or a controversial opinion to say that 'The team which was was 73-9 is better than the team that's currently 46-9,'" Wright said during his show, as reported by FoxSports.
Advertisement
As Wright acknowledges, there's no doubt that the current Golden State starters are better than last year, but the Warriors are currently not as deep this season as they were in 2015-16. The question now is how much of an impact will that have on the team's championship dreams.
According to News2Read, most NBA titles are decided by the top six or seven players on every elite team. In fact, rotations even shrink during the postseason as coaches trust their very best players, and since there's only one shot in the playoffs, stars can play more minutes without worrying too much whether they will have enough energy two months down the road.
With that being said, the Warriors are going to be fine on that front. They should have plenty of firepower come May and June. On the other hand, there are also chances that Golden State might run out of gas comes the NBA Finals if they can't find some consistent help coming off the bench, especially if Wright is right.
The first big dramatic crescendo for AMC's horror-on-the-ice series comes in the third episode of the anthology series, when, in his quixotic quest to discover the Northwest Passage through the Arctic for the British Admiralty, Captain Sir John Franklin (Ciaran Hinds) is violently killed by the monstrous Tuunbaq. Executive producers David Kajganich and Soo Hugh wanted to maintain the show's ubeer-realistic approach while creating a sequence so evocative viewers felt like they got a glimpse of the mythical creature, even though it remains completely obscured. “One of our first rules on the horror side of the show was to always be a bit closer to the action than the audience is used to being,” Kajganich says. “Our mandate was to infuse this death with a subjective point of view, that we stay in the show's tone that even death come from a subjective experience,” adds Hugh. “It came from a psychologically almost surreal vantage point.”
Daniel Greenaway
Editor
“To me, it was almost like a kind of dance. The Tuunbaq is almost waltzing with him around the room. When I thought of the shots of the Admiralty and the shots of the ice, I could begin to intercut those quite effectively with his point of view; it was almost shot like he was being taken for a dance, rather than being dragged to his gory death. That's what Dave and Soo always wanted: not to be what you expect from a more modern horror.”
Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Director
“This scene plays out in broad daylight in the middle of the ice landscape. I asked our production designer to build me a set in a way that would be a little bit of a maze made of ice ridges, so that Franklin would have some environment around himself that the creature could theoretically be hiding behind when we don't see it. We shot it on green screen and then just put the background, but essentially, everything else was done in-camera. There are a couple of quick shots of this monumental place inter-cutting with the icebergs that are flashing past his eyes. It took us out of the reality and immediately introduced this very subjective experience.”
“It took us out of the reality and immediately introduced this very subjective experience.”
Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Jonathan McKinstry
Production Designer
“Turning up all the geography on a relatively tight stage was difficult. We set up Ciaran on the end of a crane arm with a camera pointing at him, so he was waving around as though he was being transported by the Tuunbaq to a fire hole, basically a hole in the ice that they made to get through to the ocean. That's where Ciaran finally gets dumped. We built a set with the full thickness of the fire hole up on a platform so that we could see Ciaran being dropped into it from underneath, and then the sides of it would pull out, so then the camera could be in the side of it and see him wedged in there. Then we had to set that on a 45-degree angle for certain shots. That was probably the more complex part of it in terms of the jigsaw puzzle of set pieces, to get the sequence together.”
Annie Symons
Costume Designer
“There were a lot of costumes contributing to Franklin's portly belly — Ciaran isn't that size at all! It was just trying to make him comfortable with that additional bulk. There were a lot of layers on that costume, so I think we even chopped out the arms of the under layers just so they could move more freely, and did some false fronts because of the bulk of it. We had to build in all kinds of safety rigs because he was basically picked up going down that hole.”
Combining great music with the Bio Cup cannabis get together, Legends Valley is a unique event
Reggae group Magic! are among the performers already lined up for Legends Valley. (Submitted)
Wideglide Entertainment is filling up the lineup for the Legends Valley Music Festival, happening on Aug. 23-27.
Fans are excited to see who's coming to Laketown Ranch in Lake Cowichan.
According to the group's marketing and PR manager Erin Richards, “The diverse lineup includes Body Count, with legendary rapper and actor Ice-T; House of Pain, the popular hip hop group best known for their hit ‘Jump Around'; Magic!, the Canadian reggae fusion band that made waves with their hit single ‘Rude'; and the Canadian classic rock band, Sloan, whose many hits like ‘Money City Maniacs', ‘Everything You've Done Wrong' and ‘If It Feels Good Do It' topped the charts again and again throughout the '90s and early 2000s.
“This will be the first time Body Count, House of Pain and Magic! are playing the Island, and the 25th anniversary tour of House of Pain, which will include original members Everlast and DJ Lethal,” she said.
The list now includes Daniel Wesley, Five Alarm Funk, Delinquent Habits, The Harpoonist & The Axe Murderer, Forgotten Rebels, Funkdoobiest, Mat the Alien, The Gaff, Kytami, Bend Sinister, Dayglo Abortions, Illvis Freshly, Caleb Hear & the Royal Youths, Power Clown, Antipolitic, Cocaine Moustache, Getaway Sticks, and Ganjo Bassman.
Tickets are on sale now and start at $179 for the whole four-day event.
Just added to the lineup are Daniel Wesley and Dehli 2 Dublin: two more great reasons to take in the event.
Legends Valley is not just a music festival, but also the home base of Bio Cup Canada, a celebration of cannabis culture, including an international growers' competition, exhibitors, educational seminars and more.
For more information and to purchase tickets, go to www.legendsvalleymusicfestival.com.
Socialite Paris Hilton looked happy during her holiday in Formentera with her boyfriend Chris Zylka as they enjoyed a boating session together.Hilton was spotted in a lacy red dress as she held hands with the actor as they crossed the beach and took a ride in a small boat on Friday, reports dailymail.co.uk.Hilton accessorised her ensemble with a massive red-rimmed pair of sunglasses, as well as with a black bag.She was seen strolling around while resting her hand on Zylka's shoulders.Credit: @ Paris Hilton Zylka was seen wearing a green and white patterned pair of swimming trunks along with matching black-and-white baseball cap and black T-shirt.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis faces a stark challenge when he visits NATO headquarters in Brussels on Wednesday: trying to clarify President Trump's conflicting comments on the role of the 28-nation military alliance in an era of global instability.
Days before he took office last month, Trump derided the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, which was created after World War II to counter Soviet aggression, as “obsolete” and praised Russian leadership, just as he had during the fall campaign.
Although Trump apparently has reversed course — he vowed “strong support” for NATO this month and agreed to attend a summit in May — his comments have stoked fears in Europe that the White House may undermine the alliance that has been a cornerstone of regional security for decades, and realign U.S. foreign policy toward Russia.
Mattis said Tuesday that he will reassure NATO members that Washington remains a steadfast partner and will emphasize U.S. support for front line nations in eastern Europe that feel vulnerable after Russia's 2014 seizure of Crimea and intervention in Ukraine.
"Our commitment remains to NATO," he told reporters on the flight to Brussels.
Hearing Mattis reaffirm the U.S. commitment is crucial, “especially considering the current security situation in the world,“ Estonian diplomat Kairi Saar-Isop said in Washington.
“The U.S. is our ally no matter which administration is at the moment in office,” she added.
Mattis said he would also reassure allies that the ouster of Trump's national security advisor, Michael Flynn, would not affect his job leading the Pentagon.
"Whomever is on the president's staff is who I will work with," he said. Flynn's resignation “doesn't change my message at all."
Mattis, a retired four-star Marine general, had a thorny relationship with Flynn, a retired three-star Army general. Flynn held a higher position in the Trump administration, yet Mattis outranked him as a military officer.
During the campaign, Trump complained that NATO needed to focus more on terrorism, and he repeated previous presidents' criticism that member states should pay more for joint defense.
Only five of the 28 countries — the United States, Britain, Estonia, Greece and Poland — meet a NATO target by spending at least 2% of gross domestic product on the military.
Retired Adm. James Stavridis, a former supreme commander of NATO who is dean of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University, said Mattis is likely to hear concerns “that the U.S. president seems unable to personally confront Russia” as well as about his complaints that “allies aren't doing enough [and] burden sharing is unequal.”
Mattis also will discuss the recommendation to send several thousand more NATO troops to help Afghan government forces break a stalemate with the Taliban in America's longest war. About 13,300 NATO troops, including 8,400 Americans, help train and advise the Afghan police and military.
The alliance is likely to approve the request, which Gen. John W. Nicholson, who commands the U.S.-led international military force in Afghanistan, disclosed last week in testimony to the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The request underscores how foreign forces are increasingly being drawn back into the Afghan war more than two years after NATO formally ended combat operations there. Afghan government forces now control less than two thirds of the country's population, according to Pentagon estimates.
Afghan forces suffered heavy casualties over the last year as Taliban fighters attempted to overrun several provincial capitals, including Kunduz and Baghlan in the north, Helmand in the south and Farah in the west.
Afghan forces backed by coalition airstrikes pushed them back, but the insurgents managed to briefly capture Kunduz and breached parts of Lashkar Gah in the south.
In January, about 200 NATO soldiers, mostly Italians, were sent to bolster Afghan forces in Farah. Days later, the Pentagon said it would deploy about 300 Marines to Helmand, an area where U.S. troops saw heavy fighting before 2014.
Other than the war in Afghanistan, NATO is increasingly focused on defending its eastern borders from potential Russian aggression, just as it did during the Cold War.
The Obama administration moved helicopters, heavy weapons, armored vehicles and other equipment to depots in central and eastern Europe after Russia seized Crimea and backed pro-Russia separatists in eastern Ukraine with weapons and troops in 2014.
Early last month, the Army sent 87 tanks, 144 armored vehicles and 3,500 troops as reinforcements to Poland in the biggest U.S. military deployment in Europe in decades.
The Pentagon also plans to construct or refurbish facilities, airfields and training ranges in Bulgaria, Estonia, Germany, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Romania.
The expanded U.S. military presence is intended to reassure NATO allies and to signal to Moscow that the United States will support its allies with additional forces if necessary.
Other NATO members also have boosted their forces in the region, including Canadian troops in Latvia, German troops in Lithuania and British troops in Estonia.
william.hennigan@latimes.com
Twitter: @wjhenn
ALSO:
Climate change is real: Just ask the Pentagon
Why U.S. airstrikes are still killing Syrian civilians even with the most high-tech targeting technology
Captured battlefield cellphones, computers are helping the U.S. target and kill Islamic State's leaders
With weight reduction and the growing consciousness about looks and physique turning out to be the biggest resolution for every youngster, a right combination of exercises and nutritious food can be a game changer.Lack of enough proteins, iron and other dietary supplements in the human body can cause hair loss. Inadequacy of such nutrients makes our hair thirsty and deprived from their desired nourishment which eventually makes them fall.Arvind Poswal, hair expert at Dr. A's Clinic and Mandeep Singh, fitness expert at Step-On Fitness Center have rolled out some significant tips to reduce weight without causing any damage to your hair:* Intake of ample proteins like red meat, fish and beans are a good practice. Proteins help in structuring hair follicles and supplement a healthy diet. Thus, intake of proteins is advisable.* Eggs, spinach, citrus fruits, nuts, carrots, avocado and whole grains must be incorporated in your diet for a healthy contribution to your body.* Always ensure consumption of plentiful calories, which are vital for proper functioning of the human body system. It is essential to confine calories for weight loss but excessive restriction results in hair loss as lack of nutrition does not supplement hair growth.* Hair loss after weight loss is usually associated with a condition called Telogen Effluvium. Fluctuation in the Body Mass Index causes physical stress, which signals the hair follicles to move into an inactive stage. Hence, the weight loss must be gradual.* Some other vital supplements for hair growth are vitamin C, vitamin A, vitamin E, iron and zinc. These vitamins have been seen as significant contributors to weight loss and hair growth.* Brisk walking, yoga and light workout aids effective weight loss as there are no shortcuts to effective results.Hair loss from a sudden decline in the body weight is not permanent. There are several ways to resume healthy hair growth.* People who lose weight often restrict their calorie consumption. For proper functioning of human body, it is important that our body receives the necessary nutrients for ideal operations. Lack of optimum calorie intake, leads to deficiencies in the body system. Just like our body needs food, similarly, our hair also require intake of nutrients for their healthy growth.* Hair loss is not a hassle anymore. It does get difficult for our body to cope with sudden changes and takes time to adapt to them. Proper diet and a healthy lifestyle are always effective.
Charlotte County man sentenced to life in prison for sexual battery on a child
A 28-year-old man is sentenced sentenced to life in prison on capital sexual battery on a child under 12 in Charlotte County which was a result of a child pornography investigation.
FBI agents with the Child Exploitation Task Force raided Brian Thomas' home on Camillia Lane in 2016. More than a dozen images of child pornography and two videos were downloaded from the home's IP address during the investigation, according to authorities.
Thomas was found guilty of secretly videotaping and inappropriately touching a child younger than 12 years old at the home.
Thomas was also sentenced to 30 years in prison on one count of lewd molestation to be served consecutively, 15 years in prison on one count of video voyeurism to be served concurrently and 5 years in prison on one count of battery by bodily fluids also to be served concurrently.
Thomas was found guilty at trial on February 5th and the jury deliberated for approximately 45 minutes before returning the guilty verdicts on all counts.
The case started in 2016 as a Federal child pornography search warrant on his home during which evidence was discovered on the defendant's laptop. He was secretly recording children as they undressed and showered.
Assistant State Attorneys Stephanie Powers and Kyle Stublen handled the case.
Prior to facing State charges, the defendant entered a plea to the Federal child porn charge and was sentenced to 30 years in prison on that case.
Writer: WINK News
Rodriguez leads Loons to first home win
On Tuesday night, there was no place like home - finally -- for catcher Ramon Rodriguez and the Great Lakes Loons at Dow Diamond.
Rodriguez drilled a three-run home run and drove in four runs to lead the Loons to a 5-0 victory over the Fort Wayne TinCaps -- their first win in six home games this season.
"It feels good (to win at home)," Rodriguez said. "I'm just trying to help the team win and (it's great) to see these guys play like a family."
And putting a win on the board made the rainy night easier to bear -- plus the fact that rain in the high 50s feels better than the cold weather that the Loons have endured for most of the early season.
"The rain doesn't feel bad after playing in the cold for the last two weeks," Rodriguez said. "It feels good."
Great Lakes manager John Shoemaker said the 19-year-old Rodriguez played well in every phase of the game.
"That was an outstanding game by Ramon Rodriguez," Shoemaker said. "He caught a shutout, he threw out a runner trying to steal, and he had a three-run homer and two hits."
While Great Lakes is only 4-12 after the win, Tuesday's game offered some encouraging signs.
First among them was pitching. Great Lakes ranked 14th out of 16 teams in the Midwest League with a 4.63 ERA coming into the game, but Loons starter Jesus Vargas set the tone for a stellar night on the mound.
Vargas (2-0) allowed three hits in five shutout innings to earn the win, Dan Jagiello followed by giving up one hit in two shutout innings. Aneurys Zabala allowed no hits over the final two innings.
"I pitched really well against (Fort Wayne) in my last start," Vargas said, with teammate Moises Perez translating. "I was confident because I dominated in my last start against them."
Vargas, a 19-year-old from Macuto, Venezuela, has a 0.69 ERA. He said that some of the keys to his success are maintaining focus and having a plan for every start.
Yarnall also had two hits. It was Yarnall's seventh multi-hit game of the season. He is batting .360 with five extra-base-hits and 10 RBIs.
Great Lakes had struggled against lefthanded pitching this season, but the Loons did just fine against Fort Wayne lefty starter Aaron Leasher, a Mount Pleasant High School graduate.
A 2017 sixth-round draft pick of the San Diego Padres, Leasher gave up five runs on five hits in 31/3 innings while walking two and striking out six.
And, certainly, the five runs scored represented good news for a Loons team that had only scored nine runs in its previous five home games.
"We played really well. Everybody did his job offensively and defensively," Rodriguez said. "...We just played really hard."
The Loons' Romer Cuadrado grounded a single to right center with one out in the bottom of the first, took second base on a wild pitch with two outs and scored on Nick Yarnall's single to right center for a 1-0 lead.
Great Lakes tacked on three more runs in the second before a batter was even retired. Brandon Montgomery reached first on an error and Marcus Chiu walked before Rodriguez blasted an opposite-field home run to right to make it 4-0.
In the fourth, Montgomery launched a triple to the left-center field gap, Chiu walked again and Rodriguez singled home Montgomery for a 5-0 lead.
The Tincaps bullpen was nearly perfect. Evan Miller gave up only a single in 32/3 scoreless innings, and Jordan Guerrero allowed a walk in one scoreless inning.
After Wednesday's 6:05 p.m. game, the four-game series wraps up at 10:35 a.m. Thursday with the first School Kids Day game of the season.
: A UN commission probing Syria rights abuses has gathered enough evidence to convict President Bashar al-Assad of war crimes, an outgoing member of the commission said in interviews published Sunday.Veteran former war crimes prosecutor Carla Del Ponte, who is preparing to step down after five years serving in the UN Commission of Inquiry on Syria, told Swiss media the evidence against Assad was sufficient to secure a war crimes conviction."I am convinced of that," she told Le Matin Dimanche and the Sonntagszeitung weeklies, adding though that with no international court or prosecutor tasked with trying the Syria war crimes cases, justice would remain elusive."That is why the situation is so frustrating. The preparatory work has been done, but nevertheless, there is no prosecutor and no court," she told Sonntagszeitung."It's a tragedy."Del Ponte, a 70-year-old Swiss national who came to prominence investigating war crimes in Rwanda and the former Yugoslavia, made the shock announcement earlier this month that she would resign from the UN commission because it "does absolutely nothing".She lamented that "everyone in Syria is on the bad side. The Assad government has perpetrated horrible crimes against humanity and used chemical weapons. And the opposition is now made up of extremists and terrorists."In Sunday's interviews, she said she had handed in her resignation letter last Thursday, and that she would officially step down on September 18, after the commission presents its latest report to the UN Human Rights Council.UN chief Antonio Guterres appealed last week for the commission to continue its work despite Del Ponte's departure.The commission has been tasked with investigating human rights violations and war crimes in Syria since shortly after the conflict erupted in March 2011 with anti-government protests that have evolved into a complex proxy war.The continued violence has left more than 330,000 people dead and displaced millions.The commission, which once Del Ponte leaves will count just two members, has repeatedly urged the Security Council to refer the situation in Syria to the International Criminal Court, in vain."I do not want to be an alibi for an international community that is doing nothing at all," Del Ponte told Le Matin Dimanche, explaining her decision to leave the UN commission."My resignation is also meant as a provocation," she said, adding that she hoped it would "put pressure on the Security Council, which must deliver justice to the victims."Del Ponte however said that if an international judicial process is eventually established for Syria, "I am ready to take on the position of international prosecutor."She stressed that international justice was vital for Syria, where the crimes committed were "far worse" than what she had seen in the former Yugoslavia."Without justice in Syria, there will never be peace and thus no future," she said.
Frank Tarkington, W3KLQ, of Silver Spring, Maryland, died on April 19. He was 102. A California native and World War II Navy radioman, Tarkington went on to enjoy a long career with Radio Corporation of America (RCA). In 1948, he installed the first television set in the White House so that President Harry Truman could witness the opening of Congress that January. Following his retirement, Tarkington was active for 19 years as a volunteer for Montgomery County Consumer Protection. — Thanks to John Creel, WB3GXW
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method it has used to claim attacks in the past. There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
"In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday," the statement said.
NATO member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders.
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State, Turkey's Hurriyet newspaper said. Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by "lone wolves" on "celebrations, gatherings and clubs".
Kentucky vs Vanderbilt
September 4, 2017
Lancaster Aquatic Center
Lexington, Kentucky
Full Results
The University of Kentucky women opened their season with a decisive win over Vanderbilt on Wednesday, outscoring the Commodores 187-72 at home.
The Wildcats came out on top in 13 of 14 events, led by Asia Seidt who won three events and was also on the first place finishing 200 medley relays. Seidt led a pair of 1-2-3 finishes for Kentucky in the 200 free (1:49.01) and 50 free (23.12), and also touched first in the 100 IM (56.48). On the medley relay she led off in 25.27 to help ‘B' relay teammates Madison Winstead, Kayla Churman and Meredith Whisenhunt take the win in 1:42.94 over the ‘A' Kentucky team which was just behind in 1:43.13.
Morgan Belli was also a multiple individual event winner on the day, coming out on top in the 100 (1:04.02) and 200 breast (2:17.05). In the 100 she beat out Winstead (1:04.03) but just one one-hundredth of a second.
Other wins for the Wildcats came from Geena Freriks (1000 free), Bridgette Alexander (100 back), Lauren Edelman (200 fly), Haley McInerny (100 free), Ali Galyer (200 back) and Bailey Bonnett (500 free). Galyer also led off the winning 400 free relays in 52.13 (McInerny won individually in 52.17), as the ‘A' team won in 3:31.07 over the ‘C' (3:31.34) and 'B' (3:31.57) squads.
For Vanderbilt, their lone win came from senior Breanna Sapienza, who was dominant with a time of 56.12 in the 100 fly. She also had a runner-up finish in the 200 fly. Also adding runner-up finishes for the Commodores were junior Johanna Goldbatt (100 back) and sophomore Paige Hamilton (100 fly).
Italy's president asked the populist 5-Star Movement (M5S) on Monday to see if it can find a parliamentary majority with the Democratic Party (PD), after weeks of consultations failed to yield a government following inconclusive March 4 elections.
President Sergio Mattarella asked the 5-Star president of the lower chamber of deputies, Roberto Fico, to explore a possible alliance with the Democrats and report back by Thursday. After meeting Monday with Mattarella, Fico said he would look to find issues that are of "interest to the country."
"I will get to work immediately and in my opinion, the key point is, to begin with, issues and the program in the interests of the country," Fico said to reporters after meeting Mattarella on Monday.
Fico comes from his party's left-wing but his chances of agreeing on a government with the PD look even slimmer than they did with Salvini as the party has heavily criticized the caretaker government led by the PD.
Talks between M5S leader Luigi Di Maio and the League's Matteo Salvini collapsed last week after both refused to budge over Salvini's coalition partner, former premier Silvio Berlusconi.
The Democrats were the big losers in the March 4 vote, suffering the worst-ever defeat by the left. A center-right coalition of the right-wing League, the center-right Forza Italia of Silvio Berlusconi and a smaller right-wing group were the top vote-getters, with the 5-Stars coming in second place. But none of the three main blocs won enough to ensure a majority, resulting in a political impasse that Mattarella is eager to overcome.
M5S's Luigi Di Maio had been trying to convince League leader Matteo Salvini to break with Berlusconi, but to date, Salvini has stayed loyal. The League had been a junior partner in each of Berlusconi's three governments, but its strong showing March 4 - stronger than Forza Italia - has upset the balance in the traditionally Berlusconi-led coalition. Di Maio has ruled out having Forza Italia in any 5-Star government. That center-right alliance won a regional election Sunday in southern Molise, boosting its standing in national talks.
Mattarella announced his latest effort to end the deadlock the day after the center-right won local elections in the tiny southern region of Molise, giving the bloc a boost as jostling continues in Rome over coalition building.
"An important national signal has emerged from Molise. A united center-right has the ability to win the backing of Italians to rule both the regions and the country," Berlusconi said in a statement on Monday. The center-right candidate backed by nine parties won 43 percent of the vote in Molise, ahead of the candidate for the anti-establishment M5S, with 38 percent.
The result was a setback for 5-Star, which had hoped to gain control of its first regional government after emerging as the largest party on the national ballot.
In Molise, it was again by far the biggest party, with no other group reaching 10 percent, but it fell back markedly from the 44 percent it took in the same region in March.
If all efforts to break the Rome stalemate fail, Mattarella could try to put together a government of technocrats with a limited mandate, including electoral reform, to prepare for early elections in the spring of 2019. Failing that, his last option would be to call elections this autumn.
Rock Island homeowners at the Park Ridge and Hodge Park Condos area are expressing frustration after they say they continue to deal with repeated damage to their homes caused by sewer backups.
Bill Bibee is a resident at Park Ridge Condos and said he has dealt with several sewer backups over the years. The most recent one happened on July 22 and took his family two days to clean up. Bibee said he has not gotten any definite answers from the city on how to solve this problem.
"It takes a big rain over a certain amount of time for this to happen, but you never know when that's going to happen, so you worry about that all the time," said Bibee.
According to Bibee, water first came out of the shower in his basement. He plugged it up before having to also remove the toilet after it overflowed for three hours.
"The big thing about these backups is the cleanup process. Its huge and its tiring especially when you're retirees and you're in your seventies, so you have a choice...You either clean it up yourself or you hire somebody," said Bibee.
Neighbors plan on attending the Rock Island City Council meeting tonight to discuss the issue. The meeting starts at 6:45 p.m.
Jaipur: Three video clips showing local girls in compromising positions with different men have gone viral in Ajmer, prompting the police to lodge an FIR against unidentified persons.
It is suspected by the police that the clips were being used to blackmail girls and, as no victim or family has lodged a case, the police suo motu filed an FIR in the matter on Tuesday.
“A case was registered with Ramganj police station on Tuesday by the SHO and efforts are on to identify the accused seen in the video clips,” IG Ajmer Malini Srivastava said.
“People are not forthcoming to register cases and that is why we have registered a case. Somebody has circulated the clips, so we lodged the case under relevant sections and as soon as we come to know about the culprit, we will take action,” she said.
She said apart from the video clips, there are some pictures also.
SP Rajendra Singh said there are three clips which were uploaded on social media sites and circulated on WhatsApp by an unidentified person.
Another police official said the girls belong to local villages and study in an educational institute in Ajmer.
The victims and their family members are not willing to come forward.
The FIR was registered by the SHO of Ramganj police station Ajaykant under section 292 of the IPC, 3 and 4/6 of Indecent Representation of Women's act and 64-A of the IT act against unidentified person and a team has been formed to investigate the matter.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Barcelona host Real Madrid in the Spanish football season's opening act in the Super Cup, first leg on Sunday needing to dispel doubts they have fallen further behind their rivals following Neymar's departure.The Brazilian's world record 222 million euro ($261 million) move to Paris Saint-Germain just days before the start of the campaign deprives a Barça side that missed out to Madrid for the Spanish title for the first time in five years last season one of their most dangerous weapons.Barça's immediate attempts to find a replacement in Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele of Borussia Dortmund have so far fallen short.New Barça coach Ernesto Valverde therefore has a tactical conundrum on his Camp Nou bow to fill the void alongside Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez up front.All the action from the intriguing first leg can be seen on the Sony TEN Networks.The Live Streaming for the same will be available on sonyliv.comReal Madrid XI: Keylor Navas, Marcelo, Sergio Ramos, Dani Carvajal, Varane, Toni Kross, Luka Modric, Gareth Bale, Isco, Karim Benzema, Cristiano RonaldoBarcelona XI: Ter Stegen, Gerard Pique, Jordi Alba, Umtiti, Vidal, Sergio Busquets, Ivan Rakitic, Andres Iniesta, Luis Suarez, Lionel Messi, Rafinha
I think it's impossible not to fall in love with Priyanka Chopra. For anyone who has followed her, Priyanka has consistently been a big, fat dose of inspiration.
She does it again, as the Goodwill ambassador of UNICEF, she has a wish for the children of the world:
Sometimes the dichotomy of the world we live in can be quite daunting.
Ironically, within this dichotomy, men and women have continued to witness great technological advancements, all with far-reaching and critically impactful results.
This is what makes the continuing exploitation of children across the world so scary. When, as a thinking race, we can invent solutions to so many problems, why are girls still being denied the right to go to school? Why do they have to watch as their brothers are allowed to get an education? Why are so many of our children still living without clean water, medical care, and protection? Why are their bodies and minds still unprotected from violence, abuse, and exploitation? Yes, as we can see, there is much work to do.
Besides sadness, there is a perplexity that envelops me when I think of these problems. Why have we not been able to find solutions? Why are children being deprived dignity and opportunities? Is it mainly because they live in poverty, or because they have a disability, or simply because they're children?
But no, the sadness did not lead me to lose hope. That's because, as I sat in the United Nations building on the occasion of UNICEF's 70th anniversary earlier this month, I was surrounded by a cross-section of amazing human beings, all of whom are fearlessly fighting for a world that is fit for everyone. It was not just inspirational, but to be working with these individuals now, fighting for the causes along with them, was also very motivating. These selfless individuals, some who have been doing this kind of work for decades, are dedicating their voices, time, and hearts to help combat the atrocities, and sometimes, putting their own lives at risk to save others.
That evening at the United Nations took me back to the many children I have met on my numerous field trips with UNICEF across India. Irrespective of their circumstances, the children I met were determined to change their lives and take charge of their collective future. They all had a spark, a hope, a determination, which is now etched forever in my mind. I always recall it with a special fondness.
As each one of these amazing people in the room made a wish for every child, I was filled with a renewed sense of purpose. Through the many stories I heard that night, I could feel their commitment to making a tangible change in the world. It was an assurance to fight the atrocities, to ensure they were not going to be ignored.
Yes, we are living in extremely hard times. The world as we knew it as children has changed a lot. We live with horrifying images — sometimes of a 10-year-old girl dressed as a bride, marrying a man twice her age; sometimes of a child being hung for a crime committed against her; sometimes of a girl being held down while her genitals are mutilated. But now, no more tears and no more pain. Together, we are resolved to changing all our children's lives for the better.
Every image we see must ignite us to do more, to act with urgency, to campaign more, and find new ways to fight all of these injustices. Before these endless images of horror put us at risk of becoming a desensitized society, we must act. Before we completely lose the urgency to challenge the violations of children's rights that we are seeing, we must act. We must recommit ourselves to fearlessly advocating for a world in which these images are no longer filling our news feeds, and children live free from oppression and abuse.
The journey is neither going to be easy, nor short. It is going to be a daily battle. Clean water, medical care; protection from abuse, violence, and exploitation — the issues are many, but we will overcome. That is a promise.
I said this at the UNICEF's 70th anniversary evening: “We must put all our efforts into creating a world where children's rights are not violated because of their gender, their race, their ethnic group; because they live in poverty or with a disability. And we must continue to build on the immense progress that the world has seen in recent decades as a result of those who have worked tirelessly in some of the toughest places on Earth to fight for a world where every child has a fair chance.”
Today, as a newly appointed UNICEF Global Goodwill Ambassador, I recommit myself to lending my voice to the children who have been silenced and ignored. This has gone on for far too long. It has to stop. In doing so, I urge everyone across the world to commit themselves to giving our children hope — because they are our only future.
My wish for every child is: freedom.
This article first appeared on Refinery29.
