DALLAS (AP) — Dallas has agreed to pay more than $173 million to settle decades-old lawsuits from thousands of public safety workers over years of back-pay claims.
The Dallas Morning News reports that an executive committee representing nearly 8,700 current and former Dallas police officers and firefighters approved the settlement Tuesday.
The settlement still needs to be approved by a City Council vote this summer.
Council members say Dallas will be able to pay out without increasing property taxes, funding the settlement with existing bond capacity.
Advertisement
Mayor Mike Rawlings called the latest settlement "a prudent move for taxpayers" both financially and psychologically.
Last year, Dallas settled four lawsuits for more than $61 million arising from the language of a 1979 pay referendum.
___
Information from: The Dallas Morning News, http://www.dallasnews.com
Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc. is pleased to announce that the company's hot food well 744HW Dry-Well was named as a finalist for the Foodservice Consultants Society International (FCSI) The Americas (TA) Innovation Showcase.
Fort Wayne, IN – Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc. (http://www.tdyne.com/) announces that the company's 744HW-Dry Well Steam Table was named as a finalist for the Foodservice Consultants Society International (FCSI) The Americas (TA) Innovation Showcase. The showcase is designed to recognize foodservice equipment and manufacturers whose commitment to research and development has resulted in a truly innovative product. Equipment that is honored in the showcase is considered a clear leap forward for the foodservice industry.
Thermodyne's 744HW-Dry Well hot food well combines serving line capabilities with a Thermodyne slow cook & hold oven beneath. Featuring an independently operated control system, the 744HW-Dry Well allows users to individually control the temperature of each pan in the hot well. This enables more versatility and variety regarding food menu items.
Traditional hot food wells use water to create steam as the method of transferring heat to the food pans on the serving line. This mandates a dedicated water supply to the hot well unit, or manually filling the wells throughout the serving process. Additionally, this water will need to be removed daily thereby requiring a nearby drain for disposal. Thermodyne's 744HW-Dry Well eliminates the need for water and therefore alleviates these problems. Food can be heated and held for extended periods of time without the need for water.
About Thermodyne Foodservice Products: Founded in 1987, Thermodyne Food Service Products, Inc. specializes in the manufacturing of both countertop and full-sized slow cook and hold ovens. Each unit features Thermodyne's patented Fluid Shelf Technology, in which low-temperature heat is transferred throughout each shelf rather than through the air. This not only ensures food quality and safety but also allows food products to be held for extended periods. Contact us today to find out about the incredible flexibility and serving capabilities made possible by Fluid Shelf Technology. For more information, call 888-310-7352 or visit www.tdyne.com.
Contact
Thermodyne Foodservice Products, Inc.
888-310-7352
Email: fluidshelf ( @ ) tdyne dot com
Website: www.tdyne.com
Blog: tdyne.com/blog
YouTube: www.youtube.com/user/1slowcooknhold
Twitter: ( @ ) TdyneFoodSvc
Facebook: www.facebook.com/ThermodyneFoodserviceProducts/
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
Advertising Feature
Rabee Securities Iraq Stock Exchange (ISX) market report (week ending: 15th Mar 2018).
Please click here to download a table of listed companies and their associated ticker codes.
The RSISX index ended the week at IQD927 (-1.2%) / $878 (-1.2%) (weekly change) (+14.3% and +17.1% YTD change, respectively). The number of week traded shares was 20.3bn and the weekly trading volume was IQD11.9bn ($9.7mn).
ISX Company Announcements
James Marsden (Westworld, X-Men) will be the star of the upcoming Sonic The Hedgehog film, Variety reports.
The movie, due out in November 2019, will be a mix of live-action and CG, and is also amazingly the first time the 27 year-old Sega character has appeared on the big screen.
Marsden has past experience with this kind of thing, having starred in Hop a few years back.
Sonic is being directed by Jeff Fowler, who made the 2005 animated short Gopher Broke.
Police are urging the community to help find a ‘mindless' vandal who smashed around thirty cars during a mass crime spree in Coalisland on Sunday morning.
CCTV footage has captured the shocking criminal damage with images of a man stumbling up streets in the Newtownkelly area of the town, brazenly kicking wing mirrors and ripping wipers from the front and back of vehicles.
Residents in the area have posted the CCTV images on Facebook in the hope of tracking down the vandal.
SDLP Councillor Malachy Quinn called on the police to take a tougher stance on the problem of anti-social behaviour that is plaguing the town.
“This morning we have residents waking up to find their cars have been damaged by faceless thugs and sadly this is not the first time in recent months.
“I have been talking to residents who have expressed their anger and disgust at the ongoing anti-social behaviour in the area and want something done about it. They have expressed the fear of not knowing when the next incident will happen or what property will be damaged next and that is totally unacceptable.”
The Coalisland representative also called on the police to have a more visible presence in the town.
“These thugs, who I know don't come from the local area, need to wise up, get a life and vanish off somewhere else”, he added. “Anyone with information should bring it forward to the PSNI and hopefully we can put an end to the ASB in the area.”
Inspector John McKenna said “Police received reports shortly before 3:00 am that a man, believed to be in his 20s and wearing a grey jumper with jeans was breaking wipers of numerous vehicles that were parked in this vicinity.
“I would ask that anyone with information contact police on 101 quoting reference 300 of 13/08/17, or if you wish to remain anonymous Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.”
DENTS RUN, Pa. (AP) — The FBI has come up empty at the rural Pennsylvania site where Civil War gold is rumored to be buried.
State officials and members of a treasure-hunting group joined the FBI at the site where local lore has it a gold shipment was lost or hidden during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg.
The FBI said in a statement Monday night that it conducted a "court-authorized excavation" at Dents Run, a heavily forested area about 135 miles (217 kilometers) northeast of Pittsburgh.
The FBI isn't confirming that its dig had anything to do with the legendary Civil War treasure. But the agency says it didn't find whatever it was looking for.
Advertisement
The FBI won't release additional details, saying the dig was related to an "ongoing investigation."
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — A Norwegian aluminum maker operating in Brazil is apologizing for polluting a river and promising to make changes so that it doesn't happen again.
In a statement Monday, the CEO of Norsk Hydro, Svein Richard Brandtzaeg, called the discharge of rain and surface water into the Para River "unacceptable." Brandtzaeg went on to apologize and say an ongoing environmental review of its practices would be expanded.
The company's plant is located in the city of Barcarena in the northern state of Para. Last month, residents alerted environmental authorities to a reddish hue in puddles and flooded areas near the river after some heavy rains.
Authorities said they found areas of irregular discharge. The company initially said it had not released untreated water into the environment, then said it would investigate.
Moy Tir na nOg (Tyrone) 1-10 Michael Glaveys (Roscommon) 0-7
Tyrone football icon Sean Cavanagh capped a thrilling career with an AIB All-Ireland intermediate club medal.
The 2008 Footballer of the Year retired from Tyrone after last year's championship defeat to Dublin and thought he'd seen the last of Croke Park. But the three-time All-Ireland senior medallist enjoyed one last emotional outing there as the Moy matched the feat of fellow Tyrone outfit Cookstown in 2013.
They were massive underdogs just to reach the intermediate final but shocked An Ghaeltacht of Kerry in the semi-finals and were always in control here. Roscommon outfit Michael Glaveys finished strong, reeling off four points in a row between the 49th and 58th minutes.
But they'd left themselves too much to do having fallen eight points down at the three-quarter mark and the Moy finished strong anyhow with the game's last two points.
Cavanagh scored the very last of those, bringing his takings to 0-5 for the day, all from frees.
Michael Glaveys were down to 14 men at that stage after Caoileann Fitzmaurice's 44th minute straight red card for a striking offence.
Colm Cavanagh played the same sweeper role that he's perfected with Tyrone and nailed it again, gaining the Man of the Match award.
The Moy were helped by an early goal from Tom Loughran that arrived after just 27 seconds when he pounced on a long ball in from Harry Loughran.
Ryan Coleman and Harry Loughran added points to open up a 1-2 to 0-0 lead and the Moy were in full control from there.
They hit the interval with a 1-5 to 0-1 lead thanks in part to back-to-back Sean Cavanagh frees and stretched the gap to eight mid-way through the second-half.
Michael Glaveys enjoyed their strongest spell late on when they kicked those four points, all converted frees by Andrew Glennon, but never looked like rescuing a result.
Moy Tir na nOg: N Brady; P Mackle, T McNicholl, T Conlon; A Currie, M Gribbin, N Conlon; C Cavanagh, E Deeney (0-1, 0-1 45); D Conroy, E Rafferty, T Loughran (1-0); R Coleman (0-2), S Cavanagh (0-5, 0-5f), H Loughran (0-1). Subs: Conall Duffy (0-1) for Conroy (52 mins), A Donaghy for Rafferty (60), D McKeown for Currie (59), K McQuade for Coleman (61), K Kavanagh for Deeney (62), R O'Neill for Conlon (64).
Michael Glaveys: D O'Malley; T Murphy, L Cregg, D Frayne; G Patterson, N Morris, C Hussey; C Fitzmaurice, J Finan; S O'Malley, S Comer (0-1), D Ruane; C Heneghan, A Glennon (0-6, 0-4f), S Burke. Subs: T Murphy for Heneghan (20 mins), J Brennan for Ruane (h/t), S Markham for Cregg (62).
Referee: B Cawley (Kildare).
Faith
THE GREAT COMMANDMENTS: WHERE DO YOU STAND?
You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength and with all your mind; and your neighbor as yourself. Luke 10:27
Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen. Hebrews 11:1
Good morning Prayer Team!
What is the ultimate goal of life? The answer is salvation, entrance into the Kingdom of God, into eternal life. What is the number one goal of a marriage? Mutual salvation. What is the number one goal of a parent for a child? That they know Christ, so that they can receive salvation. Salvation is the ultimate goal, the ultimate purpose for life.
As St. Paul says so beautifully in his letter to the Hebrews, “faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.” Faith is our belief in the promises of God, the confidence to trust that all of the things the Lord has told us will come true. This means not only trusting in God's promises for eternal life, but trusting in God's commandments for how to live in this life. Faith means trusting God, living for God, and keeping God at the center of your life.
I often tell couples who are about to get married, as concerns faith, that God-willing, they will hold hands together in this life for many, many years. But after many years, one will most likely pass away first, so the one spouse who is remaining is going to take the hand of the spouse that is dying and place it in either the hand of God. And if not God, then what?
Faith, as it relates to our interactions with others, pertains to how we witness our Christianity towards them. We are not all called to be priests. We are not expected to stand on street corners holding signs. But we are all expected to help spread the faith. In fact, in giving the “Great Commission” in Matthew 28:19-20, Jesus tells His followers to “GO, MAKE disciples of all nations, BAPTIZING them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, TEACHING them to do all that I have commanded you.” These are four action verbs. We are not told to “Learn about the faith and keep what you learn to yourself.” We are told to go, make, baptize and teach.
So, how can we live out the Great Commission? How are we supposed to witness for our faith? There are two ways to lead—by example and by direction. We can talk about Christ—we can teach Sunday school, teach our children at home, and talk to friends about Christ. What do I mean talk to friends about Christ? There are opportunities, if we are looking for them, to bring Christ up in conversation. When you are talking to a friend who is in some kind of crisis, offer to say a prayer with them. Mention something you heard in a sermon. Talk about going to church on a holiday. There are many ways to do it.
More important, however, than the spoken example, is the examples of Christian behavior that are unspoken. Become a person of patience and forgiveness. Become a person of love and empathy. Become a person of peace. Think about all the stress in the world. When you act in a peaceful, optimistic way, people will take notice because peace and optimism are generally missing from the world. And when someone asks you how you have such peace and optimism, there is the opportunity to say, “It comes from my relationship with Christ.”
Faith (from a spiritual perspective)—On a scale of 1 to 10, how do you rank yourself on the following questions: Do I trust in God at all times, even when times are tough in my life? How often do I think of my salvation? Do I keep salvation as my number one life goal all the time?
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
If salvation isn't our number one goal, then what takes its place? Many of us write out life plans, goals and steps to achieving them. If salvation is the ultimate goal, think about what steps you need in order to make strides towards this goal. Make short term, intermediate term and long term spiritual goals.
Faith (from a relationship perspective)—Do I model a Christ-like example to others in my daily interactions with them? Do I witness for the faith to my friends by my conduct? Do I speak about the faith with my friends?
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Someone once said to me that if everyone in your congregation likes you, you are probably not a good priest. Because good priests challenge people and not everyone likes to be challenged. I would venture to say that if no one knows that we are Christians, then what kind of Christians are we? Because a Christian understands that part of being a Christian is witnessing for the faith and seeking to bring others towards Christ. A popular Protestant hymn says “They will KNOW we are Christians by our love.”
I delight to do Your will, O my God; Your law is within my heart. I have told the glad news of deliverance in the great congregation; lo, I have not restrained my lips, as You know, O Lord. I have not hid Your saving help within my heart, I have spoken of Your faithfulness and Your salvation; I have not concealed Your steadfast love and Your faithfulness from the great congregation. Do not, O Lord, withhold Your mercy from me, let Your steadfast love and Your faithfulness ever preserve me! Amen. Psalm 40:8-11
Put God first today!
+Fr. Stavros
Photo Credit: Faith United Church
The Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America originally commissioned by SCOBA to create a national, sustainable, and effective media witness for Orthodox Christianity and seekers around the world through media ministry. CLICK HERE to download our brochure.
This 501(c)3 is recognized as a leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty years. OCN shares the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media. We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide. We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week. Much like public radio, the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners, readers, and fans. If you are interested in supporting our work, you can send your gift by direct mail, over the phone, or on our website. Your gift will ensure that OCN may continue to offer free, high-quality, Orthodox media.
Signup to receive our newsletter email: info@myocn.net.
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you're on the go? OCN makes it easy! Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location.
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE!
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book.
_______________________________________________________________________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network. OCN is on Social Media! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Instagram
Protesters who interrupted a university debate speech by Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg have been condemned by MPs from across the political spectrum after the event descended into a “violent” confrontation.
A string of Labour MPs denounced a group who allegedly broke into the event at the University of the West of England (UWE) in Bristol and hurled insults at the Conservative.
Video footage posted to social media captured the scenes as Mr Rees-Mogg, who has been tipped as his party's next leader, appeared to step in to separate rivals as onlookers call for them stop.
According to one witness the MP was “pushed and shoved” as a tussle broke out and police are probing the incident.
Mr Rees-Mogg said he chose to engage with the protesters because he “knew they weren't going to hit me”.
“There were three hundred people here who wanted to engage in a serious debate and discussion, there were four or five people who wanted to shout — but they only wanted to shout,” he told the BBC.
“They weren't physically threatening. A little bit of shouting doesn't do anybody any harm... I take a very relaxed view of it.”
Universities Minister Sam Gyimah branded the protesters' behaviour “thuggish”, tweeting: “Free speech under the law is fundamental to our democracy. Well done @Jacob_Rees_Mogg for not being cowed into silence.”
Shadow education secretary Angela Rayner said she “utterly” condemned the “behaviour of those tonight who tried to attack (Mr Rees-Mogg) whilst he was due to speak at an event he was invited to”.
@BBCNews a huge amount of (physical) violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol pic.twitter.com/bfaOqAVwc6 — Chloe (@chloekayex) February 2, 2018
“It's extremely intimidating for any MP who travels alone to an event to be treated like this,” she said.
Labour's Yvette Cooper, chair of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee tweeted: “This is appalling. No excuse for violence & aggression like this.”
The party's MP for Bristol North West, Darren Jones, tweeted: “I'm deeply proud of Bristol and often deeply disagree with Jacob. But a small minority let down Bristol and our democracy tonight.”
Jo Swinson, deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats, said she was “appalled” by Mr Rees-Mogg's treatment, tweeting: “Deeply worrying to see violent tactics by political opponents.”
Brendan Cox, whose wife Jo, Labour MP for Batley and Spen, was murdered by a right-wing extremist in 2016, said the incident was “absolutely disgraceful”, adding: “Those who try & deny elected representatives the chance to speak attack democracy itself.”
UWE Bristol said it was “absolutely appalled” by the group's actions.
The MP said he did not feel in danger, adding: “If I felt threatened I wouldn't have gone up to talk to them. They're British, they weren't going to do me any harm. They disagree with me, they disapprove of everything I stand for, but they are good, honest British citizens. They weren't going to hit me.”
He told the Daily Telegraph the protesters shouted “no platform for Tory scum and other insults”, although he chose to engage with the group “to stop anyone is hit because the whole thing would have degenerated”.
UWE Bristol said it was believed a small group of protesters, who were not students at the university and did not have tickets to the event, broke into the lecture theatre through the back doors, before police and security were called.
The university's Politics and International Relations Society, which organised the debate, said it was “sorry the event was overshadowed by the actions of a few non-students”, adding: “It detracts from the great attitude that UWE students have towards debate and challenging political opinions.”
Mr Rees-Mogg went ahead with his speech and was escorted back to his car after the event finished, a university spokesman said.
“We support the democratic right of free speech and peaceful protest. However, we strongly condemn the actions of protesters who disrupted normal debate and behaved in this way,” the university said.
BBC Somerset reporter James Craig said Mr Rees-Mogg tried to “talk the protesters down”.
“But at that point various other members of the audience got involved as well and that's when this scuffle... happened and a lot of people got involved,” he told the broadcaster.
“It looked to me like Jacob Rees-Mogg himself got pushed and shoved, although he insists he wasn't.”
Avon and Somerset Police appealed for anyone to come forward with mobile phone footage to help the inquiry.
The force said in a statement: “We were called to the University of the West of England's Frenchay campus at about 6.30pm today following a report of a public order incident.
“No arrests were made and an investigation is under way to see if any criminal offences were committed.” – PA
Soulful London Songstress Sharlene-Monique Releases Her Debut EP ‘Destiny'
Her debut EP ‘Destiny' (released April 13th, 2018) combines emotive, soulful-tinged vocals with inspiring songs of empowerment, love, and self-acceptance. Her soothing vocal tones have been compared to the likes of Lianne La Havas & Tweet.
Sharlene-Monique is an award-winning singer-songwriter, who began singing in church aged 4. Her debut single ‘YOU' has been streamed over 135,000 times on Spotify, with 12,000 monthly listeners and won Best Solo, Best Inspirational and Music Video Of The Year at the Jump Music Video Awards 2017.
A Media Performance graduate, Identity Drama School attendee and founder of award nominated empowerment blog Be Uniquely You (http://beuniquelyyou.co.uk), Sharlene-Monique is now successfully tackling a new creative challenge; sharing her personal message of self-acceptance, self-love and self-empowerment to all who will lend their ear to her first release/debut single.
The multi-skilled musician hails from a past of singing dancing and teaching across the UK and Europe and has successfully earned her stripes in the lead up to a timely decision to begin practicing what she had so confidently shared to others for a number of years.
Speaking of her debut EP ‘Destiny', Sharlene-Monique says, “It feels amazing to finally release my songs. I've had messages from people all over the world who heard ‘You' and have asked for more music. I feel proud and passionate about every song and I hope people can connect to them.”
Destiny is a combination of self-penned songs written by Sharlene and collaborations with the likes of Jake Isaac and her husband (and producer) Chris Morris (chrismorrismusic.com). All songs have been mixed by Grammy award winning mix engineer Alan Branch.
‘Destiny' is now available for download via iTunes, Amazon, and Spotify.
DOWNLOAD via iTunes
STREAM via Spotify
The post Soulful London Songstress Sharlene-Monique Releases Her Debut EP ‘Destiny' appeared first on 360Nobs.com.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from 360Nobs.com. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Britain's fish fingers will be "safe in the hands" of the Government during Brexit talks, a minister has declared.
Treasury minister Mel Stride made the pledge after being urged by Labour's Mel Onn to offer assurances over the future over the tea-time favourite produced in her Great Grimsby constituency.
Ms Onn insisted sensible customs arrangements need to continue to prevent delays harming the "time-sensitive" fish trade and processing industry.
Speaking in the Commons, Mr Stride said: "Their fish fingers, indeed everybody's fish fingers, will be safe in the hands of this Government."
Ms Onn had told the minister: "Today's news on the customs arrangements during the transition phase will come as a very welcome update to business in the logistics ro-ro port operations, but particularly for the time-sensitive fish trade and processing industry.
"Continuation of these sensible arrangements are essential for the long-term future of Great Grimsby's processing sector and 5,000 jobs.
"Will he tell the British public that their Grimsby fish fingers will be safe in their hands after we leave the EU?"
Toulouse, 3rd July 2018 – Derichebourg Atis aéronautique, a leading international services provider for the aircraft industry, is pleased to announce the launch of its collaboration with Hi-Fly Marketing, the growing South African company specialising in technical services in the African aviation industry, as its commercial representative for developing its activities through the Sub-Saharan African Region.
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique has chosen Hi-Fly Marketing for their expertise and knowledge of the African market, which offers numerous perspectives of evolution regarding its demography and air traffic. This collaboration aims to bring greater value to African airlines, lessors and financial institutions by offering them after-sales support: continuous airworthiness management, customer representation & delivery assistance, technical assistance for aircraft transition & asset management, knowledge transfer…
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique and Hi-Fly Marketing also share a deep sense of service relying on a long-lasting expertise and the understanding of their customers' needs, as well as a combined vision for the future of the airline industry.
John Obi Mikel heroically overcame trauma to lead his nation against Argentina after he received news of his father's abduction because he decided to not let his nation down.
Nigeria's national soccer captain was informed his father has been abducted just hours before their group-deciding clash against Argentina.
The kidnappers threatened John Obi Mikel that his father would be instantly killed if he tried to contact law enforcement authorities. And like a true leader, the Nigerian captain led his team in the match as if nothing was amiss, while in reality, his father's life hanged in the balance.
Mikel received the call while he was travelling to the stadium for his match with Lionel Messi's side. With only four hours to go before the kick-off, a relative called him to inform of his father's abduction and gave him a designated number to contact. When Mikel did so, the kidnappers asked him to pay ransom in exchange for his father's release.
Mikel told The Guardian he could not tell anyone at the Nigerian Football Association because he did not want the news to be a distraction before the game.
“I was told that they would shoot my dad instantly if I reported to the authorities or told anybody. I also did not want to discuss it with the coach [Gernot Rohr] because I did not want my issue to become a distraction to him or the rest of the team on the day of such an important game. As much as I wanted to discuss it with the coach, I could not,” he said.
Understandably, it took all of Mikel's mental strength to keep his mind focused on the game as he tried to fulfill his duty to his nation.
“I was emotionally distraught and I had to make the decision about whether I was mentally ready to play. I was confused. I did not know what to do but, in the end, I knew that I could not let 180 million Nigerians down. I had to shut it out of my head and go and represent my country first,” he stated.
And he did just that.
The Nigerians put up a valiant fight which almost saw the star-studded Argentinean side out of the world cup. Mikel's team almost secured a position in the knock-out stage of the FIFA world cup, had it not been for Argentina's late winner, courtesy of Marcos Rojo.
Mikel's father, Pa Michael Obi, was rescued by local authorities who informed he was doing well. He endured injuries while in abduction and is being treated a hospital. This was the second time he was kidnapped; the first incident took place in 2011.
Our men have rescued Pa Michael Obi, the father of the Super Eagles captain Mikel Obi.
He was kidnapped along Markurdi - Enugu expressway but we rescued him today 2nd July, 2018 around 14:00hrs at Egede in Udi LGA of Enugu State.
He is hale and hearty. — EnuguStatePolice (@PoliceNG_Enugu) July 2, 2018
“Thankfully, my father was safely released on Monday afternoon. I thank the police authorities for their rescue efforts and the support I've received from friends and family members. Unfortunately, my dad is now in hospital receiving emergency treatment as a result of the torture he received during his capture,” Mikel said.
Nigeria may have been knocked out of the world cup but Mikel's heroics and his unwavering sense of duty to his country will go down in history.
Read More Touching Photo Of World Cup Fans Lifting Man In Wheelchair Goes Viral
Thumbnail/ Banner Credits: REUTERS/Matthew Childs
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City starlet Jesse Lingard summed up the euphoria of the nation with a superb Tweet.
The England attacker turned in a lung-bursting two hour effort on Tuesday night as the Three Lions recorded their first ever World Cup penalty shoot out success.
As soon as Eric Dier's spot kick hit the back of the Colombia net, England fans everywhere were contemplating going all the way in Russia.
And so were the players - as a chorus of ‘Coming home...' rang from every bar in the country, Lingard was adding his social media voice.
The 25-year-old Manchester United star has been a key man in England's march to the last eight and after a good season at Old Trafford is fulfilling the potential obvious when he was on loan at Blues.
Lingard spent the first half of the 2013/2014 campaign at St Andrew's, marked his debut with four goals against Sheffield Wednesday but was cruelly recalled, sending Lee Clark's team into a tailspin.
Those memories are distant now though as the Warrington-born Lingard goes for World Cup glory - meaning his mum will have to wait.
More Blues
Birmingham City's first full Championship campaign under Garry Monk is just round the corner.
His squad is well into its pre-season preparations, during which playing style - and the fitness to implement it, will be honed.
But the Blues manager still has plenty on his plate, with familiar faces set to leave, new ones hopeful of arriving, whilst all the time ensuring the ones who remain are all rowing in the same direction.
With so many balls in the air, we analyse what Monk must do - before one is kicked.
Mind games
Monk repeatedly emphasised the importance of players' attitude during and after the open training session.
He was pleased with what he saw at the end of last season - and has been gratified that the squad has stuck to the summer programmes they were sent away with.
And he voiced his pleasure at how they have thrown themselves at the first few weeks of training.
But he left no-one in any doubt that making sure the unity of his early tenure is aligned to a raised level of professionalism and ambition this time.
It might come across as coach-speak but Monk's belief that the right attitude is the foundation of everything is total.
Squad build
The defence looks solid but that's about the only area of the team that Monk won't feel needs attention.
The goalkeeping department is the most obvious. The previous two incumbents have been told they can go elsewhere, though surely one will go on the training camp to Austria unless reinforcements are brought in sharpish.
Monk will want to look at the balance of his central midfielders and whether a more creative type can be added to the destructive options.
And clearly there's a space for a consistent goal-scorer. Blues had huge problems on that front last term with Sam Gallagher's extremely modest return of six their best in league competition.
As things stand he has Lukas Jutkiewicz and Che Adams as his only two fit front-line strikers, until Isaac Vassell completes his comeback.
All the while there's the over-riding ethos of not destabilising the group as happened last summer. The numbers around cost and bodies will need to be managed.
Playing style
It's so important Blues know what their strengths are and how to play to them, before the season kicks off.
That was very much an asset under Gary Rowett - and consequently the team made a fast start in both of his seasons.
Blues put together a strong finish last term and don't be too shocked if the same system and approach is replicated at the beginning of this.
Monk has a grasp on what type of team Birmingham City supporters want to see - but is intent on enhancing last season's approach by adding quality through coaching and the transfer market.
Likely lads
Several of the Under 23 squad have been training with the first team squad so far this summer.
Obviously the rookie goalkeepers have been heavily involved, which will aid their development and fire their motivation to join the senior ranks full time.
But several outfield players have been given an opportunity too.
Creative midfielder Charlie Lakin has a chance to show Monk he might not need to go overboard in the transfer market.
Attackers Odin Bailey and Beryly Lubala are also being given plenty of air time.
At the back Dan Scarr and Steve Seddon are testing themselves against the established players.
Monk only needs one or two to emerge as viable contenders for the Championship and it'll be like a new signing.
Managing expectations
It's very tempting to extrapolate the five wins from the final nine games - and Monk's average return of 1.45 points per match over the course of an entire season.
That'd equal around 67 points, throw in the fact he's starting from a higher base, add a fair wind and you're already dreaming about a play-off challenge.
And that might come to pass, Millwall and Cardiff proved last term what can be created from stability.
However, the other reality is that Blues have nearly gone down in three of the last five seasons. There are gaps in their squad and Monk's tenure is still very much in its infancy.
Everyone will want to hear him say ‘promotion', ‘play-offs' or ‘top six' but don't be surprised if his public utterances are far more equivocal.
Can't Walk
As soon as Eric Dier's penalty hit the back of the Colombia net the Spurs midfielder was joined - and mobbed - by his jubilant England team-mates.
The 24-year-old had written his name in history by winning the Three Lions' first ever World Cup shoot out.
England had plucked glory from the jaws of frustration and march on to face Sweden in the last eight.
It was the definitive moment when you'd want to celebrate with your friends and team-mates.
(Image: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images)
So why wasn't Kyle Walker there? Surely as a fellow Tottenham player he'd be first there to share the adulation.
Instead the ex-Aston Villa defender dropped to the ground as England won the match, and not just because he was overcome with elation.
Towards the end of extra time, Walker could be seen struggling with his leg.
It's not yet clear whether the former Tottenham star has damaged his calf or whether he was just suffering with cramp.
But he took to social media after the game to acknowledge the fact he wasn't a part of the celebrations with a rather humorous tweet.
England fans party through night to celebrate World Cup 2018 penalty shoot-out victory over Colombia
Alongside a picture of the squad cheering, he wrote: “Dad, can you show me that photo of you guys running after reaching the quarter final? - Nah son.”
Boss Gareth Southgate heaped praise on the team after the match, saying: “I am so pleased for everybody involved.
“We deserved to win and we played really well in a big game under pressure.
“It couldn't have been a crueller blow on the final whistle, but we kept our discipline under extreme provocation and we kept our shape. If you could choose a way to win, that would be it, but you wouldn't choose the process.”
United States 31-05-2018. ClusterOne is the large scale deep learning platform with a range of new features which make it is easy for engineers to work over complex projects. It provides modern deep learning services along with increased accuracy while working on models. This platform has pre-trained models and a facility to generate your own models. ClusterOne has flexibility and it allows all kind of engineers to easily and quickly achieve results from the complex projects.
It is easy and simple to use ClusterOne for development of AI applications. If you need deep learning platform for TensorFlow, PyTorch or any other framework then make sure you use ClusterOne. It is ideal to provide you the facility to streamline your complex projects and to deploy your models. It will be very easy, fast and simple for you to manage code, projects and data with no hassle.
If you are looking for the deep learning platform that works over your unique needs then make sure you prefer ClusterOne. It is viable option for your needs will definitely work over your needs regarding development of AI. By using ClusterOne, you can easily ensure success of your large to small size AI projects. It is a fully-managed deep learning platform that enables you to build and deploy predictive analytics solutions.
When it comes to development of AI applications then a deep learning platform can be great help. If you are looking for the best large scale deep learning platform then ClusterOne is the right choice. It provides the complete tool kit to developers to create an environment to work over the AI projects. While using this platform, you don't need to bother as you can run it on all the infrastructures. In addition to this, ClusterOne is ideal choice for all kind of AI frameworks available.
For questions or detail about ClusterOne you can visit at:
https://clusterone.com/enterprise/
Continue reading Everything Is Love: 10 Epic Duets That Remind Us Of Black Love
Everything Is Love: 10 Epic Duets That Remind Us Of Black Love It's Summer time, and these are the perfect duets to listen to and sing with your Bae.
The Global Blood Processing Devices and Consumables Market report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this Global Market Share, Size, and Trends.
Blood processing is a technique required to prepare and identify the blood and blood products, to check their suitability for therapeutic, prophylactic or other in-vivo or in-vitro purposes. Blood processing devices and consumables are widely used in the storage, dispensation, and administration of donated blood. Some blood storage and extraction devices such as blood bags, lancets, freezers, and refrigerators are used for the storage of a large amount of blood for an extended period. Furthermore, blood processing devices and such as cell processors, laboratory equipment, and haematology reagents, are typically used to inspect the donated blood for the presence of a variety of haematological aberrations and blood-borne diseases.
The global blood processing devices and consumables market have gained remarkable growth owing to increasing aging population and rise in diseases related to blood transfusion. Continuing research and studies demonstrating positive results is widening the scope of blood processing devices and consumables for the diagnosis and treatment of diseases. Moreover, the introduction of innovative blood processing devices in the market coupled with favorable reimbursement policies are fuelling the market growth. The market is further boosted by development in the production of processing devices and consumables. However, the global blood processing devices and consumables market are hampered by lack of blood processing infrastructure in low-income countries and severe regulatory guidelines. Moreover, high capital investment and steep operational costs are also creating an aversion among vendors of blood processing devices and consumables.
Download a Free Sample Copy Click Here
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
By geography, hematology analyzers market is studied across the countries of key regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is estimated to account for the largest share of the market. The growth of the North America hematology analyzers market is driven by factors such as rising prevalence of patients suffering from blood disorders, increasing rate target diseases and high disposable income of the people in the region.
Global Hematology Analyzers Market Is Led By Leading Companies:
Some of the major entities operating in the blood processing devices and consumables market include Abbott Laboratories, Becton Dickinson and Company, Beurer GmbH, BioMerieux SA, Bio-Rad Laboratories, Danaher Corporation, Grifols International, Haemonetics Corporation, Immucor, Inc., Macopahrma SA, Roche Holdings AG and Terumo Corporation among others.
Inquire for further detailed information about Hematology Analyzers https://axiommrc.com/speak-to-analyst/?report=1711
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Hematology Analyzers market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What are the key Companies in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Hematology Analyzers market?
God is Love
We will now be including the daily reading of Epistle and Gospel with The Prayer Team.
Fruits of the Spirit
The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control. Galatians 5: 22-23
Beloved, let us love one another; for love is of God, and He who loves is born of God and knows God. He who does not love does not know God; for God is love. In this the love of God was made manifest among us, that God sent His only Son into the world, so that we might live through Him. In this is love, not that we loved God but that He loved us and sent His Son to be the expiation for our sins. Beloved, if God so loved us, we also ought to love one another. No man has ever seen God; if we love one another, God abides in us and His love is perfected in us. By this we know that we abide in Him and He in us, because He has given us of His own Spirit. And we have seen and testify that the Father has sent His Son as the Savior of the world. Whoever confesses that Jesus is the Son of God, God abides in Him, and He in God. So we know and believe the love God has for us. God is love, and he who abides in love abides in God, and God abides in him. In this is love perfected with us, that we may have confidence for the day of judgment, because as He is so are we in this world. There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out all fear. For fear has to do with punishment, and he who fears is not perfected in love. We love because He first loved us. I John 4: 7-19
Good morning Prayer Team!
In his Universal Letter, St. John also included a chapter on love. While not spoken of as often as I Corinthians 13, this chapter equates God with love. We are to love one another because love is from God, and the one who loves is born of God and knows God. If one does not love, he cannot know God. For God is love.
God united Himself, love and us all together in sending Jesus Christ into the world. Christ showed us what it means to love. He united God and man by being perfect God and perfect man. And He also united us, the human beings, to Him, by being among us. God and love are united, so that through God we may come to know what love is and through love, we may come to know God.
If God loves us, if the perfect God loves the imperfect human beings, if the perfect God has the capacity to love the imperfect human beings, then the imperfect people ought to be able to love each other. If God can love us, then we must love each other.
No one has seen God, but we experience God through loving one another. We experience God in being loved by others. We also experience God in a private way through prayer and private devotion. We experience God in love. In Matthew 18:20, Jesus says that where two or three are gathered in His name, He is there in the midst of them. So, when people gather in love, God stands with them. Whether this is two spouses, or a parent and child, or visiting a friend in the hospital, or just giving some encouragement, any gesture of love is accompanied by the presence of God.
Love is the means by which we abide in God and God abides in us. So, if we abide in love, we abide in God, and if we choose to abide in God, then it follows that we abide in love. And by abiding in God's love, we are supposed to take a measure of confidence for our day of judgment, for our judgement will be based on how we loved God and one another.
There is no fear in love. The two cannot coexist. So if you are someone who causes fear in other people, there is no love when we are making others fearful. And in this moment, we become distant from God. We've all, at some point or other, made someone nervous, maybe we've caused someone's blood pressure to rise. Sadly, there are people who do that to others on a regular basis. And even sadder, there are people who pride themselves at putting fear into others. Again, fear and love cannot co-exist. That doesn't mean that loving people don't occasionally make others fearful. As you evaluate your life, think over whether you are a person who exudes more fear or love, and if the answer is that you are someone who puts fear into others regularly, you might reconsider your conduct. Because God is a God of love, not of fear. And those who love God lead with love, not with fear.
God is not asking us to do something He hasn't done first. God has loved us, which is why we are supposed to love Him and love one another. He has defined what love is and He has set the standard in sending down His Son to die for us.
Lord, thank You for the gift of Your love. Help me to be someone who leads with love and not with fear. Take away my fears and replace them with the love and comfort that come from You. Help me to know You better through loving others and through their love for me. Surround me with loving and encouraging people. Help me to love others and You have loved us. Amen.
Evaluate whether you are someone who exudes love or fear, and think of ways to show more love and bring less fear into others!
+Fr. Stavros
With Roger Hunt providing today's Daily Reading: Listen Now.
These readings are under copyright and is used by permission. All rights reserved. These works may not be further reproduced, in print or on other websites or in any other form, without the prior written authorization of the copyright holder: Reading © Holy Transfiguration Monastery – Brookline, MA, Apolytikion of Abbot Marcellus © Narthex Press, Kontakion of Abbot Marcellus © Holy Transfiguration Monastery – Brookline, MA.
The Revised Standard Version of the Bible is copyrighted 1946, 1952, 1971, and 1973 by the Division of Christian Education of the National Council of the Churches of Christ in the U.S.A. and used by permission. From the Online Chapel of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America.
Photo Credit: Kimberly Elise
ABOUT THE ORTHODOX CHRISTIAN NETWORK
Orthodox Christian Network (OCN) is a 501(c)3 and an official agency of the Assembly of Canonical Bishops of the United States of America . It is a recognized leader in the Orthodox Media field and has sustained consistent growth over twenty-two years. We have worked to create a community for both believers and non believers alike by sharing the timeless faith of Orthodoxy with the contemporary world through modern media. We are on a mission to inspire Orthodox Christians Worldwide. We have reached 5.7 Million People in One Week and we want to reach millions more! Signup to receive our newsletter email: info@myocn.net.
Do you find it hard to keep focused on Christ when you're on the go? OCN makes it easy! You can be inspired daily by the OCN programming from where ever you are by plugging into our Listen, Read, Watch , Wors hip. To learn more about emerging Orthodox leaders in our Community check out OCN 30 Under 30 Initiative. It is an opportunity to show support for and invest in this next generation of trailblazers.
Much like public radio, the Orthodox Christian Network relies on the support of our listeners, readers, volunteers, and fans. If you are interested in supporting our work, you can send your sustaining gift by direct mail, over the phone, or on our website. Your gift will ensure the continued growth of this encouraging Orthodox Community by providing faith-building, free, high-quality programming. Give today to help you and your Orthodox community stay connected no matter the location.
ORTHODOX MOBILE APPS ARE HERE!
Click here to download the Spark OCN and Orthodox Prayer Book.
______________________________ ______________________________ ___________
Posted by the Orthodox Christian Network. OCN is on Social Media! Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and Instagram
- Above is the full match between The Shield and The Wyatt Family at Elimination Chamber in 2014. Near the end of the match, Reigns would spear Luke Harper and Bray would take advantage of the slight distraction to hit Sister Abigail and get the victory for his team.
- According to PWInsider, WWE will be holding more tryouts this week, beginning on February 8. Some of the names headed to the tryout are: Matt Van Buren (former UFC/Bellator fighter), Alexia Nicole (Canadian indie wrestler), Evan Cloyd (known as Jarek 1:20 in EVOLVE), and Austin Theory (popular wrestler in EVOLVE). Cloyd also sent in a submission tape for Tough Enough back in 2015.
See Also Roman Reigns Calls Himself Best In-Ring Performer Today
- As noted, Alicia Fox was unable to wrestle in the first-ever women's Royal Rumble match due to a broken tailbone. She has also been taken out of the Mixed Match Challenge with Goldust now teaming up with Mandy Rose. Fox's injury was sustained during the rehearsals for the Rumble match last weekend. Yesterday on Instagram, Fox confirmed the injury saying, "Ok it's true I broke my ass" and thanked everyone for their support.
A pupil of the Solidarity International School, Miss Lily Tugbah has been crowned the overall winner of this year's Scripps National Spelling Bee contest. She took home a trophy, GH¢10,000 Ecobank Junior Saver account, GH¢10,000 educational scholarship fund from Indomie, a DSTV decoder, souvenirs from other sponsors and an all-expense-paid trip to the United States of America to represent Ghana at the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee Contest.
Miss Gabriella Ellis of the Delli Public School and Miss Ewoenam Yayra Afetsi of SOS Hermann Gmeiner, took the second and third positions respectively. They also had an all-expense paid trip to Johannesburg, a DSTV decoder and a voucher from Blue Knights Bookshop each, as well as souvenirs from other sponsors.
The spelling competition had 197 students from various schools across the country out of which 10 qualified for the grand finale. The competition was purposely to inspire reading among youngsters and teach students how to use the English Language effectively.
The Executive Director of the National Spelling Bee Scripps, Ms Paige Kimble expressed her gratitude to the Spelling Bee team for the hospitality shown them.
She then presented the Country Director of Spelling Bee Ghana, Mrs Eugenia Tachie-Menson with a plaque to express acknowledgement of the love she has for the Ghanaian child.
Mrs Tachie-Menson said,” I dedicate this award to the children of Ghana who ensured my dreams become a reality”.
The General Manager of De United Foods Industries Limited, Mr Mahesh Shah, congratulated the contestants on their hard work.
The US Ambassador to Ghana, Mr Robert Jackson, expressed his gratitude to the coaches of the participants.
Middlemore Hospital will receive cannabis products from medical marijuana company Tilray, it was revealed today.
The Canadian company, which describes itself as a global leader in medical cannabis research and production, released a statement saying it had received necessary approvals in Canada and New Zealand to export medical cannabis to this country.
Tilray would supply Middlemore Hospital in south Auckland with medical cannabis oil containing tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD).
"We are proud to be able to offer patients in need access to high-quality, pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products," said Tilray president Brendan Kennedy.
The first shipment of Tilray products was expected to arrive in Auckland by the end of February.
The announcement follows a recent loosening of medical cannabis laws in New Zealand, which gives the Ministry of Health the ability to approve applications for medicinal cannabis products. Previously all applications had to be signed off by the Health Minister.
Middlemore Hospital has been sought for comment.
- NZ Herald
Prof. Aman Agarwal, Director, Indian Institute of Finance, Greater Noida, proposed setting up Mobile Mandis & Mandis on Wheels for Efficient Agriculture Markets facilitating doubling farmers Income. In this respect he appreciated Finance Minister- Shri Arun Jaitley's initiatives in the Union Budget 2018-19 focusing on the aspiration of the Farmers (Kisan) ; the Youth and the Senior Citizens by providing for a Healthy and Happy Living through Growth oriented Forward Looking Budget.
Professor Agarwal feels that one of the most serious problems of Agriculture produce is marketing and realization of appropriate Price (returns) for their produce. The Finance Minister has rightly proposed 22,000 rural Haats to be developed and updated into agricultural market to protect the interest of 86% small and marginal farmers. In this respect Prof. Agarwal urged the Government to promote and develop “Mobile Mandi & Mandi on Wheels for Efficient Agriculture Markets for Doubling Farmers (Kisan) Income”
Prof. Agarwal appreciated that the Finance Minister has given due emphasis to Agriculture [more specifically Farmers (Kisans)], which house 70-75 % of India's population in Agriculture (including Agro based Industries) after a gap of almost Four (4) decades in the Union Budget of India. Finance Minister's proposal to raise the MSP to one and a half time for all agricultural produce will greatly help the farmers in increasing their incomes states Professor Agarwal
There has been a serious concern voiced by the Farmers (Kisans) for over Three (3) decades for not-getting an appropriate price for their produce given the difference of price which is clearly evident from the price a farmer gets for selling his produce against the market price at which it is sold to the end consumer. The difference at times has been to the tune of over 35-300% of the price that farmer gets after working hard for the full year. This has been due to the fact that there has been excessive hoarding (Kalabazari) and exploitation by the middle men involved in connecting the farmers (Kisan) produce to the end consumer through mandies. The Union Budget 2018-19 and the actions taken by the Government in the last 3 years have been trying to resolve / reduce such exploitation.
IIF have undertaken large number of studies on financing agriculture and improving the lot of farmers and poverty alleviation. IIF had proposed the formulation of Kisan Credit Cards and Corporate Farming at various forums, conferences & news channels between 1995 to 1997. This was brought to light by the joint action taken by Government of India, RBI and the Ministry of Agriculture.
Prof. Agarwal stated that IIF recent study indicates that by adopting the concept of Mobile Mandi and Mandi on Wheels the Government would be able to facilitate in
(a) Doubling the income of farmers (Kisan) possibility within one or two years;
(b) Reducing the role of middle men, exploitation and price disparities;
(c) Reducing wastages of produce;
(d) Managing inflation (especially food inflation)
(e) Reducing the burden on Exchequer / Treasury (Fiscal Spending toward grant of loan waivers and the heavy Cost control measures undertaken by Government to control fueling prices from time to time).
The Mobile Mandies and Mandi on Wheel will lead to creation of efficient agriculture markets by removing information asymmetry and robust food buffers to be appropriately allocated toward the need of growing India. Prof. Agarwal has advocated development of “mobile mandies and mandies on wheel” in his TV Interviews in Lok Sabha TV (30-01-2018); Rajya Sabha TV (1-02-2018); All India Radio (2-02-2018) and Delhi Doordarshan TV (DD News) (2-02-2018) and at series of academic forums in the November 2017 to – January 2018.
The Geneses of “Mobile Mandi & Mandi on Wheels” is based on the fact that the poorest of the poor, small and marginal farmers are connected via mobile today given the telecommunication drives in India since the early 2000s. With the power of Mobile, the farmer today can communicate the information of the produce through SMS / WhatsApp to Centralized Mandi Hub System which will then connect the message to all Mandies (Large / Small). This will greatly remove information asymmetry. It is heartening to see that the connectivity between the large and small mandies (proposed Haats) has been provisioned in the Union Budget 2018-19 by the Finance Minister. The message is then routed to the nearest mandies whereby necessary mobilization for collection of produce from the farmer can be facilitated and hence forth reducing the direct cost to the farmer (Kisan) due to middle man / hoardings. The reduction of cost to the farmer (kisan) has been raised as a key concern factor by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi in his address to the nation immediately after the presentation of the Union Budget 2018-19.
Prof. Agarwal strongly feels that this Budget is a Path Breaking Budget. It is Growth oriented Progressive, Forward Looking and Practical. The Budget will foster growth in social sector and the economy; the needs of farmer (Kisan, Agriculturist); reducing poverty; healthcare; women, youth and senior citizens of India. The budget will also ensure the re-emergence of the feeling of Sone Ki Chidiya (Golden Bird) in the hearts of every Hindustani for a better happy and healthy living in Bharat.
Pune: If you ever remind a cigarette smoker of its impending risks of lung cancer, often you are scoffed at with “there are so many non-smokers, who get lung cancer…I might as well smoke”. Well! they aren't completely wrong.A non-smoker may also get lung cancer due to second hand smoke, pollution and carcinogens (eg. asbestos) at the work place. So, is the smoker really correct when he ridicules your advice? Not really. One, that people who smoke cigarettes are 15 to 30 times more likely to get lung cancer or die from lung cancer than people who do not smoke. Second, lung cancer of a smoker and that of a non-smoker are not exactly similar.
Let's see how lung cancer originates and how they are treated. Cancer causing agent such as cigarette smoke enter the lungs and come in contact with the cells that form the inner lining of the lungs. Effectively, they make change(s) in the DNA of these cells called “mutations”. Some of these DNA changes or mutation(s), make a cell go berserk and make them divide uncontrollably leading to tumor formation. Some of the initial sign and symptoms of lung cancer are: cough that doesn't go away, coughing blood, chest pain, loss of weight/ appetite, shortness of breath etc. When patient goes to a cancer doctor, s/he performs certain tests- 1. Sputum cytology: looking for cancer cells in sputum 2. Chest X-ray and CT scan: taking images to detect the tumor. 3. Biopsy and histopathological exam: to classify the cancer into subtypes. Earlier, all these examinations used to help the cancer doctor choose a chemotherapy treatment. From 2009 onwards, newer drugs called targeted therapies proved themselves to be better than chemotherapy in terms of increased overall survival and reduced side effects, in lung cancer patients. These were pills one could pop orally and one does not have to go to doctor's clinic for chemotherapy administration.Various targeted therapies for lung cancer are currently approved by US FDA: Erlotinib (Tarceva), Afatinib (Gilotrif), Gefitinib (Iressa), Osimertinib (Tagrisso), Necitumumab (Portrazza), Crizotinib (Xalkori), Ceritinib (Zykadia), Alectinib (Alecensa), Brigatinib (Alunbrig), Dabrafenib (Tafinlar), Trametinib (Mekinist), Bevacizumab (Avastin), Ramucirumab (Cyramza). Newer and more effective targeted therapies are made every year. However, each targeted therapy acts against a specific mutation(s). For eg.Gefitinib (Iressa), acts against mutation(s)in a gene called EGFR and Crizotinib (Xalkori) acts against mutation(s) in ALK gene, hence a patient with ALK mutation cannot be treated by Gefitinib and vice versa. Thus currently a cancer doctor invariably gets lung tumor assessed in a genomics laboratory. Genomic lab analyses the tumor DNA and detects the precise gene mutation which is driving the cancer. Subsequent to the test, cancer doctor may prescribe a targeted therapy.
Interestingly smoker's and non-smoker's tumor DNA look very different.
Even for an untrained eye, it would be quite evident that mutation picture associated with a smoker and that with a non-smoker looks very different. That is the case indeed. Frequently, the mutations that drive these two separate type are tumor are different and hence their treatment also differs. Smokers are usually associated with a subtype of lung cancer called squamous cell carcinoma while non-smokers are typically associated with adenocarcinoma. Non-smokers (adenocarcinoma) are frequently detected with mutations in EGFR and ALK genes that can be treated by multiple targeted therapies. On the other hand lung cancer of smokers (squamous cell carcinoma) are frequently driven by gene mutations that aren't EGFR or ALK, but by PIK3CA, FGFR1 etc and there are no FDA approved targeted therapies to treat mutations in these genes in lung cancer patients. Even if a smoker is detected with adenocarcinoma, frequently the driving mutation comes out to be in KRAS gene which again can't be treated by any existing targeted therapy. In fact patients with KRAS mutations appear to have a shorter survival than patients with normal KRAS. Also, a tumor with KRAS mutation, usually does not have a simultaneous mutation in targetable EGFR, ALK, ROS1 and BRAF genes. Thus a smoker will more often than not have a tumor that can't be treated by a targeted therapy, hence may end up getting treated by platinum based chemotherapy such as Cisplatin.
Thus, here we see that smoking not only increases the risk of getting lung cancer by 15 to 30 times, but it may frequently lead to a tumor thatmay can't be yet treated by new generation of targeted therapies.
At Neuberg Center of Genomic Medicine, Ahmedabad, we perform state of the art test called OncoCEPT solid (CEPT: Comprehensive Evaluation for Personalized Treatment). This single test analyses all possible targetable mutation in any lung tumor and helps cancer doctor choose the best course of treatment. OncoCEPT solid is based on state of the art Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) platform.
Dr. Siddharth Srivastava
Chief Scientist (Molecular Oncology)
Neuberg Center of Genomic Medicine, Ahmedabad
Email: Siddharth.vastav@supratechlabs.com
References:
1. NCCN clinical practice guidelines in oncology, Non small cell lung cancer, version 3.2018.
2. Govindan R, Ding L, Griffith M, et al. Genomic landscape of non-small cell lung cancer in smokers and never smokers. Cell. 2012;150(6):1121-1134. doi:10.1016/j.cell.2012.08.024.
3. Davis A. A., et al. Association of tumor mutational burden with smoking and mutation status in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).J ClinOncol 35, 2017 (suppl 7S; abstract 24).
4. Herbst RS. Et al, The biology and management of non-small cell lung cancer.Nature. 2018 Jan 24;553(7689):446-454. doi: 10.1038/nature25183.
5. Reck M et al, Precision Diagnosis and Treatment for Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer.N Engl J Med. 2017 Aug 31;377(9):849-861. doi: 10.1056/NEJMra1703413
Photo: Greg Williams
By Jon Wiederhorn
Heading into the 2018 GRAMMY nomination season, many expected Ed Sheeran to sweep numerous categories. While he was nominated for two GRAMMYs – Best Pop Solo Performance (“Shape Of You”) and Best Pop Vocal Album (Divide) — Sheeran isn't on the ballot for the biggest awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year.”
Related: Ed Sheeran Trades Beer-Stained Shirt For Niall Horan Hockey Jersey
In a recent interview, Sheeran said he wasn't upset when he found out about the snub; in fact, he believes it was ‘meant to be.'
“There's a very clear reason why that happened and it's bigger than me, like much bigger than me. And like it's just something that, again, it was just meant to be,” he told Billboard. “That is the way that this year was meant to roll out.”
Sheeran added that he has everything going for him, and he has received numerous recent honors and accolades, so why complain?
“You know, I'm not dying. It's not like I'm never gonna be nominated for a Grammy again,” he said. “And I was nominated for two GRAMMYs. This is why everything's meant to be. The week after that, I get an MBE from the palace, I go Number One on Spotify, I go Number One on Billboard. I'm about to have my second ever Billboard Number One. Like, there are so many other things in the mix that counterbalance it.”
“That's just the way I live my life,” he concluded. “When one door closes, another door opens. You'll really, really send yourself mental if you think into things too much, and I'm just so easy-going when it comes to that.”
Former ROH Champion Adam Cole has signed a deal with WWE, according to PWInsider. Cole will be working the WWE NXT brand.
No word yet on when Cole will make his NXT debut but he is scheduled to start training at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando this week.
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Saudi government allegedly funded a 'dry run' for 9/11 Fresh evidence submitted in a major 9/11 lawsuit moving forward against the Saudi Arabian government reveals its embassy in Washington may have funded a “dry run” for the hijackings carried...
FDNY to keep honoring 9/11-related deaths on separate memorial The FDNY will not change a controversial practice that has some firefighters fuming — honoring those who die of 9/11-related illness on a different memorial wall than those killed while...
Obama finally reaches his lame duck moment President Obama just took a fateful step that's near-certain to mark the start of his lame-duck days in office — the time when members of Congress don't worry about crossing...
Despite '28 pages' release, Saudi's 9/11 involvement still buried The White House thinks releasing the “28 pages” summarizing Saudi involvement in 9/11 satisfied the public's need to know. But don't be fooled. The full story remains buried under more...
Cops are scared, the 9/11 coverup, and other notable commentary of the day From the right: Hillary's Really Eyeing This Guy for Veep? Jim Geraghty at National Review is astonished that Hillary Clinton's vice-presidential short list is said to include Agriculture Secretary Tom...
Saudis stonewalled US terror probes before, after 9/11: report WASHINGTON — Saudi Arabia was so uncooperative in US terror investigations before and after 9/11 that one New York FBI investigator slammed the kingdom as “useless and obstructionist,” according to...
Mum stabs herself in chest as she trips over the
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
How Theresa May called for a snap election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp might be hoping his fortunes in Birmingham improve now that he's managing one of the city's clubs.
The new Blues manager has a win ratio of just 28% in England's second largest city.
Redknapp has won just nine of the 32 games he's played against either Aston Villa or City in Birmingham over the course of his career.
He has drawn 15 of those matches though, which mean he's picked up 44 per cent of the points available to him on a three for a win, one for a draw basis.
That does mean that the Birmingham-based side has come away with at least a point in 72% of those games though.
Five of Redknapp's Birmingham wins came against his new club while four were against Aston Villa.
That gives him a win ratio of 38% against City and one of 21% against Villa.
Games in Birmingham
Opponent | Redknapp's wins | Draws | Redknapp's losses | Total games
Aston Villa | 4 | 10 | 5 |19
Birmingham City | 5 | 5 | 3 | 13
Overall | 9 | 15 | 8 | 13
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
Though the weekend forecast calls for a 30 percent chance of rain, according to the National Weather Service in Brownsville, that won't stop the fun at the South Padre Island Kite Fest.
That's the word from longtime Kite Fest organizer and owner of B&S Kites, Bob Doan. “It goes on rain or shine, no matter what, it has to go,” Doan said Wednesday.
Later, he joked that he tried to avoid saying the word “rain” when he spoke about the event. “It's looking good for everything,” he said of the weather forecast. “And you don't say any four-letter “R” words,” he said.
Doan has been putting the event together for the last 15 years, he said. Thousands of people come out to attend the three-day festival each year. Last year, even though a brief rain shower dampened things for a couple of hours on a Friday morning, overall attendance stood at approximately 5,000 people.
“They don't all come at one time,” he added. “At any one given time there's probably about 700-800 people out there,” he said.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Folk stalwarts Fairport Convention celebrated their 50th anniversary with a mammoth three-hour headline set on Saturday night at their annual Cropredy Convention.
With a career spanning set bringing the festival to a close, Fairport were joined by former members and guests who all played in front of thousands of adoring fans.
Picture: David Jackson
In traditional style, the band played a short acoustic set on Thursday afternoon to officially get the festival under way before Feast of Fiddles and Show of Hands followed.
The Trevor Horn Band were among the highlights of the opening day with a set packed with some of the biggest hits of the 1980s.
The former member of Buggles and notorious songwriter and producer, delighted audiences with a set including Two Tribes, Video Killed the Radio Star, t.A.T.u's All The Things She Said and Owner of a Lonely Heart.
The band was joined by Russ Ballard for a version of God Gave Rock ‘n' Roll To You and ended with Relax by Fankie Goes To Hollywood.
Picture: David Jackson
Thursday headliners The Divine Comedy brought a Napoleonic feeling to Cropredy, with frontman Neil Hannon dressed as the former French emperor.
While most of their set comprised of tracks form their latest album Foreverland and 1996's Casanova, the likes of Generation Sex and National Express were a great reminder of the band's ability to craft indie pop gems.
The Friday was opened by BBC Radio 2 Young Folk Award winners Josie Duncan and Pablo Lafuente before the Gerry Colvin Band, Quill and the GIgspanner Big Band followed.
Among the highlights of the second day was Bedfordshire's CC Smugglers who upped the energy levels with a set packed full of fast paced folk and roots music.
Picture: David Jackson
Melbourne duo the Pierce Brothers followed, returning to the Cropredy stage for the second year running.
They kept the tempo going with an irresistible energy and frantic live show which saw the pair switching between drums, guitars and the occasional didgeridoo.
World renowned singer Petula Clarke followed. With a career spanning seven decades and sales of more than 68 million, Clarke opened with her 1967 hit Don't Sleep In The Subway.
Regularly pausing to chat to the Crorpedy Crowd, Clarke's set included the likes of Never Enough of Your, Crazy and I Couldn't Live Without Your Love.
Picture: David Jackson
Her set featured covers including Blackbird by The Beatles, Fever by Peggy Lee and While You See A Chance by Steve Winwood and she finished with Downtown and Rainbow.
Closing Cropredy's second night was former Fairport member Richard Thompson.
Initially taking to the stage to play a series of tracks solo including They Tore The Hippodrome Down and Valerie, he was later joined by Christine Collister before they were joined by Simon Nicol, Dave Pegg and Dave Matacks for the remainder of his set which he closed with Tear Stained Letter.
The final day of Crorpedy was opened by Morris On whom were followed by Judy Dyble's Band of Perfect Strangers.
The day had a rockier feel with and Cats In Space and Marillion both providing a heavier soundtrack to a sunny Saturday.
Fronted by Steve Hogarth, returning rockers Marillion treated fans to a sizable chunk of their latest album F.E.A.R before closing with King.
Picture: David Jackson
Scottish singer songwriter Dougie MacLean followed with a solo set of songs and storytelling, but by then the sizeable crowed were ready to celebrate Fairport's half a century celebration.
While Fairport Convention's headline sets at Cropredy are renowned for featuring guests and friends of the band, this year they deliberately went out of their way to ensure as many former members had the opportunity to take part in and enjoy the anniversary as possible.
With a set of more than 30 songs, the band played tracks from across their career, a handful of covers and a selection from their 1969 album Liege & Lief.
For their finale of Meet On The Ledge, guests and past members returned to the stage for one final sing along.
Cropredy will return next year, but looking back at Saturday night, it's hard to see how Fairport Convention will top this year's headline set.
Festival director Gareth Williams said: “The music was terrific and our crowd loved the variety of the line-up.
“During the run-up we were a bit worried about the weather but luckily the rain held off for the festival and the ground had dried out by the time we opened.
“Everybody was in great spirits, everything ran smoothly and there were no incidents to report.
“We heard a lot of great comments from people telling us how much they were enjoying themselves.”
Next year, Fairport's Cropredy Convention takes place on Thursday, August 9 to Saturday, August 11.
Picture: David Jackson
Picture: David Jackson
Picture: David Jackson
Petula Clarke. Picture: David Jackson
The winery hit the hardest by the flood that inundated the Eskdale Valley 12 days ago was yesterday still playing the waiting game over the future of some of its grapes nearing the peak of the harvesting season.
But Linden Estate hopes the harvest would still take place without loss. The major issues are when to harvest and how.
Winemaker and viticulturist Trevor Shepherd said rain has fallen on several days since the March 7-8 deluge, which brought up to 329mm in 24 hours and caused one of the Esk River's worst floods, so there had been little chance for the ground to dry, increasing the risk of fruit burst.
Flooding was concentrated in the Esk Valley on March 8. Photo / Tim Whittaker
The decision to pick at least two blocks could be made at any time, and 30-40 people could suddenly be needed for the work, he said.
Advertisement
Read more: The Wine Portfolio puts 522ha of Vineyards up for sale
Te Awa winemaker claims top title at Royal Easter Show Wine Awards
Chinese graduate chose Hawke's Bay's EIT for wine studies
However, the flood ripped through fences and gates but caused little direct damage to the crop, although much of the area was underwater.
A day later two blocks of vineyard were still underwater, and the worry was that grapes could burst from absorbing the excessive moisture in the ground.
Hawke's Bay Winegrowers Association deputy chairman Xan Harding said although there was wet weather elsewhere, including localised hail, the storm had been concentrated mainly in the Esk Valley.
For many harvesting had been brought forward 10-14 days, wind had dried the plains, fruit was ripe and the industry was confident about the season.
"Everyone's getting on with the business," he said. "It is looking real good."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Sanju Teaser Reaction: Ranbir Kapoor | Sanjay Dutt | Rajkumar Hirani | FilmiBeat
Finally, the much awaited teaser of Sanju starring Ranbir Kapoor is out, and fans are going gaga over it & we can totally understand why! Within the first few seconds of the teaser, you will be assured that this film is going to be nothing but epic. At the teaser launch event, when Ranbir was asked which face of Sanjay Dutt, he loved playing the most, he said, "I found it difficult to play young Sanju since there are a lot of facets. Playing Munnabhai was a lot fun."
Ranbir also said he loved working with the team of the film and said, "I have always wanted to make good films ever since I was born and to work on such a film and with such great people is an honour."
While sharing his experience from the shooting days, Ranbir revealed, "I didn't have the confidence to play Sanju. To give myself confidence that I can play Sanju was the biggest challenge. The whole script of Sanju shocked me. I had never seen this side of Sanjay Dutt. I am trying to learn from my mistakes. I learnt from raju sir the power of entertainment. I gave myself a month break between various phases of Sanju."
Speaking about Sanjay Dutt, Ranbir Kapoor said, "Sanjay Dutt might be flawed, but he is a good man. I have always been his fan and have been observing him since my childhood."
When Ranbir was asked to comment how would he react if someone tries to make a biopic on him, he said, "Main raazi hounga but my story isn't inspirational. I live a very boring life. I don't mind someone making it but I don't think it will work."
At the same event, Ranbir also commented on casting couch and said, "I have never faced it. If it's there it's the worst kind."
Director Rajkumar Hirani said, owing to the constant buzz around the film, that there's a pressure, how people would react to this film. He added, "We haven't added fiction. But have dramatized a bit."
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES — The second period for selling fireworks in the state started Sunday and will run through January third. A variety of retailers opened shops and many set up multiple temporary locations to take advantage of the first sales period that started in June and ran through July 8th.
State Fire Marshal, Dan Wood, says one change cuts out the vendors who set up temporary locations this summer. “This season the only places that can sell fireworks are the permanent locations, meaning the permanent buildings — so no tents are allowed during the sales period,” Wood says. He says those vendors who got a license to sell during the summer period can also sell now.
Wood says there is no extra fee for this season and says the only issue would be if they made any changes to their businesses, as they would have to resubmit their site plans. If there are no sit changes, they can open up and sell fireworks. Wood says they did have several large stores that got exemptions to set up small displays to sell within their stores, but it doesn't look like many will be doing that this time.
“So if you take the exempt amount ones out and you just go with the true permanent stand-alone ones — we had 30 some in the June-July period — and for this sales period here in December and January, we have around 20 that we know of right now,” according to Wood. The summer period was the first time fireworks sales had been legal in the state since 1938 and there was a scramble to get everyone licensed and the rules in place. Wood is enjoying a little calmer sales period this time around.
He describes it as “a bit less hectic,” and says while they've had a few new plans submitted, they are just our trying to get all the retail locations inspected. The law allows city councils and county boards of supervisors to ban or restrict use of fireworks, but not their sale. The second season is designed to allow you to use fireworks to celebrate the New Year. Wood doesn't know how many people will want to be out in the cold using fireworks.
“We really don't. We just ask people to do it in a safe manner just like they did in June and July — we still had some incidents — but we just ask everybody to do it safely,” Wood says.
Many cities put restrictions on when the fireworks could be shot off in the summer period and are doing the same this time around. Some cities revisited the restrictions after finding many people ignored them or didn't follow the restrictions.
PHOENIX (AP) — A former Arizona lawmaker who became the first kicked out of a state Legislature since the #MeToo movement began because of a lengthy pattern of sexual misconduct is running for office again.
Don Shooter, a Republican expelled from the Arizona House in February, said he filed around 900 signatures Wednesday to seek the GOP nomination for a state Senate seat in the same southern Arizona district he used to serve.
He wouldn't comment on the circumstances surrounding his expulsion, which came as lawmakers of both parties faced a national reckoning over sexual misconduct that began last fall.
Politicians accused of impropriety have resigned, been stripped of leadership posts and faced other repercussions. A Democratic state representative in Colorado also was expelled this year.
Advertisement
Sitting in the lobby of the Arizona secretary of state's office waiting to file his signatures, Shooter said "Let's dance."
He said he wants to talk about policy issues, such as the water needs of the agricultural industry and public education. Arizona teachers launched an unprecedented statewide strike this year over a lack of education funding.
"That's the only thing I miss about being away from here, was the ability to solve problems," Shooter said.
Shooter was elected to the Senate in 2010 and moved to the House in 2017. The lawmaker was known as a politically incorrect jokester who threw booze-fueled parties in his office on the last day of legislative sessions.
A female lawmaker, Rep. Michelle Ugenti-Rita, accused him in November of propositioning her for sex and repeatedly commenting on her breasts. House Speaker J.D. Mesnard ordered an investigation after Shooter accused Ugenti-Rita of having an inappropriate relationship with a staffer, but she was cleared.
Other women soon came forward to accuse Shooter of inappropriate sexual comments or actions.
Shooter eventually apologized for what he called his "jarring, insensitive and demeaning" comments but argued that he never sought to touch anyone or have a sexual relationship with them.
An investigative report released prior to his expulsion found he engaged in "repeated pervasive conduct (that) created a hostile work environment for his colleagues and those with business before the Legislature."
Shooter filed a $1.3 million claim, a precursor to a lawsuit, in April alleging that the governor's office targeted him because he tried to expose widespread fraud in the state procurement system. It also accused Mesnard of changing House rules on harassment to remove Shooter from his committee chairmanship and ultimately to force the expulsion vote.
To get on the November ballot, Shooter will have to win the GOP primary. Incumbent state Sen. Sine Kerr, a dairy farmer who was appointed to fill the seat, has filed signatures along with Brent Backus, a conservative who owns a consulting business.
Democrat Michelle Harris, who served in the Air Force for 21 years, also is running for the seat.
___
Associated Press writer Bob Christie contributed to this report.
Minister for Defence Paul Kehoe, together with the Deputy Chief-of-Staff of the Defence Forces, Maj-Gen Kieran Brennan, and several other senior officers and defence officials are currently on a nine-day trip to the Middle East.
They are combining St Patrick's Day events in several places with visits to a number of United Nationspeacekeeping operations in which Ireland is playing leading roles.
On Monday, commemorative events marked the start of something that has had a major, and continuing, impact on the Defence Forces – Unifil, or the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, an interim force that now has a 40-year history.
In March 1978, members of Fatah, the Palestinian National Liberation Movement which was part of the Palestine Liberation Organisation, entered Israel from southern Lebanon and began a spate of killings by murdering an American tourist on a beach.
They then hijacked two buses and, in the ensuing carnage with Israeli security forces, 38 Israeli civilians, including 13 children, were killed and 76 wounded. Three days later, on March 14th, Israel invaded Lebanon to clear out their enemy, from the Israel/Lebanon border north to the Litani river.
The UN Security Council went into emergency sessions, and on March 19th adopted resolutions that called for a ceasefire and Israeli withdrawal, and the setting up of Unifil. The first troops arrived on March 23rd; the Irish took up positions in May and have been there since.
Four decades
Wreath- laying ceremonies and speeches in Tibnin and Naqoura, involving Mr Kehoe and Maj-Gen Brennan, are important for the families of those who died over those four decades – 47 in all, 18 of them through hostile action against UN peacekeepers.
The events are also significant for the current Irish contingent – 336 Irish men and women of the 111th Infantry Battalion who began their tour of duty last November and will be coming home in May.
And it was being an important moment too for Maj-Gen Mike Beary, the Irish officer who is Unifil force commander and head of mission – a job that has him in charge of a force that is in some respects larger than the one from which he comes back home. Unifil had 10,838 military personnel, plus 817 civilian employees, seven warships, nine helicopters, 15 hospitals and a budget of $489 million.
In Unifil's 40 years, over 32,000 individual tours of duty have been served in southern Lebanon by Defence Forces personnel.
“It was hugely important in the Defence Forces, certainly to my generation,” says retired Colonel George Kerton, of the Irish United Nations Veterans' Association.
We wanted to play our part on the world stage, and so we sent a full battalion to the Lebanon, the 43rd Infantry Battalion
Looking back, Col Kerton sees the Defence Forces' embracing of UN overseas duties in the context of the Troubles in the North. For most of the 1970s an Army career meant long periods of Border duty and other tasks assisting the Garda Síochána – the Defence Forces' “aid to the civil power” imperative. While not diminishing any of those tasks, they were nonetheless limited in scope and appeal.
Opportunities
Then came Unifil and, although the mission followed others in the Congo, Cyprus and Egypt, it is instructive to note that Irish participation in the UN Emergency Force II's deployment in Sinai ended in July 1974 in the wake of the Dublin and Monaghan bombings.
In the late 1970s, Unifil reopened a world of possibilities for the keen soldier.
“It opened up a lot of opportunities. It reinforced the need for recruitment,” says Col Kerton. “We wanted to play our part on the world stage, and so we sent a full battalion to the Lebanon, the 43rd Infantry Battalion.”
He drew professional satisfaction from the fact his “basic training for conventional warfare could be adapted for humanitarian and peacekeeping purposes”. While men and women signed up for different reasons – for soldiering, for adventure and for economic reasons in some cases – most also wanted “to serve the State, at home and abroad”.
Col Kerton saw service several more times in Lebanon, in 1979/80, in 1985/86 and again in 1997/98, while he also served with the UN in Western Sahara in 2000 and in Bosnia in 2005.
Unifil is intimately connected with Untso – the United Nations Truce Supervision Organisation. Headquartered in Jerusalem, Untso was set up in 1948 to oversee implementation of the truce between Israel and its neighbours in the war that followed the UN's 1948 declaration of the state of Israel, which came under immediate attack.
About 150 soldiers from multiple nations work with Untso, including 12 from Ireland.
Military observers
The organisation runs two groups of unarmed military observers in observation posts at flashpoints. One group works in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights with Undof, the UN disengagement observer force, to which Ireland contributed the Force Reserve Company, the other works with Unifil.
Capt John Forde is currently stationed with Untso in Tiberias on the shore of Lake Galilee, and works mostly in an observation post on a line between Israel and Syria. “On a daily basis we do a series of static patrols and inspections.”
Capt Forde watches for ceasefire violations – from the every serious to the routine and inconsequential. But, as a measure of the effect of overseas service on morale, it is seeing colleagues in the Force Reserve Company, the Irish-run rapid support service for the unarmed observers, that really boosts him. One day he may need their help.
“Whenever you see the guys rolling up and deploying, really slick with their drills, it does give you a sense of pride,” he says. “And it's also the fact that other nations, from Canada to New Zealand, compliment our people and their capabilities – that gives you a great sense of pride too.”
National character
Asked what does he think the Irish bring uniquely to peacekeeping, he instances a mix of national character and training.
“What they bring is a common sense, a real practical skill. They are measured in how they act, and they bring an applied sense of responsibility. That's a real complement to their training.”
Unifil's 111th Battalion will be packing their kit bags in a few weeks for the return home. Already their replacement, the 112th, are well into their training.
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:22 How to make Valentine's Day roses last longer than ever
1:25 91 and still in love: A story for the ages
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014
1:48 Treasure Magazine : Valentine's Day with City Peanut Shop
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
4:19 Williamson Orchards & Vineyards in Caldwell, Idaho
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Sulphur Bentonite Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Tiger-Sul, Aries(Amarak Chemicals), National Fertilizer Limited(NFL), DFPCL, National Sulfur Fertilizer, NEAIS, Sohar Sulphur Fertilizers (SSF), H Sulphur Corp, Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited (IFFCO), Coogee Chemicals, Coromandel International Limited, Zafaran Industrial Group, Abu Dhabi Fertilizer Industries, Devco Australia.
The report begins with introducing the global Sulphur Bentonite market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Sulphur Bentonite report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sulphur-bentonite-market/5928/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Sulphur Bentonite Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Sulphur-90%, Others (Sulphur-85% etc.).
Sulphur Bentonite Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Oilseeds, Cereals and Crops, Fruits and Vegetables, Others.
Key points in the Sulphur Bentonite Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-sulphur-bentonite-market/5928/#inquiry
From all of this Sulphur Bentonite market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Sulphur Bentonite market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Sulphur Bentonite distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
New Delhi, 23rd April 2018: Heart Care Foundation of India (HCFI), a leading national non-profit organization celebrated the World Earth Day 2018, jointly with HM DAV Sr. Secondary School. Various inter-school activities and other events were organized at the school campus. Students from about 10 schools participated in competitions based on the theme for this year,“Go Green – Go Clean”.
The underlying message of the event was the importance of a green planet for a healthy life as well as for the present and future generations. The event also aimed at educating and raising awareness on the need to use clean energy resources among children.
Speaking at the event, Padma Shri Dr K K Aggarwal, President, HCFI, said, “We, at HCFI, have been celebrating World Earth Day since almost three decades. The theme this year is special as there is an urgent need to focus on the use of clean energy sources for a greener planet. Rising pollution levels and the rate at which trees are being cut necessitates that we raise awareness on the ill effects of these activities on our planet. Environmental emergencies such as global warming, natural disasters, and changing weather patterns are all indications that unless we expedite efforts, we cannot ensure a brighter future for the generations to come. We must focus on leading an environment-friendly life including saving water and electricity and taking steps to reduce pollution. We are happy to be associated with HM DAV Sr. Secondary School once again this year and thank them for their continuous support.”
As part of the event, students from various schools also presented colorful and entertaining cultural programmes based on the theme. The highlight of the day was musical yoga by Mr Hemant and group. It was a novel idea and centered around the concept of integrating our life with nature.
Adding his views, Mr R K Tiwari, Principal, HMDAV School, Daryaganj, said, “We are glad to be associated with the HCFI for the event again this year. Schools are the best places to create awareness about various things including what practices are healthy for our planet. If inculcated at this age, they will ensure that their activities do not hamper the environment in future. Creating a sense of belongingness to the earth and its beings among children is very essential. With this aim, we also try and centre the activities for Earth Day around these things.”
While students from the primary group recited theme-based poems, those from the middle group participated in slogan writing. It was interesting to read the catchy slogans and understand their thought process. Students from the senior classes brought their imagination alive on the canvas, which will be displayed around the school for others to see and learn. Winners from each category were awarded and participation certificates were handed over to all participants.
A shocking near-miss at a Whanganui intersection has been caught on camera.
Garage owner Ray Stevens saw the frightening footage after a customer came into his petrol station yesterday and asked if he had seen the incident.
Looking back through his security camera files, Stevens saw a car pulling into the 100km/h intersection just before another car came flying through.
The driver of the second car had to desperately swerve left to avoid a high-speed collision.
Advertisement
The incident happened at the turn-off to Kai Iwi, on the corner of SH3 and Rapanui Rd.
"I said some choice swear words . . . swear words were appropriate for the actions of the driver," Stevens said.
"It's just one simple thing - drivers who aren't looking.
"All they have to do stop, proceeding when the way is clear. It's just easy. But these guys are morons."
Stevens said he sees near-misses at the intersection every 7-10 days, and there have been two crashes there within the past year.
"It's become more and more prevalent. It's complacency. Somebody's either on something or they're just careless.
"The only reason there wasn't an accident there was the skill of the driver in the white vehicle. It was a nice bit of driving."
Stevens said people often blamed crashes on the roads and poured money into improving the roads, but accidents came down to the drivers.
"There's no excuse for being an idiot driver . . . how do you design an intersection for morons?
"There's nothing wrong with the roads . . . [crashes] were caused by idiot driver, drunken drivers, reckless, stoned. Every single thing in the world but the road."
A police spokeswoman said they had been made aware of the video and would "follow up as appropriate".
"We need every driver on our roads to take responsibility for their own safety, as well as others, whenever they get behind the wheel.
"Don't take any risks and keep 'road safety' at the forefront of your mind.
"If you are travelling on NZ roads and notice dangerous driving behaviour we urge you to ring *555 and report this to police. This enables police to respond in a timely manner and manage the associated risks.
"If you come across a genuine emergency where there is real risk to someone's life then we would always urge that you contact police via 111."
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) — In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he says in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. … Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did —the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the “day of my massacre shall begin.”
“I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do,” he says. “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass.
You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs.”
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community.”
“This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is,” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Love Island star Chris Hughes has told of his struggle with anxiety and revealed his last panic attack saw him "break down" in the middle of a cricket field.
Hughes came third in the ITV2 series with girlfriend Olivia Attwood - and has become one of this year's most popular contestants after winning over viewers with his laid back attitude, good humour and handsome looks.
Prior to appearing on the dating programme, the 24-year-old spent several years suffering from anxiety and panic attacks and, in a post shared on his Instagram page back in October last year, he revealed he had seen a cognitive hypnotherapist to help his symptoms.
Hughes told ITV's Loose Women about the triggers for his anxiety and how he would avoid leaving work because it served as a "distraction".
(Image: ITV)
He said: "It actually triggered after a heavy night out one day, and the next day I felt horrific. And my issue was, I was going to work but I was just anxious about being anxious.
"I was getting anxiety from actually worrying about it and it got to like - I was in a nine to five job - and every time it approached 5pm, it would start triggering again and I didn't want to go home from work. I'd rather have stayed there so it gave me things to think about."
Hughes said he would feel "awful" when he went home, and that he dealt with his feelings on his own for a long time.
"I didn't really tell anyone. I had a girlfriend at the time who was really supportive with it, but it was... I felt like I was absolutely suffocating," he added.
Hughes said he would go driving in the evenings "just to keep myself occupied".
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
He said it was not until he told his mother about his anxiety that he sought help.
Asked by Loose Women panellist Katie Price if he still suffers from panic attacks, Hughes said: "The last time (it happened), I was on a cricket field and I was stood, and I just completely broke down.
"My breathing went all weird and I just had to get off it."
Hughes also said he was hopeful that he and Attwood's relationship will flourish now they are out of the Love Island villa and in the real world, although Price warned him that they may face difficulties as they both work in the media.
He said: "There is already a separation, we do miss each other. We aren't together like we were (in the villa), so it does feel a little bit weird.
"But work's work."
Today, WrestlingINC.com president Raj Giri was on a media conference with Cowboy James Storm of Global Force Wrestling. Giri pointed out that in the past, TNA was criticized for "stealing" WWE talent, although there doesn't seem to be the same backslash for WWE signing former TNA stars. Storm's believes that this contradiction stems from the fans misunderstanding the reality of the business.
"I tell fans all the time; they don't get it. The talent looks at this as a business. So many fans look at it like, 'oh well, he's a sell-out,'" Storm responds. "It's not like that. We have to provide for our families so wherever we have to go to get work, that's what we're going to do. It seems to get overlooked when the WWE picks up TNA guys, but as soon as TNA Impact picks up a WWE guy, 'oh, they're picking up a WWE guy, blah, blah, blah'. That's not really fair for the guy because he's just looking for a place to provide for his family."
In today's landscape, it's not uncommon to for a wrestler sign with a rival company. Storm himself took a small absence from TNA to consider a run in NXT in 2015. When asked his reasons for deciding against signing with the WWE's developmental program, Storm set the record straight.
"A lot of people say it was money, but it wasn't. It was a family thing," he admits. "Hunter told me they'd run 100-125 shows over the next two years. My wife wanted to have another kid, but she had to do shots, and I had to be at home a lot more. It was a decision: do I go and live this crazy of wrestling in the WWE or do I stay home and help my wife have another child that she wants? I decided that my family was what is really important to me."
James Storm has no regret in his voice, stating that he's happy everything worked out the way that it did and that he's thankful for the healthy, eight-month boy he has at home.
A TNA star that did migrate over to NXT was Bobby Roode, Storm's former Beer Money Inc. partner, who Storm still speaks to on occasion.
"I'll shoot him a text every now and then," Storm says. "I'll text him and say congratulations because that guy definitely has earned everything that he's got coming to him. He proved what he proved here, that he can get in the ring with anyone. I always say, if he can go on and make a living, which is what he's doing, the best to him. I wish him nothing but good luck."
Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
MILWAUKEE, WI - A local Milwaukee college is on a mission to reintroduce adults to higher education with the launch of a pilot program that focuses on one area of the city in particular.
Through one of the first programs of its kind in the country, it's geared toward adult students from city's 53206 zip code who may have started college, but for whatever reason never completed it. Now MATC is giving those students a second chance.
“We want to impact the employment in Milwaukee," said Johnny Craig.
And MATC is doing so by focusing on educating the city's workforce.
“Our goal is to provide support for a zip code that really needed some focus," Craig said. "[And] some wrap-around support to really help the residents in that community grow and have hope.”
That's why Craig—the vice president of student services—and his colleagues launched the school's Commit to Complete Program. It's an initiative geared toward adult students like Antoinette Howell who started a college program years ago but never finished.
“I had some deaths in my family and I was working a lot," Howell said. "So, I [needed] to take a break from school and then I had a child."
But Howell said she didn't let that deter her dreams. Because she started here in 2013 she wants to finish at MATC too and she's happy to have the support of a program like this one.
“I think this program is awesome to have that structure to call and be like hey how is this going or how's life in general because college is not easy," Howell said.
To qualify for the program a student should have:
At least 24 college credits
Live or work in the 53206 zip code
Have not attended college in the last two years.
For more information, visit the school's website.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
East Midlands Airport has been criticised by a woman who claims that 'hundreds' of passengers were left standing outside in the sun as they queued to pass through border control.
Bethan McIlroy flew into the airport from Malaga on Monday afternoon and had to wait outside in the blistering sunshine to get through passport control.
The 29-year-old told NottinghamshireLive that some people were left feeling faint and sick as she and others spent about half an hour queuing outside and other hour inside the airport.
Ms McIlroy, from Nottingham, claimed there was no communication from airport staff about what was happening until the arriving passengers were inside.
She said: "There were at least 400 people in front of me on the Tarmac. It did move quite quickly and eventually I got in - half an hour in the sunshine and another hour inside.
"You shouldn't have to be standing on Tarmac with no communication. There were people feeling faint, feeling sick. There was no-one around.
"It was ridiculous and it just puts me off flying."
Ms McIlroy said she was told by a member of staff at passport control that the problem was caused by several flights landing at once.
A spokeswoman for the Home Office , which manages border control, said: "On Monday afternoon, a significant number of flights landed outside their scheduled arrival times at East Midlands Airport which placed pressure on the airport, including passport controls.
"Every effort is made to keep delays at the border to a minimum, but we also have a duty to maintain the security of the UK border - which means checking 100 percent of scheduled arrival passengers."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Andy Tyler-Smith, customer service and security director at East Midlands Airport , said: "We want every passenger using East Midlands Airport to have a pleasant and hassle-free experience prior to or following a flight.
“It's disappointing that the high standards we aim for are sometimes missed and we are taking action to address this.
"Some arriving passengers have had to queue for longer than we would expect and this is less than satisfactory.
“Border force has a service level agreement which is to have 95 percent of non-EEA national waiting no more than 45 minutes and 95 percent of EEA arriving passengers queuing for no more than 25 minutes.
"We are working closely with Border Force to maximise the number of passengers using e-gates which will help ensure that the passenger experience of arrival is a more positive one.
"We thank passengers for their patience during busy times and we want to reassure them that we are working hard to resolve issues which may cause inconvenience.
"We very much hope that all people flying to and from their holidays through East Midlands Airport this summer will have a very pleasant journey."
CBN.com is excited to share the new trailer for Columbia Pictures' upcoming Nativity movie, “The Star”, starring the talented voices of Tyler Perry, Zachary Levi, Gina Rodriguez, Steven Yeun, Keegan-Michael Key, Patricia Heaton, Oprah
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
Dads are full of factoids, master pancake makers, and love to offer advice. We don't always understand what they mean, but they do have a way with words.
Here's some unusual, sometimes helpful, totally real advice from real life dads:
“When playing cards, always sit with your back to the wall.”
“Don't walk on ice with your hands in your pockets.”
“Unless you're okay with it being written on the front page of “The New York Times,” don't say it.”
“It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission.”
“Don't be a wart on the pickle of progress.”
“You're not really an adult until you can comfortably eat in a restaurant alone.”
“If you want to dance, you have to pay the band.”
“Never pack luggage you can't lift or carry yourself.”
“When having a conversation with someone, wait three seconds after they stop talking before you start talking. For an added awesome awkward moment, wait seven seconds.”
“Ketchup is not an acceptable substitution for pasta sauce. But maybe we should just try it.”
“It's not a race. It's a finish.”
“If anyone ever tells you they think The Beatles are overrated, that is not a person you want to be friends with.”
“You can't kick a dog towards you.”
“Learn your table manners so one day you can dine at the White House”
“Knowledge knows a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom knows not to put it in a fruit salad.”
“If you've tried everything and nothing's worked, ask your mother.”
What's the best advice your dad ever gave you?
The TV presenter will return to rehab after first going last year, following an addiction to painkillers.
Ant McPartlin is stepping down from his television commitments and will head back to rehab following his arrest on suspicion of drink-driving on Sunday.
Saturday Night Takeaway, which McPartlin hosts with presenting partner Declan Donnelly, will not air this weekend as scheduled.
McPartlin's publicist said in a statement: “Ant has decided to go back into treatment and step down from his current TV commitments.
“He has spoken with Dec and ITV today and asked for time off for the foreseeable future. As such Saturday Night Takeaway will not be going ahead this Saturday.”
An ITV spokesman said: “ITV has taken a joint decision with Ant and Dec's team not to broadcast Saturday Night Takeaway this weekend.
“We will be reviewing options for the last two episodes of the series (March 31 and April 7) which would not feature Ant, who is taking time off to seek treatment.
“We very much hope that he gets the help that he needs.”
McPartlin, 42, was involved in a collision with two other cars while he was driving his Mini in Richmond, west London, and was arrested at around 4pm on Sunday after failing a roadside breathalyser test.
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said that he was “taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation” and that inquiries continue.
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries, and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution.
Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly at the National Television Awards in January (Matt Crossick/PA)
It marked the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star, who works as Ant and Dec with Donnelly.
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015.
He returned to screens in November for I'm A Celebrity … Get Me Out Of Here! and jokingly mentioned his rehab stint along with his TV partner.
In January, McPartlin confirmed that he and his wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage.
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split, McPartlin referred to his “tough year” while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly.
© Press Association 2018
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — Immigration-related arrests were up nearly 33 percent in the first months of Donald Trump's presidency compared to the same time period last year, according to new data released by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement(ICE).
ICE made 21,362 arrests from Jan. 20 through March 13 of this year, up from 16,104 arrests during the same window in 2016. Immigration arrests of non-criminals more than doubled since last year from 2,278 in 2016 to 5,441 this year.
Strict immigration enforcement was a campaign promise of then-candidate Trump, who regularly called for building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border and deporting undocumented immigrants.
The Trump administration has since given more leeway to immigration officers on the ground, emphasizing that all unauthorized immigrants are subject to deportation and even butting heads with local police departments who have said they won't fully cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
ICE “focuses its enforcement resources on individuals who pose a threat to national security, public safety and border security,” an ICE spokesperson said in a statement when the numbers were released. “ICE will no longer exempt classes or categories of removable aliens from potential enforcement. All of those in violation of the immigration laws may be subject to immigration arrest, detention and, if found removable by final order, removal from the United States.”
Despite the increase over last year, however, total immigration arrests were nonetheless down 27 percent in 2017 from the 29,238 during the same time frame in 2014 under President Obama. Similarly, arrests of non-criminals were also down this year from 7,483 in 2014.
There were 15,921 criminal arrests in 2017 compared to 13,826 during the same period last year. But this year's figures were also down by 26.7 percent from 21,745 in 2014.
The Washington Post was the first to report these numbers.
ICE “detainers,” an official request to keep potentially unauthorized immigrants in custody following a local criminal arrest, followed a similar pattern — they've been up since Trump took office, but down from 2014. There were 22,161 detainers at the beginning of 2017, up around 75 percent from last year but down eight percent from 2014.
Meanwhile, ICE immigration arrests out of the Dallas region saw the biggest spike, nearly doubling since last year. The Boston, Atlanta, Baltimore and Detroit regions also had over 50 percent increases.
In another sign that more resources since last year are going towards immigration enforcement, the average ICE daily detention population — representing the average number of people who are in ICE custody — was higher than every other yearly average going back as far as 2001. As of April 8, 2017, the average daily detention population was 40,467 people.
Fiscal year 2016 had the highest average population with 34,376 people. The lowest was in FY 2005 with an average population of 19,718 people. That year also had the lowest number of funded beds.
Since 2012, ICE has had funding for 34,000 detention beds.
ICE has not provided year-to-date numbers, so it's possible that the yearly average will be lower than the current daily average.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Thousands sign petition demanding the return of Turkey Twizzlers
By Alice Westoby
People have accused Jamie Oliver of 'ruining their lives' after he had the fatty meat sticks banned from schools in 2005.
Remember the golden days of school dinners where nutritional value came second to price?
When you put it like that it's probably a good thing that school dinners are way healthier now, but it doesn't stop us longing for the tastes of our childhoods.
Turkey Twizzlers are a firmly a thing of the past after they were banished from school dinner menus in 2005 thanks to a campaign spearheaded by TV chef Jamie Oliver.
Not long after, manufacturer Bernard Matthews stopped producing them, and they completely disappeared from supermarkets.
But over a decade after later, a passionate Turkey Twizzler fan has begun a petition to bring them back which has now amassed nearly 15,000 signatures.
Kirsty Rogers from London started the petition which has now gone viral.
In her passionate plea for support she said: "I used to live off turkey twizzlers used to make sure my mum stocked up.
"But to think my kids will never experience the taste of them makes me want to get this petition as far as possible. So come on you twizzlers lovers get signing!"
The petition comes in the wake of Jamie Oliver's most recent healthy eating campaign in which he wants to ban 2-4-1 pizza deals.
So what are the chances that the famous Turkey Twizzler could end up back on our shelves again?
San Benito, TX/ 2018: Business is affected by a variety of factor and is susceptible to unexpected risks. So, it becomes essential to protect yourself financially from any uncertainties both natural & manmade to which your business is exposed to. Keeping in mind the needs of business owners, Smith- Reagan Insurance Agency provides a number of business insurance policies & plans to their clients in San Benito, TX.
They provide customized insurance plans to meet the needs & requirements of their clients. The team of experts at the agency work with leading insurance companies & compare different policies & coverages in order to provide the best plan to their clients.
Types Of Business Insurance Policies Offered:
They offer a variety of coverages to minimize your loss in case of an uncertain event. It includes options such as –
• Commercial Property – It protects the property which has been insured by business from risks such as theft, fire etc. Apart from the structure of the building, it also provides for loss of office furnishings & inventory.
• Workers Compensation – If an employee injures themselves while performing their business operations then this coverage provides for the medical expenses and lost wages of that employee.
• General Liability – This coverage policy covers any legal claims which arise due to company's fault.
• Commercial Auto – Under this insurance type, the insurance agency provides coverages for all vehicles owned by the business.
• Business Package – It is a policy that generally protects medium to large firms from risk such as fire, theft, accidental damage etc.
Why Choose Them?
• Comprehensive insurance policies
• Friendly & helpful agents
• Affordable plans
• Prompt services
Other Types Of Insurance Offered:
• Auto Insurance
• Property Insurance
• Life & Health Insurance
For more information about the business insurance provided by Smith-Reagan Insurance Agency, you can call at (956) 399 – 1353 or visit 148 N. Sam Houston Blvd, San Benito, TX 78586. You can also log on to their website http://sra-ins.com/ to request for a free quote.
LARAMIE– Former Wyoming women's basketball player Marleah Campbell was recently awarded with the Top Thesis award at the Communication and Journalism Department's Honors Banquet.
The award is given to the thesis that is high quality and has an impact on its audience. She was nominated by her thesis chair and Department Head Cindy Price Schultz.
“I nominated Marleah because I was her thesis chair and I saw how well the thesis was written and the importance of the topic,” Price Schultz said. “She is a very intelligent woman who really threw herself into the thesis project.
“Marleah basically completed her master's degree in a little over a year. That is incredible for anyone, much less someone who had the intense practice and game schedule that she had. I am monumentally proud of her.”
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors:
Exploring Social Media Marketing Strategies Promoting Men's and Women's Basketball Attendance in the Mountain West Conference
Campbell's thesis was titled “How do social media marketing strategies differ in promoting men's and women's basketball attendance? An examination of the Mountain West Conference.”
The study looked at the Mountain West Conference – a Division I mid-major conference with 11 participating institutions spanning eight states (“Mountain West demographics,” 2017).
The study examines how Twitter marketing strategies differ in promoting men's and women's basketball attendance in the conference.
Men's and women's basketball were chosen to determine differences in marketing women's sports in comparison to men's sports.
By looking at basketball specifically, the differences in social media marketing strategies can be examined in a setting where all other variables other than the gender of the athletes are the same, including the sport, time of the year for the season, facilities, etc.
Examining marketing efforts to promote attendance is important because while “promotion has found to be a strong predictor of attendance in major league sports . . . little is known about the different promotional strategies used by universities when marketing women's sports.” (Shackelford & Greenwell, 2005, p. 146).
Campbell's Findings
“My thesis examined differences in promotion on Twitter in the Mountain West Conference between men's and women's basketball on Twitter. I looked at 684 tweets over the course of three weeks throughout the 2017-2018 basketball season for all 11 Mountain West schools' athletic department Twitter accounts,” Campbell said.
“I found that there was a statistically significant difference in the amount of coverage between men's and women's basketball, with women receiving 243 tweets (36% of the total) compared to men receiving 441 tweets (64% of the total).
“There is a dramatic attendance divide between men's and women's basketball in the Mountain West (even wider than the national average), and research shows that online promotion directly influences game attendance.
“So, the current state of inequality in promotion on Twitter is a clear place to begin bridging that gap. Additionally, this study examined social media, a new marketing area that falls under the NCAA's Title IX aspect of “other benefits,” and found that schools in the Mountain West do not seem to be meeting the equity standard.”
About Campbell
A three-time Academic All-MW selection and Scholar Athlete, Campbell completed both her undergraduate and master's in four years. She finished her degree in journalism last May and recently graduated with her master's in communication.
A four-year letterwinner for the Cowgirls, she played in 93 games along with one start. She is averaged two points and 1.2 rebounds this season and 2.7 points and 1.5 rebounds over four seasons.
“Marleah has been a leader on and off the court,” head coach Joe Legerski said. “To receive a Master's degree within a four year time frame speaks volumes of her drive in the classroom.
“Marleah's accomplishments from the academic side concluded with her thesis being selected as the top thesis in the Journalism and Communications Department. Her thesis is a must-read for women's basketball coaches and conferences throughout the country.”
Campbell has currently returned to her home state of Kansas to pursue career opportunities in the field of journalism and communication.
“I'm very passionate about the journalism and communication field, so I'm really excited to see where my career takes me. I have so many interests and the field is so broad that it's hard to pinpoint exactly what I want to do.
“I think right now I'm really interested in the news and reporting side of things, but I'd also love to be a producer of a television or radio show someday. I know that wherever I end up career-wise, I will be successful thanks to the educational opportunities provided to me by the University of Wyoming and the support of the athletic department in my endeavors as a student-athlete.”
Des Plaines Chamber gets $76,000 for Veterans Back to Work Bootcamp
hello
From left, Andrea Biwer, executive director of Des Plaines Chamber of Commerce; Corey Wise, general manger, Rivers Casino; Marne Deithorn, director of Human Resources, Rivers Casino; Rebecca Banks, senior HR representative, Rivers Casino; Will Brown, financial adviser, Edward Jones, 2018 Des Plaines Chamber president elect; Nick Czerniak, Marine veteran and bootcamp applicant; Evan Franck, Marine veteran and bootcamp applicant. Courtesy of Des Plaines Chamber of Commerce
Arthur Rento Sr., a survivor of the D-Day 1944 Normandy landing and founder of Pontarelli Companies, was honored by the Des Plaines Chamber of Commerce. Courtesy of Des Plaines Chamber of Commerce
More than 200 guests attended a Des Plaines Chamber of Commerce ceremony to honor longtime member Arthur Rento Sr., a survivor of the 1944 D-Day Normandy landing and founder of Pontarelli Companies, and to mark the launch of a Veterans Back to Work Bootcamp, designed to help prepare veterans to use their military skills to integrate into the civilian workforce.
Rivers Casino presented a check for more than $65,000, and Jewel-Osco donated more than $11,0000 check to help support the program. The Business After Hours event took place Aug. 8 at the Tap House in Des Plaines.
The eight-week boot camp begins this fall and will provide military veterans with the tools to succeed and seamlessly transition into the job force. Twenty veterans will be selected and will receive an $8,000 career-enhancing package. To apply, fill out a short survey at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/VETERANSBOOTCAMP. The deadline to Aug. 18. For more information, visit dpchamber.com.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Burton Albion are rank outsiders to bounce straight back into the Championship following their relegation to League One last season.
The Brewers will play only their second season in the third-tier having suffered a heartbreaking relegation on the final day of the campaign, with a 2-1 defeat to Preston North End confirming their final position in their second season at Championship level as 23rd place.
And League sponsors Sky Bet aren't backing them to be gearing up for a third season in the second-tier any time soon. The Brewers are 8/1 to be promoted next season, and 25/1 to win the division.
(Image: Nathan Stirk/Getty Images)
Sunderland, recently under new ownership, are favourites to be promoted and win the third-tier crown with fellow relegated side Barnsley second-favourites.
The bookmakers have Burton at 13/2 to suffer a damaging consecutive relegation.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Harwal Group, Asmaco Packaging Industries, China Petrochemical Corporation, Sealed Air Corporation, PakMarkas UAB, Amcor Limited, Amcor Limited, Intertape Polymer Group, Inc. (IPG), Farnell Packaging Limited, Morgan Group, Riverside Paper Co. Inc., Four Star Plastics. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyolefin-pof-shrink-film-market/10353/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : General, Cross-linked.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Food, Beverage, Industrial packaging, Pharmaceuticals, Consumer goods.
Key Highlights Of The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-polyolefin-pof-shrink-film-market/10353/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Polyolefin (POF) Shrink Film industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
[Noozhawk's note: Longtime Montecito observer Judy Foreman is now writing a weekly lifestyles column for Noozhawk. Click here for a related article.]
Fashionistas were out in force for the recent opening-night party of Intermix, a national upscale women's clothing boutique located in the Montecito Country Mart.
A regular conversation among my women friends since moving to the 93108 in 1988 was longing for more shopping options. Well, someone up there must have heard our prayers and we're getting our wish. In addition to Intermix, this summer will see the opening of Calypso and several other trendy upscale shops in the shopping center adjacent to San Ysidro Pharmacy and the new Upper Village branch of American Riviera Bank, 525 San Ysidro Road.
Julianne Boutique from New York and Jenni Kayne and Henry Beguelin are joining Laura Dinning on Coast Village Road and Coast Village Circle across from Los Arroyos Mexican Restaurant, 1280 Coast Village Road.
It makes me dizzy thinking about all these options!
A new women's clothing store is like chocolate for the sugar starved, or catnip for cats. Bored with the existing choices and hungry for a new fix, the shopping frenzy at Intermix's opening soirée was palpable and downright exciting. Intermix has 35 stores nationwide and was acquired recently by The Gap. This cash infusion has no doubt helped Intermix expand. The 1,100-square-foot, light and airy space has the intimacy of a boutique but enough inventory to pick from without being overwhelmed. I've been a fan of Intermix in Los Angeles and New York for many years. Its attractive merchandising concept with selections by color strategy of wearable separates, dresses and accessories makes for easy shopping.
The June 28 opening-night crowd was not just looking at clothes and accessories, but buying. It was standing-room only at the changing rooms. Rumor has it that the store did $12-grand in sales the first day it was open. Not bad for the new kid on the block.
The attendees, mostly women, were dressed in their hippest clothes and highest heels, and looked like they just stepped out of the pages of Vogue or Elle — definitely no lululemon exercise clothes this night. Passed hors d'oeuvres by Dining with Di and chilled rosé wine were perfect for the warm summer evening.
Thanks to Jodi Goldberg and Laura Macker Johnston, who helped organize the event, a portion of the sales went to benefit the Academy of Healing Arts (AHA!), spearheaded by co-founders Jennifer Freed and Rendy Freedman. AHA! is a nonprofit organization committed to teaching character development, leadership skills, emotional intelligence and conscious awareness to local teens.
Some of the guests in attendance were Teri Lebow, MaryAnne Contreras, Sonja Tone, Debbie Kass, Belle Hahn Cohen, Carla Tomson, Jennifer Burrows, Jules Allen, Sonia De Mello, Pamela Massey Steinman, Daryl Stegall, Asha DeMarco, Beverly and Lauren Clark, Nancy O'Connor, Ginger Salazar and Frankie Martinez — to name just a few.
OK, so the question is: If they build it, will they come, and keep coming? Montecito is certainly a field of dreams and, while not exactly Kevin Costner's movie that was set in Iowa, we shall see how the public responds over time.
Click here for a Noozhawk photo gallery from Intermix's opening-night party.
Intermix is open seven days a week and is located in the Montecito Country Mart, 1014-D Coast Village Road. Call 805.969.2184 for more information.
— Judy Foreman is a Noozhawk columnist and longtime local writer and lifestyles observer. She can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here for more columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bethany Antonia has achieved her dream of becoming a teenage film star – after posting 300 handwritten letters to agents.
The Quinton girl who went to sixth form at Birmingham Ormiston Academy (BOA) landed her first movie role at the age of 18 after deliberately deciding not to go to drama college.
“I just thought: ‘Why run to where everyone else is?',” she says.
With education fees now often costing a small fortune, proud mum Melanie Clarke, a candlemaker, adds: “Bethany didn't want to go to drama school if she could do it without.
“Now she's been in her first film - and I am so proud of her.”
(Image: Graham Young)
Bethany got her first agent at the age of 13 after writing her letters, then she signed to London agents Waring & McKenna shortly after filming Pin Cushion (15) which has now been screened at the Venice Film Festival.
The 2018 Flatpack Film Festival then screened it at the UK's oldest working picture house, The Electric Cinema in hometown Birmingham where she was even joined by her nan, Nancy.
Two nights later, the 20-year-old only child then enjoyed being on stage for her first Q&A in front of an audience at the East End Film Festival where the film was given its London premiere.
(Image: Rob Baker Ashton)
After a string of positive festival reviews, Pin Cushion will be released in British cinemas in July.
Originally from South Derbyshire, Pin Cushion's writer-director Deborah Haywood auditioned 500 girls for the four main roles.
“I am just so proud of Bethany,” says Deborah.
(Image: Rob Baker Ashton)
"She's lovely – and bloody smashing.
“Anyone who sees this... hire her!
“She's brilliant. So natural and believable.”
Who is Bethany Antonia?
(Image: Graham Young)
Before joining the Birmingham Ormiston Academy at sixth form, only-child Bethany went to Perryfields High School in Oldbury as well as Adage Dance in Selly Oak and Spotlight Stage School.
Now represented by London-based personal management agency Waring & McKenna, Bethany's favourite stars are local Smethwick hero Julie Walters , a double Oscar nominee, and the Oscar-nominated US star Taraji P Henson (Hidden Figures).
Bethany has also been a member of First Act Workshop, a spin-off from the original Central Junior Television Workshop which trained Birmingham's own Kings Norton Girls' School pupil turned best actress Oscar nominee Felicity Jones ( The Theory of Everything and Star Wars' spin-off Rogue One ) and Nottingham-born Samantha Morton who had her own best actress Oscar nomination for In America.
(Image: Rob Baker Ashton)
Bethany is also friends with Antonio Aakeel, a Midlands' actor featured by BirminghamLive a year ago before he landed a part opposite Oscar-winning actress Alicia Vikander in the recent Tomb Raider remake.
Bethany is also good friends with Pin Cushion's young lead actress Lily Newmark, who shares the same agent.
With Lily currently listed at No 12 in the cast for next month's second Star Wars' anthology movie Solo, directed by Hollywood legend Ron Howard, who knows where modest Bethany's ambition will take her?
Other young stars represented by Waring and McKenna include Bhavna Limbachia (Coronation Street), Duayne Boachie and Sophie Porley (Hollyoaks) as well as Doctors' regular Sarah Moyle, Jake Mann (American Assassin) and TV legend Wendy Craig (Butterflies).
So what's the secret of her success?
(Image: Graham Young)
Bethany reveals: “I used to watch Julie Walters and wanted to be an actress since the age of 13.
"I sat down and handwrote 300 letters to agents.
“I got replies back from two – and one took me on.
“For sixth form, I went to the Birmingham Ormiston Academy.
(Image: Pin Cushion)
“But I was also Googling about how to be in a film.
“I was just really keen and thought if I waited to go to drama school I might not even get a role after all of that studying which seemed like a step back.
“I love theatre and musical theatre, but the next thing I got a part in Doctors which showed what I could also do on screen.
(Image: Bethany Antonia)
“I was 18 when I auditioned for Pin Cushion.
“I got a part in that, and am so proud of it - after filming that I was signed by Waring and McKenna in London.
“My most recent audition last week was for BBC1's Silent Witness and I'm waiting to hear back about that.
"And I am also going to be in Stath, a new e4 comedy."
Does she watch herself on screen?
(Image: Bethany Antonia)
“It depends, but I've really enjoyed Pin Cushion.
“The costumes are fantastic.
“It doesn't feel like I am watching me, I am just the girl in the story.”
Action man Scott Adkins on Peaky Blinders: 'Where is my audition?'
What is Pin Cushion?
Shot in Swadlincote and in part at her old school, it is the debut feature from East Midlands' writer director Deborah Haywood.
Its current UK release date is July 13, 2018 and it tells the story of a mother called Lyn (Joanna Scanlan) and her daughter Iona (rising star Lily Newmark) who are seeking a fresh start together in a new town.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The pair is so close they do everything together, even sharing a small bed.
But while Lyn thinks Iona is making progress at school, she is busy discovering boys – and being bullied.
Before long, the film's fairytale qualities turn properly dark.
As well as Bethany Antonia being an only child, writer-director Deborah Haywood has a 30-year-old daughter called Abbi who she took The Electric Cinema screening so that she could see Pin Cushion for the first time.
Deborah is a big fan of Birmingham-born Nativity series writer-director Debbie Isitt, who also has an only-child daughter, Sydney.
Deborah Haywood's social media presence includes Instagram accounts @deborellahollywood and @pincushionfilm and on Twitter via @blytheface and @PinCushionFilm
What are critics saying?
(Image: Pin Cushion)
Founded in 1905, the US weekly trade magazine Variety.com had been very positive about Pin Cushion.
“British writer-director Deborah Haywood's first feature ‘Pin Cushion' ambitiously examines the psychological damage wrought by bullying at all ages," wrote critic Guy Lodge.
He added that Haywood has an “inspired visual acumen and sensitive grasp of complex female relationships” and that the film has a “folky reverie increasingly disrupted by nightmarish stabs of violence”.
Eli Fine from The Playlist declared: “Todd Solondz couldn't dream up characters as mundanely wicked as those that populate this film.”
(Image: Pin Cushion)
Pin Cushion only been seen at various festivals, but it has eight positive reviews to date on the global aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes.
And, with an average score of 7.5/10, that means it is currently rating 100 per cent ‘fresh'.
What is The Electric Cinema?
The UK's oldest working picture house in the middle of Station Street is now a restored, two-screen cinema which celebrated its centenary in 2009.
The Electric Cinema building is in between two other famous institutions.
To its left as you look from the front is the Old Birmingham Rep Theatre.
Now currently run by the Birmingham Ormiston Academy, it is where Laurence Olivier set off on the road to 11 Oscar nominations including two wins and two more honorary awards.
(Image: Graham Young)
A few doors to the right of the Electric Cinema is the former pub The Crown which curves round the corner of Station Street.
It is here on the first floor that Ozzy Osbourne took to the stage for the first time with the other three original members of Black Sabbath 50 years ago in 1968.
They invented heavy metal, and Ozzy became the world's most famous Brummie.
Other bands to play there included Led Zeppelin, The Who, Status Quo and Thin Lizzy.
A man discovered unconscious on a Whanganui street remains in a critical condition in Wellington Hospital.
The man was found on Tinirau St, Whanganui East, at about 3am in the early hours of Friday April 20, with unexplained head injuries.
"Police are continuing to investigate to determine circumstances surrounding the incident," a spokeswoman said.
"A scene examination has been conducted where the victim was located and where the victim lives.
Advertisement
"Any information from the public will be greatly appreciated."
Information can be provided to Whanganui Police on 06 349 0600 or anonymously via Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Earlier this month Microsoft informed customers who are still using the companies Office Live Meeting service that they need to migrate off that product before the end of 2017.
Microsoft's Greg Baribault took to the Skype for Business blog to lay out the details of this mandatory move from Office Live Meeting to Skype for Business.
In the blog post he laid out the benefits that Skype for Business has over Live Meeting:
Increased scale, with up to 10,000 attendees in a Skype Meeting Broadcast
Support for participating in meetings from iOS, Android, and other mobile devices
Better quality, with HD video and video based screen sharing
In addition, this chart was used to show a complete functional comparison between the two services:
Via Microsoft
Microsoft is recommending that meeting organizers begin scheduling their future calls in Office 365 and Skype for Business now however, there is no need to reschedule calls that are already on the calendar through 31 December 2017 as they will work before the shutdown. Guides for learning about the Live Meeting to Skype for Business transition are available from Microsoft.
For any IT Pros that are involved in migrating users from Live Meeting to Skype for Business, Microsoft also has some resource for you including a Live Meeting to Skype for Business resource site and their FastTrack Center.
As of today there are just 320 days to execute your move to Skype for Business from Office Live Meeting.
----------
Looking for an awesome, no-nonsense technical conference for IT Pros, Devs, and Devops? Check out IT/Dev Connections!
Burnley 1 Manchester City 1
Johann Berg Gudmundsson struck a late equaliser as Burnley grabbed a 1-1 draw against Premier League leaders Manchester City at Turf Moor.
Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner for Pep Guardiola's side with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City.
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt, the Clarets grew in confidence and earned their reward when Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton's deep cross.
City will rue their failure to make the most of their openings, with Sterling's opportunity one of a number to pass them by.
Burnley, for their part, were well organised throughout and they had already hit the woodwork through Aaron Lennon before their equaliser came.
Despite the wealth of talent in City's ranks, they also arrived short of numbers. David Silva became their latest injury victim in midweek and John Stones was again absent, having been ill recently, and so Guardiola named only six substitutes.
With record signing Aymeric Laporte on the bench, Vincent Kompany returned to the starting line-up and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action, clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes.
Burnley's back four, despite the absence of James Tarkowski, was well drilled and it required patience to break them down.
Johann Berg Gudmundsson scores Burnley's equaliser in the premier league game against Manchester City at Turf Moor. Photograph: Andrew Yates/Reuters
City controlled possession but their final pass was poor. Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot.
Their breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner. The set-piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked his spot and delivered a superb shot beyond Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Agüero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the goalkeeper.
Burnley were far more direct than City and they made efficient use of limited possession to create a couple of chances. On both occasions Ben Mee might have done better as he first forced a save from Ederson from a lobbed ball into the box and then headed wide following a corner.
City looked to kill off the game early in the second half but Burnley's back line held firm, denying Agüero and Ilkay Gündogan a sight of goal before Sterling fired over. City even looked to Danilo again as frustration grew but this time Pope tipped over.
Burnley retained a threat on the break and they almost snatched an equaliser when Lennon's thunderous shot was touched onto the post by Ederson.
That injected more urgency into City and Sterling should have scored when he was picked out in front of an open goal by Kyle Walker but he somehow sidefooted wide.
Burnley's defence would not yield and the hosts grew in threat in the latter stages. They eventually found their way through after 82 minutes when Gudmundsson raced onto Lowton's crossfield ball and touched past Ederson.
Green Tea For Flat Tummy: All You Wanted To Know About Its Role In Giving You a Toned Belly
One down, one to go.
“I know it's the cliché and you'll probably hate hearing this but it is game-on-game,” says Eoghan Kerin, the Galway defender politely declining to talk about anything beyond Sunday's Connacht semi-final against Sligo. Except maybe for the Super-8s.
“We probably do see ourselves as a top-eight team and we would be very disappointed if we don't get to the Super-8s. Obviously, we're not looking past the Sligo game but you'd like to think you can compete in the top four, and we proved that during the league. But you'd like to see yourselves going onto bigger and better things past the Super 8s.”
Kerin's tempered confidence is well founded. The 24-year-old from Annaghdown, in his third season on the Galway team, has become one of the cornerstones of Galway's strong defence this season, but there's also the reminder of what happened last summer. After taking out Mayo in the Connacht semi-final, Roscommon handed them a bit of a lesson in the final.
“Any time that you get over Mayo is a sweet one,” he says.
“And we are lucky, fortunate enough in the last three occasions, to get over them. When we looked back on the game ourselves, we realised that we didn't play overly well. We were actually disappointed with our performance.
“I suppose it was one of those days when you are playing the local rivals, and you are just trying to get over the line in any way you can. And it was tit-for-tat until Johnny Heaney got us over the line in the last couple of minutes.
“So even if you take last year as an example, we got a good win against Mayo in the Connacht championship but then we were dumped out by Roscommon in the Connacht final and similarly against Kerry.
“And then you see Mayo go on to bigger and better things, pushing the Dubs to within a kick of the ball in the All-Ireland final; it is not really about the one-off game against the local rivals. In the broader scheme of things, they have gone on to nearly win an All-Ireland title and we have been dumped out in the quarter-final.
An anti-climax
“So really, it is nearly an anti-climax after the last game. For a few minutes, you savour it but then you realise that it is really back to the drawing board again. To put it into perspective, it is a Connacht quarter-final at the end of the day and you are no closer to winning an All-Ireland.”
Kerin made his championship debut against Mayo in 2016, unheralded, by his own admission: “We were coming in for a trial, just because we were on the Galway U-21s the year before but there wasn't a lot expected of us. We were just brought in, to see if we could make the step up. Myself and Johnny Heaney were in the same position.
“And believe it or not, I started off as a forward. Started in the forwards. The only line that I haven't played in now is goals but I think Ruairí Lavelle has that tied down for the minute, so I will leave it to him.
“Funnily enough, I was kind of bigger when I was under-12 and under-14, don't think I have grown since, so I was moved back the lines. It was actually my first year in college when I started playing corner-back, so I was only 18 or 19. I think at the time it was because someone was fast and I was told that I had to run after him, so that is where it stemmed from.”
His Annaghdown club mate, Damien Comer, was actually smaller when they began playing together, seemingly better suited for the defence.
“Yeah, he was the smaller lad, throwing his head in everywhere. The tables are turned now. Damien would have been playing wing-back and wing-forward growing up, because he was of a smaller stature. You would know looking at him, he was always a smaller lad who had no fear. And now, he is a much bigger guy and he still has no fear.”
There were 20 places between the counties in the league, Galway beat Sligo in 2014, although Sligo won two and drew one of the three championship clashes with Galway in 2010 (draw and replay) and 2012.
The rapid development of wearable technology has received another boost from a new development using graphene for printed electronic devices.
New research from The University of Manchester has demonstrated flexible battery-like devices printed directly on to textiles using a simple screen-printing technique, phys.org reported.
The current hurdle with wearable technology is how to power devices without the need for cumbersome battery packs.
Devices known as supercapacitors are one way to achieve this. A supercapacitor acts similarly to a battery but allows for rapid charging which can fully charge devices in seconds.
Now a solid-state flexible supercapacitor device has been demonstrated by using conductive graphene-oxide ink to print onto cotton fabric.
As reported in the journal 2D Materials the printed electrodes exhibited excellent mechanical stability due to the strong interaction between the ink and textile substrate.
Further development of graphene-oxide printed supercapacitors could turn the vast potential of wearable technology into the norm.
High-performance sportswear that monitors performance, embedded health-monitoring devices, lightweight military gear, new classes of mobile communication devices and even wearable computers are just some of the applications that could become available following further research and development.
To power these new wearable devices, the energy storage system must have reasonable mechanical flexibility in addition to high energy and power density, good operational safety, long cycling life and be low cost.
Dr. Nazmul Karim, knowledge exchange fellow of the National Graphene Institute and coauthor of the paper said, "The development of graphene-based flexible textile supercapacitor using a simple and scalable printing technique is a significant step towards realizing multifunctional next generation wearable e-textiles.
"It will open up possibilities of making an environmental friendly and cost-effective smart e-textile that can store energy and monitor human activity and physiological condition at the same time”.
Graphene-oxide is a form of graphene which can be produced relatively cheaply in an ink-like solution.
This solution can be applied to textiles to create supercapacitors which become part of the fabric itself.
Dr. Amor Abdelkader, also coauthor of the paper said, "Textiles are some of the most flexible substrates, and for the first time, we printed a stable device that can store energy and be as flexible as cotton.
"The device is also washable, which makes it practically possible to use it for the future smart clothes. We believe this work will open the door for printing other types of devices on textile using 2D materials inks."
The University of Manchester is currently completing the construction of its second major graphene facility to complement the National Graphene Institute (NGI).
Set to be completed in 2018, the £60- million Graphene Engineering Innovation Center (GEIC) will be an international research and technology facility.
The GEIC will offer the UK the unique opportunity to establish a leading role in graphene and related two-dimensional materials.
The GEIC will be primarily industry-led and focus on pilot production and characterization.
Thieves have targeted the home of a Limavady grandmother while she was undergoing brain surgery in Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital.
A major social media campaign is underway to try and retrieve several jewellery items of sentimental value which were taken from Christine McCartney's home at Shanreagh Park during the burglary.
Some of the items which were stolen during a burglary at Christine McCartney's home in Limavady.
The 78-years-old local woman is now recovering from surgery following an aneurism and is hoping that somebody, somewhere may be able to help reunite her with the stolen items.
Some of the rings had been gifts from Mrs. McCartney's daughter, who passed away last April.
Other items taken included a cross and chain given to her by her late husband on their engagement day and one piece of jewellery had belonged to her mother.
Christine's son Gordon said those who targeted his mother's home must have known she wasn't there.
Christine McCartney pictured with her late husband.
He added: “You would wonder why they went in on that particular day. It's terrible to think anybody would do this and the thought of people in around her home is horrible for my mother. She's facing a three to six month recovery period now after her operation but she would be absolutely over the moon to get this jewellery back. It has so much sentimental value.”
Mr. McCartney said his mother had “great friends and neighbours” and thanked everyone who had helped in the appeal to get the items back.
“As a family, we've been overwhelmed by the response to the appeal by so many different people and I would appeal to anyone who has any information at all to come forward and let the police know,” he added.
A PSNI spokesperson said they were investigating reports of a burglary in the area on January 31.
Detective Sergeant McColgan said: “Sometime over the past week, entry was forced into the property and rooms were ransacked. It is understood various items of sentimental jewellery were stolen.
“Anyone who noticed any unusual activity in the area or anyone who has any information is asked to contact detectives at Limavady on 101 quoting reference 292 31/01/18. Alternatively, information can also be provided to the independent charity Crimestoppers 0800 555 111 which is 100 per cent anonymous and gives people the power to speak up and stop crime.”
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Space Age hand-me-downs are soaring to a whole new level.
On Tuesday, SpaceX plans to launch its first recycled rocket for NASA. The unmanned Falcon 9 — last used in June — will carry up a Dragon capsule that's also flown on a previous space station supply run.
NASA's International Space Station manager, Kirk Shireman, said the risk of launching a recycled rocket is about the same as for a brand new one. He expects to be just as anxious as he always is at every launch.
"It's still a dangerous business," he told reporters Monday. Although NASA's best rocket experts conducted an extensive review of the recycled and meticulously inspected booster, there is never "zero risk," he pointed out.
Advertisement
The private SpaceX has launched recycled rockets three times before, on commercial satellite deliveries. And back in June, SpaceX launched a previously flown Dragon to the space station. This latest Dragon to fly — loaded with nearly 5,000 pounds of food, gear and experiments, and likely some Christmas presents — first flew in 2015.
While the notion of reusable rockets is hardly new — NASA's now retired space shuttles reused main engines and booster segments — SpaceX is intent on driving down launch costs by salvaging its boosters and other components, and reflying them again and again.
"This is the beginning of rapid and reliable reusability," said Jessica Jensen, a SpaceX manager. "We want to be able to send thousands of people into space, not just tens, and so reusability is a very key part of that, and we're excited because tomorrow is just one step closer to that."
As before, the first-stage booster will attempt to land back at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
This will be the first launch in more than a year from Launch Complex 40. The pad was ruined when a SpaceX rocket exploded during testing in September 2016.
In a $50 million rebuild, SpaceX made the pad more robust, burying support equipment and fuel lines under concrete and steel.
___
Online:
SpaceX: http://www.spacex.com/
It has been 12 years since Rory McIlroy played at Ballyliffin - the host club for this year's Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship.
The former champion admitted he had forgotten how good it was.
Good riddance. Carnivore Conservation Lab professor Robert Wielgus left Washington State University – and hopefully the woods and mountains of eastern Washington. Unfortunately, it's costing us, the taxpayers, to get rid of him.
Wielgus authored an unlikely hypothesis on wolf depredation, suggesting that the more ranchers and state sharpshooters put down troublesome wolves that attack livestock, the more wolves would attack. He came to that conclusion about the time the state culled the Profanity Peak wolf pack a couple years back in eastern Ferry County. After the culling, depredations attributed to that pack subsided.
Funny how he alone thought fewer wolves would lead to more related attacks on cattle, sheep and other livestock.
That's not the only reason it's good to see him go.
Over the years, Wielgus generally claimed ranchers were to blame for wolf depredations, rather than the packs themselves, packs that seemingly appeared almost overnight east of the Cascades several years ago. He suggested at least one rancher put salt licks close to a wolf den, prompting wolves to attack cattle and calves. Yet, the salt licks were no different that year than they had been for decades before.
When ranchers voiced concern about Wielgus' politically motivated research, lawmakers and university officials listened and stepped in, stripping his summer travel funds for conferences and other activities, as well as his lead wolf investigator position.
Miffed by the demotion, Wielgus claimed his “academic freedom” was being infringed upon and filed a lawsuit. He also went on the offensive, targeting the 7th Legislative District lawmaker representing numerous ranchers who have had livestock for decades in what is quickly becoming wolf country.
Wielgus accused that lawmaker, Rep. Joel Kretz, R-Wauconda, of ethics violations for criticizing the apparent politically motivated research and opposing its continued funding. (In my opinion, he filed the complaint because his feelings were hurt and because Joel is an outspoken advocate of rural eastern Washingtonians, rather than wolves.) Regardless, the state Legislative Ethics Board quickly dismissed the allegation, noting lawmakers have every right to voice their objections to the funding programs financed by taxpayers.
Kretz kept his cool about the unfounded complaint as it worked its way through the Ethics Board process.
After it tossed, he had this to say: “… PEER's complaint was lodged against me in an effort to silence and intimidate my efforts in achieving balanced public policy. However, I was elected by the citizens of the 7th District to work on their behalf; to fight for them and even protect them from overbearing and misguided attempts to use so-called policy research as a means to denigrate them and degrade their way of life.”
Eastern Washington is lucky to have such a lawmaker. And Wielgus should've been shown the door long before now.
Since Day 1, the professor has been a left-wing wolf advocate. And, as a public employee, he has been getting paid for it.
Because he was allowed to continue injecting his political views into the wolf issue affecting so many eastern Washingtonians, it's costing our state insurance fund $300,000. For that kind of money, I'm surprised he was still allowed to finish the 2018 spring semester.
The settlement came about after the professor enlisted the help of the Silver Spring, Md.-based political action group Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility in bringing both the lawsuit and the complaint against Joel. Don't know about you, but I've never heard of wolves in Silver Spring, a suburb of Washington, D.C. (except for a few looking for a chance to try to bite President Trump).
The organization's website calls Wielgus' lawsuit an “academic freedom fight.” It also claims he was bullied.
Bullied? How can it be bullying when taxpayers – and their representatives – don't want their hard-earned money being wasted on a political cause?
In the real world, off the university campus, if you don't want to do the job the way your boss wants, you get shown the door. This is nothing different.
The fact the professor didn't like being told to check his political views at the door and follow directions doesn't mean he was bullied, it means he wasn't prepared to work for rural taxpayers in wolf country. That alone should've disqualified him from the job. And his reaction – like that of a child who lost allowance money after failing to do chores – proves it.
The university sees the payoff as an acceptable means to resolve Wielgus' departure. As a taxpayer, I don't. Paying off a frivolous lawsuit isn't the answer. It only encourages similar outcomes in the future.
As a rural resident, I guess I should be glad he's moving on. And since the Carnivore Conservation Laboratory has been used for about two decades to promulgate a liberal, pro-wolf political agenda, I don't see its shuttering as a negative, either.
Roger Harnack is the publisher and editor of The Daily Sun. Email him at rharnack@dailysunnews.com.
Iranian International Master and Woman Grandmaster Sara-Sadat Khademolsharieh saw her standing jump nearly a dozen spots in the January edition of the global rankings of the World Chess Federation (FIDE), now sitting among the world's top thirty chess players.
According to the latest monthly rankings released by the governing body of international chess competitions, the 19-year-old Iranian sportswoman moved up 11 positions to claim the 28th slot, with a rating of 2,452, Press TV reported.
Khademolsharieh showed great determination in the FIDE Woman's World Chess Rapid Championships in the Qatari capital city of Doha last month, when she finished fourth in the prestigious international sports event.
She also stood 18th in the FIDE Woman's World Chess Blitz Championships there.
The Iranian Woman Grandmaster ranked second in the FIDE Women Grand Prix 2016 in Tehran, Iran, in February as well.
Meanwhile, Dorsa Derakhshani, another Iranian chess player, achieved a rating of 2,370 to sit in the second position among Iranian women.
Mitra Hejazipour attained the rating of 2,307, becoming the third-best Iranian chess player, and Atousa Pourkashiyan stood fourth with the rating of 2,303.
In the world men's rankings, Iran's Parham Maqsoodloo stood as his country's best chess player with the rating of 2,584. He is followed by Ehsan Qaem Maqami and Pouya Idani, who are ranked second and third with the ratings of 2,574 and 2,552 respectively.
Also, Pouria Darini and Shahin Lorparizanganeh finished in the fourth and fifth places among Iran's top chess players.
Due to insufficient manpower, the Lānaʻi Landfill will close at 1 p.m. on Friday and Saturday, Dec. 15 and 16, 2017.
County officials say the closures are necessary for the department to ensure safe operations and meet the minimum State Department of Health operating requirements of the county's solid waste permit.
ADVERTISEMENT
Officials with the Solid Waste Division apologized in advance for the inconvenience.
By Bridget Rutherford
Relief could be in sight for some Christchurch residents in Huntsbury besieged by youths congregating on their street partying, smoking bongs, urinating and doing burn outs.
The city council wants to install night time access restrictions along Vista Pl and Roystone Way to curb the problem.
The proposed restrictions would make it illegal to park on the streets between 10pm-5am every day, unless they were residents or their guests.
Advertisement
CONSULTATION: Signs like this could be installed on Huntsbury's Vista Pl and Roystone Way to prevent youths congregating there and partying. Photo / Star Kiwi CONSULTATION: Signs like this could be installed on Huntsbury's Vista Pl and Roystone Way to prevent youths congregating there and partying. Photo / Star Kiwi
It comes after the Southern View reported residents were fed up with youths congregating in cars on the scenic streets at night, playing loud music, smoking bongs, shouting and partying.
Some residents said their properties were being used as toilets, and toilet paper, cigarette butts and ends of joints were being discarded there.
The city council is now consulting on the plan. Feedback would then be used to prepare a report that would go to the Spreydon-Cashmere Community Board for a recommendation.
If approved, the changes would see signs installed outlining the restrictions. Those caught parking there could be fined up to $750.
Spreydon-Cashmere Community Board chairwoman Karolin Potter said the proposal came after a meeting with city council staff, police and residents.
She said the issue was difficult to deal with, and police could only step in if they were doing something illegal.
"For most of the time these people aren't doing anything illegal. They might be sitting in their cars then late at night they dance around people's property, they're filling their pipes with water from the hose, they're doing burn outs, they're defecating and dropping rubbish."
Canterbury road policing operations officer in charge Senior Sergeant Kelly Larsen said police had received a number of calls reporting disorder, antisocial behaviour and driving concerns.
She said there had been no arrests.
"We acknowledge the council proposal to restrict movement on the street at night, and will do our part to help enforce this should the proposal go ahead."
Cashmere Ward city councillor Tim Scandrett said they had to look after the community, and the issue was impacting their quality of life.
All the action from the fourth day of the second test between the Black Caps and West Indies in Hamilton.
New Zealand rammed home their overall dominance of the West Indies at Seddon Park yesterday.
They will most likely wrap up their second big win sometime today, with a day or more to spare, but some of the cricket played by the tourists has been desperately poor.
Somehow the batsmen have to find reserves of defiance and skill not sighted in abundance so far in this series, starting at 30 for two, needing a world record 444 to square the series.
Advertisement
Where there's life…..no that won't work here, although batting coach Toby Radford is optimistic of seeing some spirit today.
"I think what we are wanting is a lot of fight and to really show what we can do,'' he said last night.
''I'd love to see Kraigg (Brathwaite) and Shai (Hope) do something similar to what they achieved at Headingley against England a couple of months ago -- bat long, get a couple of hundreds and show people what we can really do."
They batted magnificently in that test to push the West Indies to victory after having been poleaxed in three days a week earlier at Edgbaston.
Brathwaite is certainly a rock and a player with form for batting time, but he can't do it on his own.
There's an attacking mindset among most of the West Indian batsmen which is thrilling to watch but there's still plenty of test development to be done with the likes of Shimron Hetmyer, one of two batsmen dismissed late yesterday to a casual drive to mid off.
The West Indies bowlers plugged away determinedly for chunks of the day.
Seamer Miguel Cummins, certainly the pick of the bowlers over the two tests, produced one sizzling six-over spell after lunch in which he removed Kane Williamson and Henry Nicholls, had Mitchell Santner dropped by wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich above his head, and clunked the lefthander on his helmet too.
But the fielding was simply dreadful. Boundary work was shoddy, there were overthrows and misfields you would berate a first XI for making.
That is one area teams can make highly skillful and Ross Taylor last night admitted the bowlers had toiled honestly and with determination. However they were let down in the field.
How often has a second innings declaration been made late on the third day of a test? Not often but this game has moved swiftly.
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails Pause
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
While waiting for Game of Thrones, which is off to a later start than usual, I focused on some women-centric shows over the holiday break.
First, I decided to pick up where I left off with Netflix's The Crown. While some may find it slow-paced, its behind-the-scene story and the glimpse of history and politics it gives make the show more engaging.
The first few episodes of The Crown reveals to us the circumstances under which the current Queen Elizabeth of England inherits the throne from her father King George 6 (who in turn inherited it from his elder brother, Edward 8; the latter abdicated to marry an American divorcee.)
To jog the memory a bit, Colin Firth actually played George 6 in the film The King's Speech.
While the costumes and scenery may not be as dramatic as Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth (this award winning film was incidentally written by Vikings' Michael Hirst), it similarly tells a story of a young woman undaunted by the duty and responsibility involved with becoming a monarch of a great nation.
Queen Elizabeth 2nd (Claire Foy) has had to make her other roles as daughter, mother, sister and wife come in second to that of being Queen. And on that count, she has had to make many difficult decisions that broke the hearts of those closest to her.
At a very young age, Elizabeth 2nd gave regular audiences another historical figure who continues to loom large to this day—Winston Churchill. John Lithgow gives us such a fine performance of this political legend both as a public and private figure.
Twelve prime ministers have come and gone while Queen Elizabeth 2nd is on her 13th as of this writing. The second season is currently filming and those following the show await the new release date and new cast members.
After The Crown, I belatedly started watching the last season of Penny Dreadful. The gothic, ethereal and ultra talented Eva Green leads the cast as the haunted Vanessa Ives.
Currently, they try to round out Marvel's Defenders on Netflix—Iron Fist was released last month—to mixed but mostly negative reviews. Despite that, people still completed the series.
Daredevil is supposed to be the best of the current four properties but Jessica Jones is my personal favorite because of the dark and strong female lead, Kirsten Ritter. She's broken when we meet her on the series but is on a journey to overcome all that and come to terms with who she is.
The show also features two other strong women: Trish Walker aka Hellcat (Rachael Taylor) and Jeri Hogarth (Carrie Anne Moss).
Now, it's three months to go until we find out the fate of the badass women of Westeros: Daenerys, Sansa, Cersei, Arya, Melisandre and company. Bravo to all the badass women on TV and to the writers, directors, producers and actresses who bring them to life.
Police tape cordons off the scene of an early morning shooting in Alexandria, Virginia; BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images(ALEXANDRIA, Va.) — Rep. Steve Scalise, R-La., the House majority whip, is in critical condition, hospital officials said Wednesday afternoon, after he and four others were shot by a gunman who opened fire on members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia, Wednesday morning.
Scalise, a lobbyist, a congressional staffer and two Capitol Police officers were injured. The suspect died from his injuries sustained in the shooting, President Donald Trump said in his remarks Wednesday morning.
Scalise's office said he was shot in the hip and underwent surgery.
“Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone,” his office said in a statement. “He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues. We ask that you keep the Whip and others harmed in this incident in your thoughts and prayers.”
Multiple law enforcement sources identified the suspected shooter as 66-year-old James Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois. His wife told ABC News he has been living in Alexandria, Virginia, for the past two months, but had not been working and was expected to return to Illinois in the coming days.
The shooting took place around 7 a.m. at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, about seven miles away from the White House in Washington, D.C., where a number of lawmakers were practicing for the annual charity congressional baseball game set for Thursday. Only Republicans were at this practice; Democrats practiced earlier in the morning.
Zack Barth, a legislative correspondent working for Texas Rep. Roger Williams, was among those shot, according to a statement from Williams. Barth is receiving medical attention and is expected to make a full recovery, Williams said.
Williams' office said the Republican baseball team holds practice every morning at 6:30 a.m. ET at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park and that Williams is the team's coach.
Matt Mika, who works as a lobbyist for Tyson Foods, was also injured. A Tyson Foods spokesperson said in a statement that Mika, director of government relations for its Washington, D.C., office, was hospitalized, adding, “We're awaiting word on his condition. Matt has worked for Tyson Foods for more than six years and we're deeply concerned about him and his family.”
Mika previously worked for Rep. Tim Walberg, R-Mich., and remains “a close friend” of his, according to a statement from Walberg.
“As a former baseball player, he was volunteering at this morning's practice to help the congressional team get ready for the game,” Walberg said in a statement. “This is deeply personal and Sue and I are praying for Matt as he receives medical attention.”
The two Capitol Police officers who were injured have been identified as David Bailey and Krystal Griner, according to House Speaker Paul Ryan.
“I spoke with special agent Bailey and special agent Greiner this morning. One was being treated and one was about to go into surgery,” Ryan said. “It is clear to me based on various eyewitness accounts that without these two heroes, Agent Bailey and Agent Griner, many lives would have been lost.”
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala., told CNN, “I was on deck about to hit batting practice on the third base side and I hear, ‘Bam.' And I look around and behind third base … I see a rifle. and I see a little bit of a body.”
“At the same time I hear Steve Scalise over near second base scream,” Brooks added. “He was shot.”
Brooks said he took off his belt and he and another congressman applied a tourniquet to try to slow the bleeding.
Brooks said a security detail returned fire at the active shooter. Brooks estimated that 50 to 100 shots were fired.
At least 21 members of Congress were at Wednesday morning's baseball practice, including Scalise and two U.S. senators. Staffers and family members were also there; Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said his two sons were in attendance, including his 11-year-old son. All members of the GOP baseball team have been accounted for.
Barton said in a statement, “The suspect was shooting at members and staff on the field. Officers of the Capitol Police returned fire and ran toward the shooter, risking their lives while saving others. The incident lasted for approximately 10 minutes.”
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., told ABC News he was in the batting cage when he heard an isolated gunshot.
Then “a burst of gunfire” erupted, Paul said. “At that point, people were dropping. Scalise was shot around second base and he crawled a little bit into the outfield,” he explained.
Paul said Scalise's security detail exchanged fire with the active shooter.
“These guys were real heroes and I think without them everybody probably would have been killed,” Paul said. “Steve Scalise is in leadership and that's the only reason there was security detail there at all. I'm sad that he was shot but he actually saved everybody's life by being there.”
Rep. Brad Wenstrup, R-Ohio, an Iraq War veteran, told Fox News that once the shooting stopped he administered aid to Scalise, putting a compression on his wound.
“I felt I was back in Iraq but without my weapon,” he told Fox News.
Wenstrup said Scalise “was as brave as he could possibly be. He said, ‘I'm thirsty.' Obviously, you don't know how much fluid he may be losing internally.”
Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill., told ABC News he saw “the bravery of the two capitol police officers that engaged the shooter that saved the lives of every single person there. … Without them there, this would have been a massacre.”
Davis said his message to the shooter is, “We are the greatest country in the history of the world. We have freedoms that many on this globe wish they would have, and you took those freedoms and tried to take lives. And you didn't succeed, and there is a warm place in hell for you, too.”
Some other lawmakers in attendance were: Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz.; Rep. Ron DeSantis, R-Fla.; and Rep. Chuck Fleischmann, R-Tenn.
At a news conference Wednesday morning, Alexandria Police Chief Mike Brown assured residents that the community is safe.
The FBI is leading the investigation and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives is conducting traces on one rifle and one handgun taken from the scene.
In an on-camera statement, Trump spoke directly to Scalise, saying, “Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers, not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation and frankly, the entire world.”
Trump added, “We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because above all, they love our country.”
Both Trump and Vice President Mike Pence canceled their scheduled speeches for Wednesday.
Scalise's office said no votes are expected in the House Wednesday.
Ryan said on the House floor Wednesday afternoon, “We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish and attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.”
Rep. Ruben Kihuen, D-Nev., tweeted a photo of Democrats praying for their Republican baseball colleagues.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., said Wednesday morning, “We're deeply saddened. We're all concerned for those injured. We'll keep them in our prayers and send them our wish for a quick and full recovery.”
He added, “The congressional baseball game is a bipartisan charity event. I know the Senate will embrace that today as we come together to express our concern and our gratitude.”
The game will go on Thursday evening as planned at Nationals Park.
Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., tweeted, “We will play for charity, but also for the victims & the heroic officers who took down the shooter.”
Former member of Congress Gabrielle Giffords, who was shot in 2011, said in a statement Wednesday, “It doesn't matter if you're a Democrat or a Republican, nor if you're a senator or a representative, nor a staffer or a sworn officer. If you serve the institution of Congress, you're connected to your colleagues, current and former, by a shared sense of service to ideals far greater than yourself. This shooting is an attack on all who serve and on all who participate in our democracy.”
“I am heartbroken for the pain of Congressman Scalise, the other victims, and their family, friends, and colleagues who survived. I am thankful for the great courage of the Capitol Police, who were my protectors after I was shot and became my friends. I also know the courage it takes to recover from a shooting like this, and I know Steve and everyone there this morning has such courage in great supply,” Giffords said. “May all Americans come together today with prayers for the survivors, love for their friends and family, and the courage to go about everyday making this country its best. Our nation is resilient, and we always come back stronger.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Williams has denied that Formula 2-star Oliver Rowland is now a late contender to replace Felipe Massa for 2018.
With Robert Kubica inching towards the race seat for next year, Rowland threw a spanner in the works by declaring at the weekend: "My team is in talks with Williams.
"British car, British driver, it fits well," he is quoted by The Independent newspaper.
But when asked if it is true that Rowland is really a contender to race for Williams next year, a team spokesman said: "That's not correct."
Canadian newspaper La Journal de Montreal reports that if Kubica does have a genuine challenger for the 2018 role, it is Russian driver Sergey Sirotkin.
Citing sources, the report said 22-year-old Renault reserve Sirotkin promises about $15 million in sponsorship, "which Kubica is unable to match".
Le Journal de Montreal said Sirotkin was seen at Williams' headquarters last Tuesday, with Kubica visiting Grove a day later.
"According to information, Williams could hire Kubica as well as Sirotkin as the third driver. If the Pole does not satisfy the team, the Russian could be called up to take over at any time."
The report concluded: "Paul di Resta, Pascal Wehrlein and Daniil Kvyat had also been mentioned to replace Massa, but they are no longer in the picture."
There are two important court cases in the news.
One is a proven false claim of sex assault, the other an as yet untried charges for perverting the course of justice.
A wheelchair-bound woman, Gail Chambers, 51, from Lurgan, lied that she was raped. She has a history of such fabrications.
The other case is in England and involves charges against a man whose identity is given only as ‘Nick'. His claims about a Westminster paedophile ring were described by a police officer as “credible and true” and sparked a £2.5 million Operation Midland probe. Distinguished public figures, including Lord Brammall, the late Lord Brittan and the late Edward Heath, came under suspicion.
Another target of the claims, the ex MP Harvey Proctor, said yesterday: “Justice must now be allowed to take its course.” So it must, but whatever the verdict in that case, urgent questions already arise around the previous policy of the police to believe alleged victims. Have police and media been too quick to relay claims?
In the case of Ms Chambers, there need to be clear reasons why she was not jailed. Her victim was spared the horror of a trial, but even so he has suffered lasting trauma.
People who fabricate assault claims such as Chambers mot only try to destroy innocent people, but they undermine the many victims of real abuse.
The judge took into consideration Chambers' “mental and physical difficulties”. It is the only possible justification for avoiding jail. Examples such as the Chambers case mean all sex claims have to be treated with caution (as well as tact).
Cressida Dick, the respected Metropolitan police commissioner, recently said that her officers will now approach rape reports with “an open mind” rather than always believed. After that development the News Letter asked the PSNI if it was planning to “rethink” the matter, like the Met, but it gave no indication that it was. It should.
DR. Dorothy Jeff-Nnamani, Managing Director of Novo Health Africa in this interview, uses her expertise in public healthcare management to examine the practice of health insurance in Nigeria within the context of its acceptance, challenges, and prospects. Our guest holds a Bachelor of Surgery, MBBS, Master of Public Health, MPH, and Master of Science, MSc, Infectious Diseases.
Your name is synonymous with Health Maintenance Organisation, HMO, how did you find yourself in the industry?
If I said I had always known that I will be doing population health since I was in medical school, it would sound like a cliché. But that is the truth. In medical school, I found that I had a flair for community health.
When I graduated, I looked at the challenges in our healthcare system and I felt that above all if we are going to be getting the real outcome for treatment provided, we have to deal with the health system by finding a way to provide healthcare for everybody. That understanding encouraged me to do a Masters degree in Public Healthcare system.
Through that, I understood a lot about public healthcare financing which is a model that can be used to finance healthcare. It could be health insurance and health tax among others. I also worked as a clinician briefly before opting to be in the public health sector.
As a clinician, I found out that treating a person should not just be about going to the hospital. For instance, a diabetes patient can go to the hospital and get treated, but after that, what happens to the management? If the person is not managed properly, if the person does not understand what his or her responsibility is towards the management of diabetes, things may not work out fine.
Management of diabetes
So there are things that can be sorted out by understanding how the external environment and lifestyle influence health. In my understanding, healthcare has to look at the totality of the individual. What happens is that what some people get in Nigeria is sick care and not healthcare. So, it is important people get reliable healthcare and everything has to come into play. To do that, the healthcare system must be organised.
At the time you got into the sector health insurance was literally non-existent in the country, what inspired you?
It was tough because already Nigerians had a perception about insurance that was not good. Having to come into a sector that provides services through an insurance principle was really tight. So, we had to start from explaining the difference between what we do as healthcare managers and traditional indemnity insurance.
There were people, who were also providing indemnity insurance for health before then. We explained that we as managers don't just pay indemnity claims, we watch our clients' back by treating them. We also provide disease management, wellness, and preventive healthcare among others. These are the things we had to explain until people started acknowledging our message. It was tough, but we had to be audacious by saying that Nigeria needs healthcare management. That management aspect is what differentiates us from normal insurance.
When we visit people in the hospital, we talk to them and the doctor about value-based medicine, outcome, overprice and we also ask about the treatment being given to the patient.
Statistics indicate that only five percent of Nigeria's population is captured in the NHIS. How come the situation is so when HMOs have been around for a long time.
The HMO industry in Nigeria has come a long way. We would not say that we are new, but we are still in that teething phase due to the lack of awareness and understanding about health insurance. The partnership between the person, who is subscribing for the health insurance and the hospital that is providing the services and the HMO that is managing the delivery of those services, is still an issue.
Environment for business
This has been the issue with the HMO industry. But the acceptance has increased over the years. People now see the value of protecting themselves financially in terms of ill health. People also see the value of having a HMO watch their back.
Nigeria is known to spend about 1.1 percent of its GDP on the health sector which is far below global standards. How has the National Health Law affected the HMO industry?
The law has been helpful in the sense that people don't just create an environment for business or create a policy. The law has been enacted. Having done that, the law gives the industry that protection and empowerment. That, gave us hope for the future. It made people to start taking the industry more serious. The law has not been fully implemented but some aspects of it have stood out. And that has encouraged us in our practice.
There are some of them that I really like to see implemented and they will help us a lot. I am talking about those aspects of patients' rights. There is a part of the law that actually states the patients' rights. And if patients begin to know their rights, it will help the health sector.
When they know that when they go to the hospital they can really request the service, know that the doctor is not doing them a favour and know that they are entitled to the service having registered in this scheme, it will be helpful to the system. I am saying so because sometimes people get to live off other person's responsibility. Sometimes, people get to the hospital and don't discuss with the doctor without asking questions.
It is the right of the people to ask doctors questions but they get to the hospitals and leave their life in the hands of the doctor. That is wrong. It is teamwork. People should learn to start communicating with their doctors by asking questions in line with their rights as patients. When more is done on patients' rights, it will help the industry by making every stakeholder sit up. The industry will begin to evolve faster if patients start playing their roles. I don't see any hospital abroad where people just come and sit down without communicating with the doctor. The first thing the doctor does there is to introduce himself.
Consolidated revenue fund
There is also a provision for one percent of the consolidated revenue fund to be dedicated to primary healthcare. If that is done, we will begin to get there. That will also provide services for people who can't pay because the essence of NHIS is to make sure that every Nigerian has access to healthcare.
On primary, tertiary healthcare: Creating awareness is everybody's duty. The Federal Government has already made it part of the National Health law. I mentioned the basic health care provision fund which is also part of the law.
It says that 50 percent of the fund is supposed to be used for the provision of the basic minimum package of health services to citizens in an eligible primary or secondary healthcare facility through the NHIS.
Then 20 percent of the funds are to be used to provide essential drugs which include vaccines and consumables, then 15 percent is supposed to be used for the maintenance of facilities and 10 percent are supposed to be used for the development of human resources for primary care. If the money is invested in the NHIS, more people will have access to healthcare. If funds are injected into the basic healthcare system, people will go there for basic healthcare but the primary healthcare is comatose. If primary healthcare is well funded, instead of going to treat malaria in the tertiary healthcare, people will go to the primary healthcare so that the people at the tertiary level can concentrate. So, there has not been a clear division on the different tiers of health sector and what services to be obtained there. When that is done, it will lessen the confusion and help in data management.
The lack awareness is still a challenge to health insurance in the country. In fact, it has been observed that religious and cultural factors contribute in limiting the awareness about health insurance in Nigeria, how are you coping with that challenge?
We can't really exempt culture in what we do. Culture plays a role in almost every sector. Therefore, in the healthcare sector, we are experiencing its impacts. Nigerians are very religious people. The essence for us is to take awareness campaign across culture and religion. Some churches have even started enrolling their members in health insurance. But some people still have certain beliefs towards health insurance because some will say that they need their pastor to okay if health insurance is ungodly or not. When we want to visit a state or a community, we must know a lot about their cultural background by doing a lot of advocacy and talking to people, who matter. Sometimes, we use their festivals to talk to them about health insurance. The acceptance of the elders of the community is key because they uphold culture and tradition. It is easier to market health insurance to corporate organisations and those, who are exposed than the informal sector.
What is the most challenging experience you have encountered in the course of your job?
What I find most challenging is letting people understand that as much as they have right to health insurance, they also have responsibilities. It is challenging for me. It is a three-way partnership that requires all the stakeholders to understand their rights and responsibilities. If they should understand their rights and play accordingly, we will have a very smooth operation. People offer services at ridiculous prices just to get money at the expense of value and it kills the industry. When they are not able to provide value, the industry suffers it. When someone has registered, it is obligatory that the services are provided. The individual must not be negated by being given a lesser service because he is on health insurance. Hospitals should provide adequate services to anyone who is registered with a HMO because the HMO already has a contract with the hospitals.
What are the ethics that have propelled you to significance?
Transparency matters so much to me. People grow by growing other. When you are working, it is better to focus on people and keep an open door policy. People should be able to voice out their opinions. I say to my staff that apart from our families, we spend most of our time at work and therefore, we need to be comfortable with each other. Apart from business ethics, I have other principles that drive my everyday life. There should be room for communication and nobody should be left out in an organisation. One should be transparent in his dealings. Our word is our bond here in Novo Health Africa.
The post Patients' Ignorance of their rights not helping healthcare – Dr. Jeff-Nnamani appeared first on Vanguard News.
A “super-budget” hotel due to open in Belfast next month says it is “seeking urgent clarification” over a stipulation that some of its rooms are not big enough for to meet certification.
It had been reported the easyHotel on Howard Street in the city centre, due to open in August, may not be certified to open because some of its rooms are too small.
However, a company spokesperson said guidance on room sizes has “not yet been updated” due to procedural delays at the Assembly.
A spokesperson for easyHotel said: “Our rooms are fully compliant with the very latest national guidance on room sizes.
“Procedural delays at the Assembly mean that guidance has not yet been updated in Northern Ireland, but in our on-going dialogue with Tourism Northern Ireland throughout the planning process we have received reassurances.
“Ultimately this is a discretionary matter and we have written to the Permanent Secretary at the Department for the Economy and the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, seeking urgent clarification.”
The spokesperson added: easyHotel makes a significant contribution to local economies. Our popular room format offers basic comfortable accommodation from £19.99 a room so that guests have more to spend in the space outside their rooms.
“That means more expenditure in local restaurants, shops and tourist locations.”
Kuwaiti oil minister Essam Al Marzouk (right) speaks to the press in Kuwait City yesterday. Opec has implemented more than 90 per cent of its agreed output cuts aimed at curbing a glut on world markets, he said.
London: Saudi Arabia told Opec that it cut oil production by the most in more than eight years, going beyond its obligations under a deal to balance world markets.
The kingdom reported that it reduced output by 717,600 barrels a day last month to 9.748 million a day, according to a monthly report from the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries. The group's own analysts, who compile data from external sources, estimated that Saudi Arabia made a smaller 496,000 barrel-a-day cut — in line with last year's supply agreement.
“Opec has done particularly well, they've surprised most analysts,” Spencer Welch, director of oil markets and downstream at IHS Markit, said in a Bloomberg radio interview before the report was published. “Saudi Arabia has made a particular effort to boost compliance.”
Opec and Russia are leading a push by global producers to end a three-year oil surplus that sent prices crashing and battered their economies. While prices initially rallied 20 per cent in the weeks after Opec's November 30 agreement, the gains have since faltered on concern that rebounding US output will fill the gap left by Opec's cuts.
Saudi Arabia's data indicate it's pumping about 310,000 barrels a day below its specified target. Saudi Arabian Energy Minister Khalid Al Falih had said on December 10 that the kingdom was willing to cut even more than was required to demonstrate its commitment to the accord.
In the same monthly report, Iraq, Venezuela and Iran told the organisation they pumped more than allowed by the accord.
Data dispute
The negotiations leading to OPEC's agreement in November were marked by a dispute over which production data to use. The group's so-called “secondary sources” numbers — derived from six external estimates — form the baseline for the accord, even though Iraq had argued that the figures weren't accurate and initially insisted that only statistics supplied by member governments should be used.
Iraq's own data show that it's exceeding its target by about 279,000 barrels a day, Venezuela's show a surplus of 278,000 and Iran's of 123,000 a day, according to the report.
Opec secondary sources estimates indicate a far higher degree of compliance, with the 11 countries subject to the accord complying by more than 90 per cent. The group's output fell by 890,200 barrels a day from a month earlier to 32.139 million in January, the data show.
Opec agreed in November to reduce production to 32.5 million barrels a day, although that total included about 750,000 barrels a day from Indonesia, which has since suspended its membership.
Urging compliance
The 11 non-OPEC producers such as Russia, Kazakhstan and Oman who agreed to join in with output cuts haven't complied as much, implementing a bit more than 50 per cent of their pledged reduction, Kuwaiti Oil Minister Essam Al Marzooq said Monday in Kuwait City. Kuwait, which chairs the committee that oversees compliance, is urging those countries to fulfil their commitments, he said.
“At the time when producers signed the deal, the initial commitments were to gradually increase cuts until April and May, so we were expecting to see some producers not fulfilling the 100 per cent cuts,” Al-Marzooq said. “We understand the circumstances, and in February we are talking to non-Opec producers to raise their cuts according to their commitments.”
Opec's January output still isn't low enough to bring the oil market back into balance, let alone clear an inventory surplus the group estimates at about 300 million barrels, data from the report indicate.
If the organisation keeps output at January levels, that would be about 800,000 a day more than it expects the market to require in the first six months of the year — adding about 140 million barrels to world stockpiles.
The rebalancing process may be assisted by stronger-than-expected demand, Opec said. The organisation boosted its estimates for growth in world fuel consumption in 2017 by 35,000 barrels a day to 1.19 million a day.
Aliko Dangote Foundation, yesterday in Abuja, donated 150 fully-kitted operational cars to the Nigeria Police Force, with the Vice President, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, declaring that government needs people like Dangote to join hands with it to grow the economy and also provide jobs to the youths.
Speaking during the formal handover of the cars at an event attended by the Vice President, ministers, state governors as well as the entire Police hierarchy, Chairman of the Foundation, Aliko Dangote, explained that the gesture was because security was essential to economic development.
Depending on how well the vehicles are maintained, Dangote promised that his Foundation might consider donating another batch of vehicles.
“The Foundation,” according to Dangote, “has been active in health, education, economic empowerment and disaster relief, and expended upwards of N10 billion annually. This is in addition to the CSR efforts of our various business units.”
Dangote stated that his Foundation made a N50 million donation to the Lagos State Security Trust Fund, and built the Police Intelligence Hostel Complex in Kwara State, all of which are part of the collaborations by the Foundation.
He added: “Today, we are deepening our intervention in security with the donation of these 150 fully-kitted operational vehicles to the Police Force.
“These vehicles will support the Nigeria Police Force in surveillance, crime prevention and promote law and order.”
FG reacts
Meanwhile, Federal Government, through Vice President Osinbajo, lauded the Foundation for the gesture and expressed appreciation to Dangote for his untiring support to the government, noting that the donation of patrol cars to the Nigerian Police Force would help in combating crimes across the country.
Osinbajo said: “Dangote is a rare entrepreneur who has done so much to grow the economy of Nigeria. Government needs people like Aliko to join hands with it to grow the economy and also provide jobs to the youths.
“The donation is characteristic of the person of Aliko Dangote. He has shown, over the years, to be an entrepreneur with a difference, a man that gives willingly to the poor.”
IG Idris
Speaking, Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, said:
“Considering the challenges government faces in meeting the entire needs of the populace for necessities like health, education and security, various Public Private Partnerships, PPP, initiatives have been developed.”
The Chairman of the CIG Motors Nigeria Limited, Chief Diana Chan, commended the Dangote Foundation for the uncommon gesture to help the security agency and provide it with logistics to aid its operations.
No one wants to receive a recall notice. Our first thought is oh no, what is this for? How much time will this take to repair? UGH!
But with the right information on hand, you can make this necessary evil an easy fix. Here's how!
How To Resolve Your Toyota Recall:
Toyota recalls and campaigns are mailed to the last known owner of the affected vehicle to help keep you safe on the road. You may have noticed an increasing amount of recalls in the last few years. Whether the recalls are for food, toys, clothes, electronics, or cars, just about anything we can buy can be flagged for a recall at any point in time. Vehicle recalls can make some people uneasy to their stomach until the problem is resolved. If that is you then you should take great comfort in the information I am about to share.
Recall Vs. Campaign:
It is important to know that recalls and campaigns are not the same thing. If you have received a notification in the mail you should identify whether it's a campaign or a recall notice. A recall is the official notice from your vehicles manufacturer that there COULD be something wrong. A campaign is more of a heads-up that the recall may be coming soon. Campaigns raise awareness and give dealers the chance to hop on board and help resolve the recalls safe and smooth. The last known owner of the affected vehicle will be notified about recalls and campaigns
Remedy available or no remedy available for recalls:
If you receive a notification that your vehicle has an open recall I would encourage you to contact your local Toyota dealership for more information. Check your recall notification or ask your Toyota dealer if there is a remedy available for the recall.
Many times when manufacturers announce official recalls they do not have a remedy for them yet. We understand that you want to get your recall remedy as soon as possible and we want the same.
If there is a remedy available for your recall:
The first step to resolving the recall is to contact your local Toyota dealership or Toyota Service Center. To save yourself time I highly recommend you call the day before your appointment and verify that the dealership has the parts ready for your recall. Typically when remedies become available there is a large demand for repairs. When we are seeing such high volumes of vehicles sometimes communication can move slower than we can work. I am explaining this so you understand the importance of calling the day before to ensure the parts are still available.
Do you want the best service for your vehicle?
If you want to ensure the best service for your vehicle you should communicate effectively and work together with your mechanic. It is true; nobody knows your own car better than you. To help your mechanic learn more about your car you should leave it for the day when it is getting service or recalls remedied.
Every vehicle that enters my service drive goes through inspections when it arrives and after the service is complete. Even if your repair or recall is only two hours of labor it may take longer than that for your car to be ready. Your mechanic can usually do a better job when their customer is not in the waiting room watching the minutes tick by.
Kendall Toyota offers shuttle, bus, and sometimes loaner vehicle services. The shuttles can take you to work after dropping your car off at the service department. When your car is ready the shuttle can pick you up from work or another location and take you to pick up your vehicle.
Does your vehicle have any open recalls? Find out today by contacting Kendall Toyota for more information.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tony Bellew believes one of the fundamental differences between himself and David Haye is his win-at-all-costs mentality as he plots to upset the odds once again on May 5.
Bellew was an overwhelming underdog going into last year's first grudge encounter but was ahead on all three of the judges' scorecards when he stopped his heavyweight rival in the 11th round at London's O2 Arena.
The victory was slightly soured as Haye visibly struggled after rupturing an Achilles tendon midway through the fight, and the former cruiserweight and heavyweight world champion is the favourite to gain revenge when they meet again at the same venue next Saturday.
Asked what his motivation is ahead of the rematch, Bellew told Press Association Sport: "To prove everyone wrong - again. It seems to be a common theme: Bellew is the massive underdog and he just wants to prove everyone wrong.
"The plan is just to do it again and win at all costs. That's the difference between me and him: you will see when we get to a certain level it's just won at all costs, I have to win. I just have to win. I'm not someone who can come home and just accept losing.
"I'm a winner through and through and that's one of my strongest attributes, I have to win and I'll do whatever takes to win on May 5.
"I'm in good shape, I'm in good spirits and I'm ready for another war."
The build-up to their first bout was marred by controversy, with Haye fined £25,000 by the British Boxing Board of Control after admitting his pre-fight comments brought boxing into disrepute.
Haye has adopted a respectful tone in recent months but Bellew, a former world champion at cruiserweight, has scoffed at suggestions he is a changed man.
Bellew said: "He's about as humble as Madonna. David wasn't humbled, he's just got humble pie on his face because what he said, he didn't do. Everything I said in the build-up came true.
"David is trying to market himself in a better way: look at his training videos, he says nothing controversial.
"This is the fella who said he was going to render me unconscious, this is the same fella who said 'I'm the worst world champion in history ever'.
"I don't forget that. Those thoughts don't change overnight, you don't go from being the worst world champion ever to thinking 'right, this guy can really fight'.
"It's just that it didn't work for him and because it didn't work he's now changed his approach. But his mindset is still the same when it comes to me."
Haye has linked up with respected Cuban trainer Ismael Salas for the return fight but Bellew believes the impact will be minimal.
He added: "He's going to have a few new trick and techniques. But once four or five rounds passes, the old dog will revert to type."
Ranbir Kapoor-Vaani Kapoor-starrer Shamshera will hit the screens on July 31, 2020. The action entertainer will be directed by Karan Malhotra and produced by Yash Raj Films. Shamshera, also starring Sanjay Dutt as antagonist, is set to go on the floors by the end of this year, according to the production house.
The project marks Ranbir's return to YRF after a gap of nine years. His last project with the banner was "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year". This will be Vaani's third film with the production house, after her debut "Shuddh Desi Romance" (2013) and "Befikre" (2016). The shooting of the film will wrap by mid 2019.
Ranbir believes Shamshera is quite a departure for him. "Shamshera is not a story of a 'daaku', but a filmbased in the 1800s, it is about a dacoit tribe who are fighting for their right and independence from the British. There was a great story of heroism, a story rooted in our country which actually happened back then," Ranbir told PTI.
"It is a departure from the kind of films I have done, it is not the coming-of-age lover boy roles which I have done often. 'Shamshera' is in the aspirational space, the space of true, badass commercial cinema."
Ranbir also said that the film will have an element of romance as well because Hindi movies are incomplete with a love story, says the actor. "A true blue Hindi film has everything- comedy, action, romance drama. And all these films I am doing are all in that direction, we are trying to have all these factors in it."
/ Front page / News
LAND issues are being resolved by the Tavua Town Council and members of a landowning unit for a residential project.
Tavua Town Council CEO Vinesh Naidu said there were still a few issues to discuss with the landowners.
"There are some problems that we are still trying to sort out with the landowners and hopefully we can get those out of the way by this week," he said.
"We have a meeting with the landowners and officials from the Local Government ministry."
He said they wanted to begin the residential development as soon as possible. "It's a very important project for Tavua.
"By having these subdivided lots, our residents can have access to proper living spaces with all of the Government amenities provided."
The project is part of the economic development plan (EDP) for Tavua.
According to the Local Government Ministry, about 100 residential lots would be established.
The EDP was designed by the ministry to increase the economic viability of the town.
Former US President Barack Obama will finally go ahead with his promise to visit New Zealand on a trip in March.
The Herald on Sunday understands Obama will visit on about March 21 arranged by Air New Zealand.
It is understood the contract is due to be finalised and the visit announced next week.
The reason for the visit is unknown but there has been speculation Air NZ is about to launch a new route to the United States, likely Chicago which is Obama's home town.
Advertisement
Former Prime Minister Sir John Key is now on the Air NZ board and will have been instrumental in securing the high-level visit due to his relationship with Obama when the two were leaders.
Key and Obama played golf together in Hawaii in 2014 and it is understood a rematch is on the agenda for Obama's New Zealand visit - likely in Key's favorite spot of Queenstown.
The visit will likely carry a stiff price tag for Air NZ. According to US media Obama was securing about $400,000 in speaking fees alone in the the United States.
Obama has often promised to travel to New Zealand but did not do so while he was in office.
Key and Obama were elected within a week of each other in 2008; both had holiday homes in Hawaii and they spent five hours on the golf course in 2014 in Hawaii as well as rubbing shoulders at international summits.
Obama shared his thoughts about Key during a conversation with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull during the APEC Summit in Manila in 2015.
Barack Obama and former Prime Minister John Key, seen here together outside the White House grounds, are expected to play golf again when Obama visits New Zealand in March.
"John is a wonderful guy and he and I have become good friends. And not just because we play golf together," he told Turnbull.
Last year there was a false alarm of a visit after security detail were spotted in Queenstown - but that turned out to be for a meeting of Five Eyes intelligence officials.
Just before Obama's presidency ended, the then US Ambassador to New Zealand Mark Gilbert said Obama did intend to visit but possibly after he left office.
The last President to visit was Bill Clinton who came in 1999 for the APEC Summit - a visit that included a game of golf with former Prime Minister Jenny Shipley's husband Burton Shipley.
Clinton returned after he was out of office in 2002 to launch a new BMW.
Santa Barbara is home to one of the nation's most progressive, in-depth and successful programs for teens: the Academy of Healing Arts also known as AHA! If you have a teen at home or know someone who does, AHA! may already be part of their school day; if not, its after-school groups are open to all and are offered by donation only.
Most kids enter their teens with plenty of education about how to read, write, and do math problems and science experiments, but almost none about how to navigate the social and emotional aspects of adolescence. Drama-saturated, sex-and-violence-glorifying pop songs, television shows, movies and websites directed at youths appeal to the least mature aspects of burgeoning teen psyches. These media can hardly be considered adequate for teaching values, communication skills, empathy or goal-setting — all essential for people on the cusp of adulthood, and aspects of what psychologists and educators call social-emotional learning.
Expertly guided social-emotional education can transform the lives of adolescents, paving their way to becoming happier, more productive adults. SEL programs improve ability to talk about one's own feelings and respect the feelings of others. They also improve attitude and classroom behavior, and even seem to improve test scores: SEL programs yield an average 11 percentile-point gain on standard achievement tests.
SEL programs also reduce conduct problems, aggressive behaviors, bullying, alcohol and drug use, violence, truancy and emotional distress in children and teens. And social-emotional skills are increasingly sought by employers in a job market that is likely to be tight when today's teens enter into it. Collaborating with others in the workplace requires much more than academic learning.
AHA! is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization dedicated to the development of character, imagination, emotional intelligence and social conscience in teenagers. In 1999, the year of the Columbine shootings, psychologists and mediators Jennifer Freed, Ph.D., and Rendy Freedman, MFT — with a combined 40 years of experience as therapists — saw a need for a social-emotional learning program in Santa Barbara. From this seed, they developed a groundbreaking, interactive SEL curriculum to be delivered to teens by skilled facilitators.
There is never fewer than one facilitator to six participants, ensuring that each student feels directly mentored while in the program. Many of AHA!'s programs target at-risk, minority and low-income youths, affording opportunities that underserved teens might not have otherwise. More than 1,000 teens are served by these programs each year, five days a week. In-school programs are held at Santa Barbara Junior High School, Santa Barbara High School, Carpinteria High School and La Cuesta Continuation High School.
After-school programs are held at Santa Barbara Housing Authority's Teen Center and Artisan Court (for formerly foster teens transitioning to adulthood) and at Carpinteria High School.
Additional AHA! after-school groups are conducted each weekday afternoon at the Unitarian Society of Santa Barbara's Jefferson Hall. In Girls' Group and Guys' Group, adolescent young men and women learn about healthy relationships; a Creative Discovery group invites teens to express themselves through art and performance; an Ally Leadership Group includes community service and diversity education; in My Three Faces, participants work with Holocaust survivors to explore their own life stories through memoir and collage; Talk it Out Group encourages teens learn to listen compassionately and share in ways that help them manage the complexities of their lives; and a Dream Group helps participants use their dreams as tools for understanding themselves and achieving their goals.
During the summer, AHA! runs intensive programs and drop-in groups so that teens can benefit from support year-round. The results speak for themselves. This agency's programs were credited by Carpinteria High School Principal Gerardo Cornejo with a 75 percent reduction in suspensions for aggressive behavior among students served for the last three years, and San Marcos High School Principal Norm Clevenger has reported a significant drop in suspensions there as well.
Last year, the AHA! program served 1,087 teens; of those in the in-school programs, 80 percent reported that they have learned to accept people a lot more or absolutely, 74 percent said they had learned to accept differences and 64 percent said they were less likely to fight with or hurt others. Virtually all teens in the after-school program reported improvements in at least one problematic area of their lives, and 75 percent reported improvements in 10 or more problematic areas of their lives.
This fall's after-school groups begin in early October. They are open to any teen age 14 to 19. An enrollment meeting will be held from 4 to 5 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 27 at 1525 Santa Barbara St. A mandatory orientation meeting will be held for participants and parents at the same location from 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 1. For more information, call Heather Cole at 805.882.2424, x309, or Isis Castaneda at 805.448.0920.
During its first 11 years, AHA! operated under the fiscal sponsorship of the Family Therapy Institute. This year, the organization became an independent nonprofit. AHA!, which is funded entirely by donations and grants, has been supported by local and regional donors, including the Santa Barbara Foundation, the Orfalea Foundations, the Kirby Foundation, the Weingart Foundation and many other organizations and individuals who hold a strong belief in the importance of AHA!'s mission and methods.
http://ahasb.com/donations/make-a-donation/” title=“Click here”>Click here to help support the social-emotional education of teens in Santa Barbara County.
— Melissa Lynn Block is the development director for AHA!.
A couple of sick, skinny peregrine falcons have been brought into Wildwoods Wildlife Rehabilitation recently ... one didn't live to be transported to The Raptor Center but the one pictured at left did.
Hawk Ridge Education Director Clint Nienhaus says mortality is high for young raptors - it's not easy growing into an adult bird of prey.
The weekend forecast with switching winds and sunshine should make for some good raptor watching at the Ridge this weekend, also.
- Above is video of Samoa Joe talking to Mike Rome at tonight's WWE RAW in Boston. Regarding Sunday's SummerSlam Fatal 4 Way with Roman Reigns, Braun Strowman and WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar, Joe says his first reign as champion will begin then but if anyone pops off tonight at RAW, they won't have to wait until SummerSlam.
- WWE stock was down 0.09% today, closing at $21.04 per share. Today's high was $21.50 and the low was $21.02.
- As seen below, Triple H has announced new WWE NXT Road Trip live events for Miami, West Palm Beach, Lowell, Kingston, Bethlehem and Amherst:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Stroller-slay dad caught in new legal trouble The gangbanger who refused to cooperate with police investigating the death of his toddler son — killed by a bullet meant for him — is still living a life of...
Dad of baby shot dead in stroller busted for robbery The father of the 2-year-old boy shot dead in a stroller last month was busted Thursday for robbing a teen on a Brooklyn subway station, cops said. Anthony Hennis, 22,...
'Baby shooting' gangbanger faces life A violent gangbanger accused of fatally shooting an innocent 16-month-old while gunning for the tot's father was indicted Thursday in Brooklyn Criminal Court on murder charges that could put him...
March 18 to 22 will see the Spring Battle's innovative ‘follow cam jam session' format return to the Absolut Park in Flachauwinkl.
For 16 years, the Spring Battle has been all about creativity and fun, which is one of the reasons why well-known riders from Europe, North America, Australia and New Zealand keep coming back to the perfectly shaped Absolut Park in Flachauwinkl year after year to take part in the relaxed jam session at the end of the season.
For 2017, the World Snowboard Tour upgraded the event to a WST Elite Level Event. The men's top 40 and women's top 10 in the WST ranking will have a safe spot at Spring Battle, so a number of high-class athletes will definitely be taking part in the contest again. Still, anyone who feels like challenging international contest riders and riding the demanding setup is welcome — the event is open for all…
Billy Morgan's been a regular at the Absolut Park Spring Battle for years.
Riders love the follow cam jam session format of the Slopestyle contest. Follow cam what?… No worries, it's easy to explain: Just team up with a buddy or filmer, film each other's runs for a couple of days until you capture a good one on video, and hand in the uncut video for judging. The team constellation is totally open, anyone can team up and even mixed teams are allowed. Creativity and style are the key factors for a good score, not the filming technique.
Even though the Spring Battle has the vibe of an easygoing jam session, the prize money is worth 70.000 US dollars, so taking part definitely pays off! As the number of participants is limited, we highly recommend you to sign up and transfer the entry fee until March 4, 2017, to get one of the open spots.
Carlos Garcia Knight enjoying the Absolut Park's varied terrain.
For more information about the Spring Battle 2017 and the Absolut Park, head to www.absolutpark.com.
One of the regular complaints of climate change doubters and sceptics is that scientific projections of a dire future are too heavily based on computer simulations, or models, which - they say - rest on a variety of questionable assumptions.
But a major climate change study published yesterday relied not on models but experimental data - a 26-year record of observations, no less - to reach a conclusion perhaps just as worrying. The research, tracking the emissions of carbon from artificially heated plots of a forest in Massachusetts, reinforces fears about the possibility of a climate change "feedback" involving the planet's soils, one that could pile on top of and substantially worsen the ongoing warming trend triggered by the burning of fossil fuels.
"The study is one of the longest if not the longest climate change ecosystem experiment, beyond the one we are running in our own planet," said Pep Canadell, an expert on the Earth's carbon cycle at the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation in Australia. He was not part of the research.
Starting in 1991, a team of researchers has been studying the same 18 plots of forest soil in the Harvard Forest in Massachusetts. Six of the plots are entirely undisturbed, representing the natural state of the forest floor; six are artificially heated through underground cables to 5C above the normal temperature; and six are "disturbed", meaning they contain heating cables, but the cables are not actually powered, so the temperature is not altered.
Advertisement
The researchers involved - affiliated with the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole, Massachusetts, the University of New Hampshire, the University of Massachusetts Amherst, and New Hampshire-based Research Designs - have continually measured the difference in carbon dioxide emissions emanating from the different plots. The hypothesis is that warmer temperatures would lead microorganisms in the soil to become more active in breaking down plant matter and other materials. These microbes would then release more soil carbon into the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide gas, in a process known as respiration.
Now, in the latest update of the findings published in the journal Science, the team reports that 17 per cent of the carbon has now been lost from the upper layer of soil of the heated plots over the period of the study. Extrapolating to the scale of the planet, the researchers suggest, that could be a big deal.
"This magnitude of loss could amount to hundreds of petagrams - billions of metric tonnes - of carbon fluxing from the world's forest soils to the atmosphere, if those soils responded to warming like the Harvard forest soils have done over the experimental period," said Jerry Melillo, a scientist at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole who has overseen the research for nearly three decades. (A petagram is equivalent to a billion tonnes.) The study suggests a possible release of about 190 petagrams over the course of the century from the top metre of the Earth's soil, which it calculates is "equivalent to the past two decades of carbon emissions from fossil fuel burning". And Melillo believes that the possibility of this occurring isn't adequately taken into account in future climate change projections.
"I think that everyone agrees that we don't include the microbial feedback mechanisms very well in climate models," said Melillo.
That said, the Harvard Forest study contains some subtleties and surprises. Notably, the soil carbon did not stream out of the ground continuously over the 26-year period. Rather, the release occurred in four phases.
First there was a large burst of carbon that happened over the initial 10 years. Then, the carbon releases ceased for the next roughly seven years, as the heated plots ceased to show any difference from the non-heated ones. Then the emissions resumed - and then, most recently, stopped again.
The pattern appears to reflect the kinds of organisms in the soil changing so as to favour organisms that consume carbon in different ways. "One of the things that became very apparent is that we were changing in significant ways the structure of the microbial community," said Melillo.
The research arrives a little under a year after another influential study compiled the results of 49 separate field studies on soil carbon emissions and concluded that this feedback is indeed real, based on the balance of the research. That study concluded that the feedback could lead to 50 petagrams of emissions just by 2050.
Still, there are several important cautions about the latest research, noted Canadell, who also heads up the Global Carbon Project, which annually releases figures on how much carbon fossil fuels and other parts of the Earth's system have put in the atmosphere.
"By definition, manipulative experiments like this one, are systems treated with a shock perturbation overnight," he noted by email. But a sudden soil temperature increase of 5C "is unrealistic to what is happening or will happen the real world", Canadell continued, noting that global warming actually proceeds "at several decimal points of a degree warming per decade".
Canadell also questioned the 190 petagram figure for possible global emissions by 2100, noting that the study "is in one type of ecosystem and in one single place in the world (a few hundred square metres), and the one thing we know is that different biomes and ecosystems are very different, and within, there are no two soils patches the same".
"This negative assessment, however, doesn't detract one bit from the extraordinary relevance of the data set and new understanding produced by Melillo's experiment," Canadell continued.
However, the results ultimately get incorporated into our understanding of the planet, Melillo said. "I'm really quite thankful that there is a place in science for some of these long-term experiments at the systems level, where mechanisms unfold slowly over time."
The Emir of Kano, Muhammadu Sanusi II, has called on Northern leaders to promote girl-child education in the region.
Sanusi made the call during the inauguration of Aminu Dabo College of Health Sciences laboratory complex in Kano on Monday.?
??He urged the leaders to give priority to female education as they did with their male counterparts.
“The people need to prioritise their commitment toward the education of female just like their male counterpart.?
“We appeal to everybody, especially well-meaning individuals irrespective of party differences, to provide the environment to aid girl-child education,” he said.?
The monarch also admonished the people of Kano to support each other and work as a team for the overall development of the state.
He commended the proprietor of the school for his foresight and contribution to the development of education in the state.?
Earlier, the proprietor of the school, Alhaji Aminu Dabo, had said that the school was established two years ago to promote educational development in the state.
He said that 80 per cent of the institution's students' population was women.
Dabo added that the school would collaborate with Kwara University and another university in Malaysia for degree courses.
He commended the Kano Emir for his stance on girl-child education and also thanked him for honoring the invitation to the event.
NAN
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/CNN) – President Donald Trump is taking the concept of getting tough on opioids to another level.
Trump officially proposed imposing the death penalty for certain drug dealers on Monday.
Speaking at an event focused on the opioid epidemic in New Hampshire, Trump said it was critical to “get tough” on combating the epidemic.
“If we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we are wasting our time,” Trump said. “And that toughness includes the death penalty.”
Trump went on to say that dealers “will kill thousands of people during their lifetime” but won't be punished for the carnage they cause.
“This is about winning a very, very tough problem and if we don't get very tough on these dealers, it is not going to happen, folks,” he said.
Monday's event marks Trump's first trip back to the first-in-the-nation primary state — and the state that that introduced the businessman-turned-politician to the opioid scourge — since he won the presidency.
The President, joined by first lady Melania Trump, laid out a plan that looks to balance increasing punitive measures to stop drug traffickers and broadening the federal government's involvement in combating the epidemic with a sweeping ad campaign about addiction and more funding for drug treatment programs, according to Trump administration officials briefed on the plans.
The plan will include stiffer penalties for high-intensity drug traffickers, including the death penalty for some, Trump said.
Though Trump has long advocated for sentencing certain drug traffickers to death, public policy experts have condemned the proposal even before Trump rolled it out, arguing that it misses the cause of the opioid epidemic.
White House officials told CNN that Trump's broader plan will focus on key areas: law enforcement and interdiction, prevention and education through a sizable advertising campaign, improving the ability to fund treatment through the federal government, and helping those impacted by the epidemic find jobs while fighting addiction.
Congress recently appropriated $6 billion to combat the opioid epidemic, and a senior administration official told CNN that Trump's plan will lay out how the White House believes that money should be spent. At the time, treatment advocates and drug policy experts were concerned the uptick in funding wouldn't be spent wisely and wasn't nearly enough.
Trump has credited voters in New Hampshire with introducing him to the opioid crisis during his 2016 campaign. He frequently referenced the scourge when campaigning in the state, which has been epicenter in the fight against opioids. But in a call with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto shortly after his inauguration, Trump referred to the state as a “a drug-infested den,” drawing fierce criticism from the state's leaders.
Days before Election Day in 2016 — when time is a campaign's most precious commodity — Trump even traveled to New Hampshire to discuss opioid addiction and pledge to make fighting the epidemic a focus.
His response as President, however, has been mixed, according to epidemic experts. The President has been accused of sidelining the Office of National Drug Policy Control, failing to heed the recommendations of his opioid council and focusing too much on the punitive measure to respond to the epidemic.
Trump in October declared the opioid epidemic a public health emergency, telling an audience of experts and people in recovery that “we can be the generation that ends the opioid epidemic.”
Recently released numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that around 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in 2016. And since 1999, the number of American overdose deaths involving opioids has quadrupled.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
Cork City boss John Caulfield has led the tributes to former Republic of Ireland midfielder Colin Healy who has confirmed his retirement from the game, aged 37.
“He played for Ireland, played at the highest level (away) and was unlucky with some of his injuries but he's come home to finish his career out here and he has been a joy to have,” said the manager.
“He was a top player but he's been absolutely phenomenal behind the scenes; in the dressing room, on the training pitch. Over the last three years that I have been here, he made a massive contribution to the club.
“He played a huge part in us returning to European football but, most importantly, winning the cup last year, which he played a huge part in. That was a fitting way for him to finish out his career, after the heights he reached as a player, to win a trophy with his local club.”
Healy had two stints with City but started his senior career at Celtic before having spells at Sunderland, Ipswich and a number of other British clubs. He won a league title with the Scots as well as a League Cup and helped City to two FAI cups. He was named the FAI's League of Ireland Player of the Year in 2014.
The Corkman represented Ireland at various underage levels and made 13 senior appearances for Ireland, scoring one goal, over the course of 2002 and 2003. He was almost drafted into replace Roy Keane at the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. Ultimately, though, he missed out as Keane's eventual departure came after the deadline for replacements to be called in.
A popular figure amongst both Cork City fans and his fellow players, Alan Bennett, Greg Bolger and Seani Maguire were amongst those to pay tribute to him on social media today.
A free Teen Arts Festival will be held from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday, June 18, at the Carpinteria Valley Arts Center, 855 Linden Ave., sponsored by Carp Cares for Youth in collaboration with the Carpinteria Valley Arts Council.
John Wullbrandt, the well-known artist who just did the mural on Wullbrandt Way, will be doing a mural on the wall of the Art Center with student artists, and there are great classes with great teachers all day with a lunch break at noon. The event is free of charge!
Lunch will be offered for all teens who pre-register for this event. Click here to register. Teens can sign up for one to three sessions, from 10 a.m. to noon, 1 to 3 p.m. and 3 to 5 p.m. taking advantage of a short introduction to mural painting, photography, collage, watercolor painting, jewelry making, anime drawing or fimo clay sculpturing.
Teen ArtFest is funded through the City of Carpinteria. This year, Carp Cares For Youth is working in collaboration with the Carpinteria Valley Arts Council, which will host all the classes and the student art show.
Carp Cares for Youth will also feature the student art produced that day at a reception from 5 to 7:30 p.m. Friday, June 21, at CVAC, with Jamey Geston performing, DJ Hecktik spinning tunes, food, fun, open mic/poetry and more. Parents and community members are welcome to attend the Student Art Exhibit/Music.
This special event is free to all Carpinteria teens and young adults from 12-20. Click here to register. Parental consent forms for those 18 and under may be brought to the workshops. Space is limited so sign up now to break June gloom and summer blues and find your creative space.
— Amrita Salm is co-chairwoman of Carp Cares for Youth.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
- As noted, WWE Hall of Famer Booker T will be replacing David Otunga on RAW commentary for the next six weeks as Otunga is off filming a movie. Above is video from today's RAW with Booker talking about his return to the announcement table. He's interrupted by one of his former partners - Goldust. They joke about one last ride for "BookDust" before Booker noted that he's more serious this time.
- WWE stock was up 1.73% today, closing at $21.75 per share. Today's high was $21.76 and the low was $21.45.
- It appears Aiden English is working on a new project as he tweeted the following teaser today before RAW:
What's the best spot for food/drink in your town? Whether famous and popular or a hidden treasure? A project in the works...#Artaste — Aiden English (@WWEDramaKing) April 17, 2017
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
BY ROTIMI AGBANA
Ahead of French President, Emmanuel Macron's visit to the New Afrikan Shrine today, as part of activities to mark the launch of the 2020 Season of African Cultures in France, afro-beat maverick, Femi Kuti, has declared that Macron's visit to the New Afrikan Shrine confirms the popular fun spot as the best fun place to be.
In an interview Femi, who confessed that the news of President Macron's decision to visit the New Afrikan Shrine came to him as a shock because it caught him unawares.
“It caught us completely unawares but we're very happy, we're very delighted. It's a big political, cultural statement and I think it practically closes the case that the New Afrikan Shrine is the place to be. We're very authentic, original; we've kept the integrity of the African heritage, my father's legacy. I think it's probably the biggest cultural center on the African continent now where we give free music, talking about political issues for free and to the best of our abilities. If we did have the funds, can you imagine what would come out of the shrine? So for Macron to decide on coming to the shrine, I'm sure he must have heard a lot about my father, his dreams or the shrine. I'll believe he's enthusiastic, he feels the vibration that comes out of the shrine. I hope it's not a one-off thing where he comes and goes. I don't even believe that. I hope we all feel this political statement and hope things would probably begin to change positively for the better”, he said.
He added that hopefully, President Macron's visit would kick-start positive infrastructural developments for Nigeria.
“What I want to see here in Nigeria is the kind of infrastructures I see in Europe, in America. Can't we have a railway line from Lagos to Johannesburg? We need the kind of trains that fly 370kph. Imagine we have such in Africa, this place would be so beautiful, it would be a big party every day. Macro has probably heard some of my political statements and hopefully this is a chance to make this statement more vibrant and echo more around the corners of the world. I know there are many Africans that think the way I think, so we should now begin to divert our energy in this direction because this is our time”, he said.
Tracing his historical relationship with France, Femi noted he has a long history with the French.
“Even before President Macron, President Jacques Chiraq loved my father. The French have been so supportive of my father, of me and the shrine. They used to come to the shrine in those days. At the beginning of my career, they made it a priority; everything was happening for me in France. France was the first country to accept my talent. I'm still in France, I'm quite popular there, and I'm like their own. My love with the French and their love with me is public knowledge.
Speaking further, he commended Lagos State Government's involvement in the epoch-making event.
“It's a state visit; the shrine cannot handle an event of this magnitude alone. The Lagos State Government has been very supportive. The government understands the gravity of such a visit. If this visit truly materializes into all I've spoken about, can you imagine the prospects it spells for this country? We'll start to establish foundations for meaningful development, infrastructures without corruption, with integrity for the future of this continent. I think this is probably the first step in that direction. Someone like me would definitely capitalize on it by working towards this goal and I hope people who have the same idea as me would all work together with me in this respect.
When you take a trip to Las Vegas, you may have trouble figuring out just what you should be spending your time on. Getting the right experience from your trip is important, and you're going to need to figure out how to set aside time in your schedule to see everything that you want to see. There are so many things that could make your experience that much better, and going on the best Grand Canyon tour that you can find is an obvious way to get a great experience while you're in the Las Vegas area.
While not all tours offer this, there are a few Grand Canyon tours Las Vegas which make it really easy for you to get to the Grand Canyon from the city, so that you don't have to worry about finding transportation to and from Las Vegas. Big Horn Wild West Tours offers amazing tours for groups of all sizes, with a range of different group tour options for you to choose from. We also make it easy for you to get the best tour experience as well, customizing the tour for your interests as well. If you'd like to get a great tour experience while you are in the Las Vegas area, and are interested in seeing the Hoover Dam or Grand Canyon in style, then visit our website today at www.bighornwildwesttours.com.
About Our Company
Big Horn Wild West Tours is the best tour company for seeing the Hoover Dam, the Grand Canyon, and some of the other amazing areas that are right around Las Vegas. While other tours might offer you an interesting look at one of these amazing world wonders, we are the best tour company around because we cater to your needs. This includes offering a diverse array of tour options that you can customize to your interests. If you're visiting the area, and you want to see the best parts of this part of the country, then booking a tour with Big Horn Wild West Tours is the only way to do it.
Get In Touch:-
Big Horn Tours
2657 Windmill Parkway #357
Henderson, NV 89074 USA
Phone: 702.385.4676
Website: http://bighornwildwesttours.com/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's not just a myth – some of the new plastic £5 notes really are worth hundreds .
But which ones?
Well, its the first batch that are really highly prized, so you want to be looking out for serial codes beginning “AA01”.
Some of these freshly-minted polymer notes are going for more than £200 – so don't go squandering them on sweets!
One eBay seller has a “Brand New. Uncirculated. AA01 Serial Number” not on sale for £227.
Of course, the closer the banknote is to the very first banknote produced in the first batch, the more valuable it becomes to collectors.
If a banknote with the ‘AA01' prefix is followed by a serial code in the low digits, it becomes even more attractive.
The very first polymer £5 banknote to be produced has been retained by the Bank of England for auction, where it is expected to be sold for between £800 and £1,200.
Is the plastic £5 indestructible?
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Its serial code is ‘AA01 000007' – any notes that were produced just after very first are particularly sought-after.
Unfortunately, once the banknote serial number leaves the vaunted ‘AA01' domain its value among collectors slumps dramatically, although there are examples of banknotes with the ‘AA' prefix being sold for around £20 online.
Even if your freshly minted £5 notes don't come close to the prized ‘AA01' territory, it is worth nothing that some collectors also prize sets of banknotes with sequential serial numbers.
The Bank of England will be auctioning off a complete set of 60 £5 banknotes, with serial code prefixes ranging all the way from ‘AM01' – ‘AM60'; where they are expected to sell for between £3,000 - £4,000, more than ten times their nominal value.
One of the most-feared quirks of cryptocurrencies is becoming more of a headache.
Over the past few weeks, rogue operators of some of the computer networks that perform the complex calculations that verify transactions for various coins are attacking their own networks again. This time it's Bitcoin Gold, an offshoot of the most widely known form of digital money, with a US$717 million (NZ$1 billion) market capitalisation.
Such attacks, in which so-called miners gain control of the majority of the network's computing power to falsify transactions, are generating ill-gotten gains that risk collapsing the value of the coins. Under attack for more than a week, Bitcoin Gold is down about 25 per cent since May 18.
Similar attacks have targeted Verge, Monacoin and Electroneum, according to Autonomous Research. To gain power over a coin with a market cap of $500 million, an attacker may need to spend as little as $778 an hour, according to Autonomous.
Advertisement
After all, many of these smaller coins - and there are now more than 1,600 of just the major ones - have ballooned in value, becoming valuable targets for criminals. Some bad actors also may want to torpedo one coin to boost the value of another, Spencer Bogart, partner at Blockchain Capital, said in an email.
The stable of miners supporting many of these coins is still small, so reaching that 51 percent threshold is relatively inexpensive, especially now that manufacturers like Bitmain have begun putting out more powerful and less expensive mining machines that produce more coins. Earlier this year, Bitmain said it's created machines capable of mining Bitcoin Gold, creating an uproar among some of the network's users.
"Infrastructure with small communities is fragile, and unless private, has no network effects," Lex Sokolin, global director of fintech strategy at Autonomous Research. "But the irrationality of the markets recently have priced everything -- altcoins, ICOs -- highly, which means that the reward to hacking has increased. This creates a fertile ground for more bad actors across the industry, from hacking to phishing to 51 per cent attacks."
Bitmain said in a statement that its equipment helps prevent attacks by not only exponentially increasing the barrier to entry, but by also making it counter-productive for a bad actor with a high number of its so-called ASIC miners to launch an assault.
To make it harder to execute an attack, Bitcoin Gold plans to upgrade its network software via a so-called hard fork. It's also tweaking its algorithm, to make it harder for computers -- which can easily gain and aggregate network power -- to mine its coins. Many coins are also working toward getting rid of miners altogether.
"It will offer more protection for the simple reason there's less power out there configured to mine on the algorithm we are planning to use vs the algorithm we have now," said Edward Iskra, a spokesperson for Bitcoin Gold.
Some of the smaller networks also may not have as many developers working to fix their bugs and defend their networks. The Bitcoin Gold attack targeted exchanges that didn't do enough checking of their customers before letting them trade large amounts of funds.
"In many ways, these attacks are inevitable," Bogart said. "It's the equivalent of leaving a vault unlocked but still expecting it to secure valuable assets."
- Bloomberg
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On September 16. 2002 Birmingham City supporters were in Blue heaven when their side hammered Aston Villa 3-0 at St Andrew's.
It was a game memorable not only for the fact it was the first league meeting between the teams since the 1980s - but also for a certain goalkeeping error.
Bluenoses still recall that game to this very day, especially whenever the rivals are about to meet again.
A decade and a half on we discover what the heroes from that night are doing now.
Nico Vaesen
Back in Belgium he has gone into football agency as owner of VN Consulting & Management and has represented Liverpool goalkeeper - and compatriot, Simon Mignolet.
Jeff Kenna
Went to coach in Florida, returned to the Midlands and has been involved in financial services.
Darren Purse
Has held posts as AFC Rushden & Diamonds U18's manager and Director of Football at Malcolm Arnold Academy - and is currently still playing and assistant manager at Isthmian League Premier Division club Enfield Town.
Kenny Cunningham
Has gone into punditry, with TV station eir Sport.
Martin Grainger
Based his London, his son is a goalkeeper with Leyton Orient.
Paul Devlin
Still a regular visitor and contributor behind the scenes at St Andrew's, also runs coaching scheme across the region.
Robbie Savage
A ‘much-loved' radio pundit. At least by some.
Aliou Cisse
Manager/head coach of one of the powerhouses of African football - Senegal. International boss to Cheikh Ndoye.
Damien Johnson
Based in Lancashire and as well as being involved in Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland set-up he is also lead development phase coach with Blackburn Under 23s.
Stern John
(Image: Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images)
Has coached in the USA and moved back to his native Trinidad and Tobago where he is player/coach at Central FC. He is also an assistant coach with the Trinidad and Tobago team.
Clinton Morrison
Carried on playing into his late 30s at Redditch United and Mickleover Sports but is building a career in punditry.
Subs
Darryl Powell (for Devlin, 79)
Has also become an agent, involved in the deal which brought Rhoys Wiggins to Blues in 2016.
Bryan Hughes (for Savage, 87)
Involved off the field at Hull and head of coaching with Yorkshire-based i2i International Soccer Academy.
Geoff Horsfield (for Morrison, 69)
Still based in West Midlands, runs his own charitable foundation and regularly appears at Q&A sessions with Blues fans.
Not used:
Ian Bennett - Goalkeeping coach at Nottingham Forest academy.
Stan Lazaridis - Returned to his native Australia where he was inducted into West Australia Hall of Champions last year. Has interests in business and football administration
Manager:
Steve Bruce: Went on to manage Wigan, Sunderland and one of the other local clubs.
NEW YORK (AP) — Social media is a daily way of life for many Americans.
Nearly half of Americans who use the internet say they use Facebook at least several times a day, making it easily the most popular social media site. And Facebook-owned Instagram comes in No. 2.
So whether you're reaching for your phone before getting out of bed in the morning, or logging on to procrastinate during work, chances are you see the little blue "F'' icon more often than you take a shower.
A new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research finds that 12 percent of Americans who are online use Facebook "almost constantly," while 34 percent use it several times a day. About 15 percent use it once a day, and only 12 percent of Americans don't have a Facebook account at all.
Advertisement
More women than men check Facebook more than once a day — 57 percent of women compared to 36 percent of men, according to the poll. Younger people are on Facebook more than older people. About 62 percent of adults under 30 check the site several times a day or more, while only 30 percent of adults 60 or over do. About 54 percent of adults 30 to 44 check multiple times a day, as do 43 percent of adults aged 45 to 59.
Jim Mazzarese, 73, a retired airline manager from Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, is one senior who checks Facebook on his phone several times a day when he gets notifications. He has a bit of a love-hate relationship with the site.
"It gets me crazy when I see opinions other than mine, it gets my blood pressure going up — but it's a lot of fun," he said. He appreciates how Facebook has let him connect with people from when he was growing up "100 years ago."
What about the other social media sites?
Seventeen percent of Americans say they check Instagram throughout the day, and 10 percent say that about Snapchat. For all of the attention that President Donald Trump gets for his tweets, only 7 percent of Americans say they use the micro-blogging site several times a day. Just 5 percent say they spend that much time on WhatsApp, and 4 percent say the same of Reddit.
Is it actually healthy to check in with Facebook so much?
In a blog post in December, Facebook acknowledged that users should be mindful of the issue. A study published in the Journal of Experimental Psychology the same month found University of Michigan students randomly assigned to read Facebook for 10 minutes were in a worse mood at the end of the day than students assigned to post or talk to friends on the platform.
Meanwhile, a study that Facebook research director David Ginsberg conducted with a Carnegie Mellon professor showed that sending or receiving direct messages or posts and comments on one's timeline tends to boost psychological well-being.
Worldwide, Facebook has 1.4 billion daily active users out of 2.2 billion total, so most active Facebook users check in at least once a day.
___
The AP-NORC poll of 1,140 adults was conducted April 11-16 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak Panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
___
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
The Insurance and Pension Commission will soon require all insurance companies to publish their financial statements regardless of whether they are listed or not.
IPEC commissioner Tendai Karonga yesterday said the move is aimed at instilling market discipline as there will be transparency and disclosure.
“The commission, through the proposed amendments to the Insurance Act, will require that all insurance companies publish their financial statements, regardless of whether they are listed on the Zimbabwe Stock Exchange or not.
“This will help in instilling market discipline since stakeholders will now be more informed and will therefore punish insurers whose financial statements will not be depicting a good standing,” said Mr Karonga.
The commission had discovered that there were policyholders entering into arrangements to pay premiums in instalments.
However, in some instances the premiums are never remitted to insurance companies.
Mr Karonga said insurance companies should therefore come up with policies whereby they account for the premium debtors when they have a realistic chance of receiving the premiums.
“The commission has come up with a position whereby, for example, short-term insurance companies are supposed to write off premium debtors aged more than 90 days. Against this background, we implore the accounting profession to always be on the lookout for treatment of premium debtors vis-a -vis regulatory requirements.
“This will ensure that regulated entities do not report ‘fictitious' assets, which create a false sense of security to their customers,” said Mr Karonga.
He added that liabilities feeding into audited financial statements for insurance companies should be actuarially determined.
Mr Karonga said the commission continues to note challenges in the market where actuarial valuations are conducted only after an audit for insurance companies.
In extreme cases, he said the actuarial valuations are not even conducted, a situation which casts doubt on the values of liabilities reported.
“We believe that under subdued economic conditions, actuarial valuations should be conducted annually. We recognise that this has cost implications but the cost of not doing actuarial valuations is higher,” he said.
Mr Karonga said the accounting profession also needs to interrogate valuation reports which form the basis of figures reported by insurance companies.
This is in view of the fact that some asset valuations are being conducted by unqualified parties such as loss adjustors.
He said since the adoption of the multicurrency regime, IPEC has on a number of occasions reviewed minimum capital requirements.
In a bid to comply with the revised minimum capital requirements, some insurers have revalued their assets.
Mr Karonga said the situation is worsened if the revaluation is conducted by unqualified and conflicted valuators.
He said, when conducting audits, the accounting profession should be on the lookout for such issues and report them to the commission.
Mr Karonga added that going forward insurers are now called to pro-actively conduct solvency self-assessments.
He said this will call for skills upgrades of the regulated entities themselves and the need for auditing firms to train their personnel on how to review the self-assessments. The Herald
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on vehicle type, payload type, payload weight, orbit type, frequency band, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the satellite payloads market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the satellite payloads industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
We love to see your engagement and wedding announcements.
Submit yours here!
SWEETWATER COUNTY — The following marriage licenses have been issued in Sweetwater County between March 12 To March 16.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Ashley Kay Brewer, 22 to Shantel Marie Stocks Christensen, 25 both of Little America.
Alexander Lewis Mansir, 19 to Madasynn Alicia Straw, 20 both of Rock Springs.
Michael Alan Fermelia, 55 to Toni Lynne Rogers Beard, 50 both of Rock Springs.
Nathan Wynn Jeppsen, 41 of Rock Springs. to Veronica Alcaraz Gutierrez Nohemi, 37 of Tijuana.
President Donald Trump waves from Air Force One prior to departure from Joint Base Andrews in Maryland, February 2, 2018, as he travels to Mar-a-Lago in West Palm Beach, Florida, for the weekend. SAUL LOEB/Getty Images
President Donald Trump took to Twitter Saturday morning to show off about his latest approval rating, which is the highest it has been in nearly a year. The commander in chief pointed to the number to suggest his political support is higher now than it was when he won the presidency. But the truth of the matter is the president's approval ratings are still on average far lower than those of his predecessor.
“Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain ‘sacred cows',” Trump wrote on Twitter. The commander in chief never clarifies who he means by “sacred cows.” In Trump's world, these numbers are no exception: “Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday!”
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49%, a far better number than I had in winning the Election, and higher than certain “sacred cows.” Other Trump polls are way up also. So why does the media refuse to write this? Oh well, someday! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
The commander in chief also retweeted his son, Eric Trump, who linked to a Daily Mail story about his father's approval ratings with the hashtag #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
The president was referring to the latest daily tracking poll by Rasmussen, the conservative-leaning outfit that usually gives higher numbers for Trump's approval rating than other daily tracking polls. The Friday Rasmussen poll found that 49 percent of likely U.S. voters approve of the president's job performance, a four-point jump from the Feb. 1 survey. That is significantly higher than the latest data from Gallup, which showed Trump's approval rating at 38 percent on Jan. 28.
The last time Rasmussen reported such a good number for the president was on June 16, when it said 50 percent of likely voters approved of the president's job performance.
The Rasmussen poll also says 49 percent of likely voters disapprove of the president's job performance. Rasmussen is the only pollster that has a tie in the approval vs disapprove comparison with all others showing higher numbers in the disapprove column. According to the Real Clear Politics Average, 41.9 percent approve of the job the president is doing, while 54.2 percent disapprove.
A north Belfast man says he, his partner and their friend are lucky to be alive after they were almost hit by a stolen car as it careered down the Crumlin Road shortly before crashing.
Seven people, including a child, were taken to hospital following the collision near Ardoyne shops on Tuesday evening.
Thomas Mathers.
One man remains “critically ill” in the Royal Victoria Hospital.
Five other vehicles were hit as the stolen vehicle sped down the Crumlin Road shortly before 7pm.
Police said the black Audi A1 car, which flipped in the air and landed on its roof, had been reported stolen from Thirlmere Gardens in north Belfast in the early hours of Sunday morning.
Thomas Mathers told the News Letter how his partner Jenny was giving him and a friend a lift to the local pigeon club to watch the England World Cup match when they were almost hit by the stolen car.
“We were just coming out at Wheatfield Crescent onto the Crumlin Road and a car had stopped to let us out onto the road. We had just driven out and your man came flying down. He was absolutely hammering. He must have been doing about 80 to 100 miles an hour,” he said.
“Jenny had to slam the brakes on. Luckily she just saw him appear from nowhere, hammering down the road. If she hadn't seen him he would have hit us.
“If we had driven on out a second before that he would have gone right into the side of us and we'd have been killed. It was that close. It was scary.
“It's incredible that nobody was killed.”
The 50-year-old van driver from Glenbryn didn't witness the horrific crash, but heard the carnage unfold as they drove up the road a few hundred yards away.
“He swerved to miss a car that was coming out on the other side of the road and that must have been when he started to lose it. When we turned up the road we only drove a few feet when we heard the bang,” he continued.
“My partner is a nurse and she turned round to go down to see if she could help, but the police weren't letting anybody near the place.”
The car was being pursued by specialist PSNI officers when the crash occurred, and the Police Ombudsman's Office has begun an investigation into the circumstances of the collision.
Police have appealed for anyone who spotted the Audi car, registration GD18 SJU, between Sunday and Tuesday to contact them on 101 quoting reference 1442 3/07/18.
• Police investigating a serious one-vehicle road traffic collision involving a blue Toyota Yaris on the Killyleagh Road, Killinchy at approximately 12.30am on Wednesday have urged witnesses to come forward.
The female driver of the vehicle was taken to hospital for treatment to her injuries.
Police at Newtownards can be contacted on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 56 04/07/18.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
0:54 Crews haul L.A. couple's car up Hwy. 1 cliff
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
Cork City 3 Bohemians 0
A pair of early goals from Graham Cummins and Kieran Sadlier set champions Cork City on their way to a comfortable Premier Division victory over Bohemians at Turner's Cross yesterday.
With Dundalk not in action, this win moves City three points clear of the Lilywhites at the top of the table ahead of a weekend free of league action following the postponement of their clash with Derry City due to U-21 international call-ups.
Having drawn at Limerick last Friday and lost to Dundalk a week before that, with a win over Shamrock Rovers in between, City were without a goal in open play since beating Sligo Rovers on February 26th.
They needed a positive start and they got it, with Kieran Sadlier going close early on, his low shot inadvertently blocked by Graham Cummins, and the opener arrived in the 18th minute. Conor McCarthy set Barry McNamee free on the right and his low cross was met by Jimmy Keohane. Similar to the previous incident, the shot hit Cummins but this time it deflected past Shane Supple and the home side were in the lead.
They were two to the good just three minutes later, having been awarded a penalty for the third straight league game. Cummins' pass allowed Conor McCormack space on the right and his cross might have fallen for Sadlier but for the illegal intervention of Rob Cornwall's hand.
Sadlier duly made no mistake from the spot and, even then, the outcome seemed inevitable.
McNamee might have made it 3-0 before half-time with a low curling free kick while at the other end Bohs' only real chance was an Ian Morris volley which was easy for Mark McNulty.
On the resumption, Cummins went close with a low shot from Keohane's pass and when Bohs did try to create openings, Shane Griffin and Seán McLoughlin made excellent blocks to deny Dylan Watts and Jonathan Lunney respectively.
City sought a third and might have got it through Keohane, though Morris was alert to the danger, while Supple was quick off his line when Keohane's through ball nearly put Cummins in.
Substitute Karl Sheppard also went close, Dan Casey denying him, but Sheppard did get the third goal in the 87th minute after McNamee rolled the ball invitingly to him.
CORK CITY: McNulty; McCarthy, Barry, McLoughlin, Griffin; McCormack, Keohane; McNamee, Buckley (Morrissey 25), Sadlier (Sheppard 66); Cummins (Horgan 90).
BOHEMIANS: Supple; Pender (Morris 26), Cornwall, Casey, Leahy; Buckley, Brennan; Lunney, Watts (Corcoran 64), Moore; Stokes (Ward 70).
Referee: T Connolly (Dublin).
Attendance: 4,265.
Share This: Steven Spielberg's 5 Biggest Blockbusters Jon
Steven Spielberg may be 70 (his age has always been the subject of debate), but his productivity has never diminished. In the next six months alone, we'll see two new movies from the legendary filmmaker: December's The Post and March's Ready Player One. While these films are virtually assured critical and commercial success—par for the course when it comes to Spielberg's directing efforts—even he can't expect them to soar to the jaw-dropping heights of his early triumphs.
Premiering this weekend, Spielberg is an epic new documentary that details its subject's rise and… continued rise as a filmmaker over the last 40-plus years. What some younger movie buffs might not realize is just how unprecedented Spielberg's success was at his peak. A hit-making machine when commercial success was still a marker of quality, Spielberg experienced off the charts success—that has been unfairly diminished by the ravages of inflation. Without even taking into account his many hits as a producer (three of them would have bumped other movies off the list below), here are Spielberg's five biggest hits as a director, along with their grosses (adjusted for inflation) and all-time box office ranking.
5. Close Encounters of the Third Kind ($497 million, #75 all-time)
By today's ADD-addled standards, Close Encounters of the Third Kind might be considered slow or even uneventful, but the director's first foray into science fiction offered images and sensations no one had experienced before.
4. Raiders of the Lost Ark ($787 million, #21 all-time)
The biggest hit of 1981, Raiders of the Lost Ark launched the only franchise that Spielberg has remained loyal to as a director. In addition to the two new movies listed above, Spielberg is currently hard at work on his fifth Indiana Jones movie.
3. Jurassic Park ($817 million, #17 all-time)
Now that movies can show us just about anything with convincing detail and clarity, it's hard to imagine a time when a special effects breakthrough had the power to make headlines and dominate the box office for months. That's exactly what happened when the dinosaurs of Jurassic Park arrived in 1993, launching a franchise that's still a dominant force 24 years later.
2. Jaws ($1.14 billion, #7 all-time
After directing a variety of TV shows and TV movies, Spielberg graduated to feature filmmaking with 1974's unfairly overlooked Sugarland Express. However, his real breakthrough came with Jaws, an industry-shifting mega-hit that permanently expanded the appetites and commercial ambitions of Hollywood.
1. E.T.: The Extra-Terrestrial ($1.26 billion, #4 all-time)
Based on an idea that sprang from Spielberg's own imagination—when his parents got divorced, he became best buds with an imaginary alien—E.T. went on to become the biggest of Spielberg's many blockbusters. By punctuating everyday reality with an occasional splash of the fantastical, the director delivered one of the most down to earth box office behemoths of his (or anyone's) career.
Spielberg premieres on HBO Canada tomorrow at 8PM. Check out the trailer below.
emt Distribution strengthens cybersecurity offerings with Thycotic deal
Agreement adds privileged account management to distie's suite of offerings.
Adelaide-based emt Distribution has increased its cybersecurity offerings with the addition of Thycotic to its vendor roster across Australia and New Zealand.
The Washington D.C.-based company is a provider of privileged account management (PAM) solutions including password and endpoint protection.
The distributor's current roster includes Airlock Digital, Acunetix, Cybonet, Delta Technology Solutions, CoSoSys, Matrix 42, Ninja MSP, Opswat, Picus, Flexera, Temasoft, ThreatTrack, ThreatQuotent, and Vipre.
However, emt said demand for privileged account management solutions is growing rapidly among government and enterprise organisations, with SMBs and mid-tier enterprises not far behind.
The company has already added five new staff members dedicated to the vendor to meet anticipated demand, the company said. These include pre-sales engineers and customer service personnel.
In addition, the agreement gives emt the right to appoint a secondary distributor in A/NZ if if required.
As part of the deal, emt Distribution will also attend on site sales meetings alongside partners, run walk-throughs and tailored demonstrations with partners for end-user customers, and help partners manage the Thycotic deal registration process.
This is a similar deal which cybersecurity vendor Bitdefender has with SMS eTechnologies in A/NZ, where the distributor acts as a proxy for the vendor in country.
"Organisations are waking up to the fact that traditional cybersecurity defences like firewalls and anti-malware are struggling to combat the rising tide of targeted attacks," an emt spokesperson said.
"Privileged accounts are the keys to the kingdom. Organisations need to know how many human and non-human privileged accounts they have, who has access to them, restrict that access and lock down the passwords that protect them. Putting it in plain terms, you can have the best locks in the world, but they won't help if you leave the keys under the doormat."
A July 2016 study from analyst firm Forrester estimated that 80 percent of data breaches involve privileged accounts that have been compromised or abused.
The distributor said Thycotic Secret Server was developed as a comprehensive privileged account management solution that protects organisations' system user credentials and privileged accounts.
In addition emt said its range of cybersecurity solutions mitigate the vast majority of cyberattack vectors and address the Australian Signals Directorate's (ASD's) Top 4 Strategies to mitigate targeted cyber intrusions - application whitelisting, patching applications, patching operating systems, and privileged account management.
These mitigate more than 85 percent of intrusion techniques that the Australian Cybersecurity Centre responds to.
"Privileged account management is one of the top four mitigation strategies used to meet the needs of the Australian Signals Directorate. It is a perfect opportunity for our channel partners in the region to be seen as trusted advisors," Thycotic. vice president, Simon Azzopardi, said.
1 2 Next Page
Hello Beautiful Staff
Why deck the halls when you can deck your eyebrows? At least that's what social media influencer, Taylor R is promoting. The Canadian born, Hong Kong living vlogger revealed to her followers that she has been growing out her eyebrows just for this moment.
Christmas Tree Eyebrows 🎄 Yes or No? 🤔 #christmastreeeyebrows A post shared by Taylor R (@taytay_xx) on Dec 5, 2017 at 5:43am PST
Taylor provides a full YouTube video (of course) on how to achieve this look. You'll need clear brow gel, a glue stick, fake eyelashes and hair wax to achieve this look, along with a mascara brush (the one that you get a Sephora when you want to use the tester). You'll also need any decorations you want to add to your tree, er, eyebrows.
This led beauty lovers to try this trend and here were some of the results.
These Christmas Tree Eyebrows are New Holiday Sensation https://t.co/yY7Pm0tFF8 pic.twitter.com/rxRGEPkU0r — HoursTV (@hourstv24) December 11, 2017
Yup Christmas tree eyebrows are a thing! No thank you! pic.twitter.com/exkKQ5qziF — CHUM FM (@1045CHUMFM) December 10, 2017
Tis the season 🎄😂😂😂 #uglybrow is the new #uglysweater ( TAG A FRIEND WHO LOVES XMAS AS MUCH AS I DO ) A post shared by Amanda Cerny (@amandacerny) on Dec 10, 2017 at 10:56pm PST
This might be a little more delightful (or frightful!) than the squiggly eyebrow trend that was happening. If you want to learn how to do it, watch Taylor's video, here.
Beauties, take our poll below and let us know, is it HAUTE or NAUGHT?!
DON'T MISS:
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Grillz For Your Lips Debuted At Balmain For Paris Fashion Week
LET'S MAKEUP: Everything You Need To Nail The Blue Eyeliner Trend
HAUTE OR NAUGHT: Check Out Naomie Harris' New Bob Cut
Airlines are piling the pressure on Auckland Airport, saying the company can give the ''single finger salute'' to those who object to its prices.
An Australasian group, Airlines for Australia and New Zealand (A4ANZ), says the airport has been targeting ''excessive profits'' amounting to $3.6 billion since privatisation 19 years ago.
It says that figure is based on earnings that were more than expected normal commercial returns (across the whole airport - not just airfield income) in each of the years since 1998. With its individual airline members, the group is pushing for tighter rules to cover airports.
''Under the law as it stands, Auckland can give the single finger salute to the Commerce Commission and the airlines - it can charge what it likes,'' said A4ANZ chairman Graeme Samuel.
Advertisement
Airlines say the airport could make excess profits in the current five-year period by setting a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) - the figure that determines the overall return for a firm - of 6.99 to 7.06 per cent.
The group's submission to the commission says the difference between the WACC set by the airport and the commission's mid-point of 6.41 per cent is significant.
'It would result in customers paying an extra $65 million in airport charges over the five-year pricing period.''
The commission, in a draft ruling this year, has also said the airport might make excessive profits and is concerned that it is not targeting appropriate returns.
But in its submission, Auckland Airport says because of the big building programme now under way, and the ''unprecedented circumstances'' it faced at this stage of the investment cycle, it needs help to support its investment.
Airlines for Australia and New Zealand chairman Graeme Samuel. Photo / Supplied
The company has acknowledged it has been caught out by rapid passenger growth during the past few years as tourism boomed. It now handles close to 20 million passengers a year.
Airlines say the company should have started improving passenger facilities sooner.
Samuels told the Herald the airport's monopoly position had allowed it to run down its facilities.
''Auckland is now talking about an infrastructure deficit, but to let your primary international and domestic airport fall into the state of inadequacy and deficiency in terms of quality, and at the same time we pay 100 per cent of profit to shareholders, there is something wrong,'' he said.
His group represents Air New Zealand, Qantas, Jetstar, Virgin Australia, Tigerair and Rex Regional Express, and said in its submission that Auckland's 79 per cent operating margin was second only to Sydney in a group of 20 airports studied around the world.
Wellington Airport (72 per cent) had the fifth highest margin in the group.
''These comparisons demonstrate the extraordinarily high profits of Auckland Airport, compared to airports of a similar magnitude that may have less market power, face increased competition or are subject to regulation,'' the submission says.
Samuel said his group was not advocating a regulated price cap, but what it wanted was meaningful action by a regulator.
''What we want is simply the Sword of Damocles - the threat of regulatory intervention which says to monopolies 'behave yourself or else'.''
The commission does not regulate the prices that Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch International Airports charge, but it does require them to disclose information.
These airports may set prices as they see fit, but must consult substantial customers, like airlines, on charges and any major capital expenditure plans.
The regulation does not cover other services such as carparks and retail facilities, which are increasingly important for airports, and which airlines argue should be part of any target pricing.
The Commerce Act is being reviewed and although there are not likely to be major changes to the light-handed oversight of regulated industries such as airports and electricity companies, airlines are pushing for new negotiating systems and beefed up powers for the commission.
The chief executive of A4ANZ, Alison Roberts, said high margins at Auckland Airport were a reason financial analysts regard the company so positively.
Airlines for Australia and NZ chief executive Alison Roberts. Photo / Supplied
"In order to comprehensively address the issue of airport monopolies and market power, a multi-faceted approach involving genuine industry engagement and consultation will be required, to ensure that both the community needs of New Zealand and those of the broader economy are met, through sensible policy, and a regulatory environment that encourages innovation and efficiency,'' she said.
In its submission, Air New Zealand criticised the airport's capital spending programme, which will involve spending $1.2 billion on aeronautical infrastructure during the current five years. It says that is happening well behind growth, to the benefit of shareholders.
The airline says the work did not require investment from shareholders, as the airport company returned 100 per cent of net profit as dividend.
In paying out $454 million in 2014, says the airline, the airport company ensured all its shareholders were protected from having to make a reasonable investment in regulated assets — aircraft, freight, airfield, and passenger terminal activities — on the pretext of being assessed as cash positive by credit agencies.
''A good steward of monopoly infrastructure would have anticipated required investment at the time and invested at least a portion of those excess earnings in infrastructure.''
Late this afternoon the New Zealand Airports Association responded, saying airports faced huge challenges to build infrastructure to meet the tourist boom, and airlines needed to get on board.
The country had a ''great'' regulatory regime that worked and airlines should stop their carping and engage in the process, said association chief executive Kevin Ward.
"It's a bit rich being criticised by airlines who are making record profits, facing limited domestic competition, (and) cutting regional services.''
The commission will make a final ruling on Auckland Airport in September.
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the dust settling on Gianfranco Zola's resignation, Birmingham City now look for a manager to try and steer them clear of relegation.
Our respected colleague at The Mirror, Neil Moxley, gives his strong thoughts on the gamble that didn't pay off at St Andrew's.
This is what Neil wrote after the Italian's departure...
Gianfranco Zola looked like a little boy lost at the press conference to announce his arrival as Gary Rowett's successor.
It was a persona that was maintained through to the bitter end at Birmingham City.
For all the platitudes of 'nice bloke' and 'brilliant player' that were trotted out as some justification for his pedigree as a football manager, the sorry truth was spelled out in horrible fashion at St Andrew's.
He has been proved to be embarrassingly out of his depth.
I sat in the paddock of the old Main Stand watching as sorry a performance as I'd seen – and there have been a few contenders for that description over the years - against a Burton Albion side that was tough, organised and willing to put their bodies on the line for three vital points.
Birmingham City were nothing of the sort.
They appeared to have been thrown together on the morning of the match – asked to go and play with one another – by a manager whose credibility has been shot to pieces. Like a barrel, choc-ful of apples, massacred by a machine-gun.
There was pure frustration after the final whistle from supporters who have watched a promising season collapse around them. They weren't consulted on Rowett's exit. They weren't asked about his replacement, either.
They've been asked to pay up, shut up and accept what they were being told for their own good. No wonder they were almost beyond angry. Even with my hands over my daughter's ears, it was difficult for her to escape the vitriol.
Difficult to escape. But easy to understand. The punters have watched with growing frustration as result after result has inched them closer to the drop.
Oh, they tried to offer their support amid the confusion that followed Rowett's departure. They are a fair bunch at St Andrew's. But that backing steadily turned to despair.
Often, statistics lie. But Zola can have no complaints.
Birmingham City were seventh, lying outside the play-offs on goal difference when he arrived.
After two wins in 24 outings – yes the two FA Cup ties against Newcastle United's reserves should be included – they now lie three points above the drop-zone.
Given the three fixtures that remain – against cross-city rivals Aston Villa next Sunday, at home to promotion-chasing Huddersfield Town and a final day test at Ashton Gate, another D-Day – such as the one famously experienced at Bolton Wanderers three years ago - is now frighteningly on the cards.
Honestly, the natives tried to offer their backing. But restlessness turned into outright warfare at Rotherham United on Good Friday. The punters were brawling in the stands. The players, Lukas Jutkiewicz and Emilio Nsue having to be separated during the warm-down.
Zola did have a chance to succeed. He arrived within hours of the club announcing Rowett had been sacked. Unlike many, he'd had time to sift through the resources at his disposal.
He was given funds. The club confirmed to me plenty of times that the manager had given his personal seal of approval to the transfers that were carried out.
The core of individuals assembled by Rowett were lost. Club skipper Michael Morrison picked up an injury as did striker Clayton Donaldson.
But others, such as David Cotterill and Jacques Maghoma, were discarded. The players started playing expansive football. It didn't work. It rarely does in the Championship. And not with these players. Simply, they weren't good enough.
That fact damns Zola. Another coach may have seen it sooner and altered this season's outcome.
As it is, the slide down the table was accelerated and a back-four was ditched for a back-five. Four-three-three? Three-five-one-one? You name it, the Italian tried it.
A mish-mash of signings – old boy Craig Gardner has few real pluses as a player – his goal-scoring ability is one. But he doesn't possess quick feet. It seemed an odd purchase if Birmingham were trying to recreate Brazil's team of 1970 midway through a Championship campaign to bring him back from West Bromwich Albion.
In the end the players were confused. It doesn't excuse them. But makes the position a touch easier to understand.
The club started the season being, industrious, gritty and difficult to beat. About as pretty on the eye as a pig in lipstick. But two 10th-placed finishes showed they were competitive.
But in December that went out of the window. Why? That was never fully explained, either.
However, what of those decision-makers above?
The faceless bunch in Hong Kong, new owners Trillion Trophy Asia, have never explained their aims or revealed themselves to supporters still sore at the fall-out from the regime of convicted money-launderer Carson Yeung.
De-facto chief executive Panos Pavlakis personally sourced Zola. It is mightily convenient for the Chinese owners that the Italian fell on his sword tonight. He must have been given one almighty push.
Because to sack Zola would have been to admit that Pavlakis's gamble failed. That the Greek banker got it wrong.
There are those at Birmingham City who, behind-the-scenes, have been tearing out their hair in frustration. There are others, such as Pavlakis and recruitment head Ewan Chester – very happy to take credit as the power-behind-the-throne – who have been desperate for this strategy to work.
Perhaps that's the reason why Zola has been given so long. The club could have terminated his employment at any stage in the last month and justified it.
However, this experiment has failed. And it's failed badly.
It now remains for a group of players whose confidence has been blasted to bits to gather themselves together, to rouse themselves and find the points to keep themselves in the division, staring next weekend at Villa Park where a sell-out crowd will be desperate to hammer a claret and blue nail in their coffin.
In the final analysis, Zola can take a huge proportion of the blame for this sorry slump. He was backed from day one. And didn't deliver.
But those who took the decision to sack Rowett too are reaping the whirlwind. And it's one that might yet see the house of cards at St Andrew's come crashing down around their ears.
We found the most important stories about the Los Angeles Rams. Today's edition focuses on recapping Day 1 of Minicamp.
Every day, we include the best stories about the Rams. We also devote one section of our recaps to a video highlight. Let us know if you think a story should be included in our daily post by sending us a tweet @TheRamsWire!
Gurley Concerned With Wins More Than Individual Numbers | Rams' Official Site
We all know the 2016 season was disappointing for the Los Angeles Rams, particularly offensively. But for running back Todd Gurley, the lack of victories sting more than any individual numbers. Read more
Five Takeaways from Day 1 of Minicamp | Rams' Official Site
The Rams began their mandatory minicamp on Tuesday afternoon with the first of three scheduled practices. Here are five takeaways from the session. Read more
Ram hopes exploiting mismatches springs Todd Gurley in 2017 | NFL's Official Site
Todd Gurley was easy to find last season: usually buried under the opposition a few yards ahead of the line of scrimmage. New Rams head coach Sean McVay is on a mission to make Gurley more difficult to locate. Read more
Jared Goff likes to say that he has gained 10 pounds for every year of his life. He's 22 now, heading into his second season in the NFL, and is carrying about 220 pounds on him — 10 more than he did as a rookie. Read more
The first day of minicamp is official over. Here's what the Rams' headliners had to say after Day 1 of the optional mandatory minicamp. Read more
Los Angeles Rams' 2017 Off-Season News
Minicamp Update: Rams' Head Coach Sean McVay's Minicamp Press Conference 6/13
Responding to media queries, the Minister of Foreign Affairs Ravi Karunanayake, expressed shock and grief at the tragic loss of life and injury as a result of the devastating fire at Grenfell Tower in London yesterday (14th June).
He expressed the deep condolences of the people of Sri Lanka, to the families and loved ones of those who passed away as a result of this tragedy and conveyed the hope that those who are injured would soon recover.
He added that the thoughts and prayers of the people of Sri Lanka are with all those affected by this tragic incident at this time.
While there are no reports of any Sri Lankans having been affected by this incident, Minister Karunanayake informed that the Sri Lanka High Commission in London has been instructed to remain alert and assist anyone who may be in need of help. The London Metropolitan Police has set up and emergency number to contact for those that may require help at 08000961233.
The following officers at the Sri Lanka High Commission in London have been entrusted with the task of rendering assistance to any Sri Lankans who may need help in connection with this incident:
Mr. Priyanka Fernando (Minister Counsellor) – Mobile: +4474 66779693
Mr. Vithurson Vincendrarajan (Third Secretary) – Mobile: +447538200462
(Government News Portal)
Luann bringing in Broadway's best for cabaret show Tony winner Tony Yazbeck, Andrew Keenan Bolger of “Newsies” and Laura Benanti will all be part of de Lesseps' debut.
My grandmother was flashed by Marilyn Monroe “Marilyn Monroe used to come in at lunchtime and get a Beefeater martini,” says Michael Colby, striding past the bar in the Algonquin Hotel on West 44th Street. And it...
Martha Plimpton goes shirtless for fundraiser speech Plimpton swanned through the aisles in sparkly high heels, making funny asides.
Anna Wintour donates signature sunglasses for charity Anna Wintour has donated a pair of her signature Chanel shades to a charity auction surrounding the one-man show “Ryan Raftery Is the Most Powerful Woman in Fashion”
‘Pippin' star Ben Vereen, a ‘grits-and-oatmeal guy,' hits NYC He was born in Miami, raised in Brooklyn and says he currently lives “in a suitcase” — but Ben Vereen seems most at home on Broadway. The Tony-winning star of...
You have to see this singer impersonate Broadway's divas Whenever I'm in need of a laugh, I read my old columns — or watch Carly Sakolove's “Send in the Clowns” video. Who, you might be wondering? A few years...
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) celebrates with wide receiver Cole Beasley (11) after scoring on a 2-point conversion to tie the game at 28-28 during the second half of an NFC divisional round playoff game at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
Beasley said he's not worried that his hamstring has bothered him for seven months now.
FRISCO -- Dallas Cowboys receiver Cole Beasley said the hamstring injury that has kept him from practicing this offseason has bothered him since Week 10 of last season.
"It's not concerning because I've been able to play through it. That makes me feel better about it," Beasley said. "I really don't think my hamstring will pull. I can't explain what it feels like, but if I go out there and run full speed it's not going to just go. I played with it for six weeks and in the playoffs and did everything in workouts. Because it hasn't gone away that's why we haven't done anything the past couple of weeks. I would love to play without it being there."
Beasley led the Cowboys in receiving last season with 75 catches for 833 yards and five touchdowns.
Beasley said the Cowboys' medical staff believes he's dealing with hamstring tendinitis.
"I wouldn't say it's soreness. It tightens up when I overextend," Beasley said of his hamstring. "As far as running routes, it doesn't bother me at all. It's really after I catch the ball and try to open up is where I feel it. It doesn't hurt. There is nothing surgery can do for it.
"They say they've had guys with an injury like this before and it's nagged them for a long time and it just went away. So it's kind of like a waiting game. If it doesn't go away, I can play through it."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rail workers are to stage a protest in Birmingham today warning passengers they are paying "more for less" ahead of news on how much rail fares will go up next year.
Commuters and other passengers will find out today how much extra they will be charged from the new year.
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
Regulated fares make up almost half of all tickets and include season tickets, standard returns and some long-distance, off-peak returns.
They increased by 1.9 per cent in January this year but the RPI figure for July 2017 is expected to be around 3.9 per cent which would lead to the highest increase in rail fares since 2012.
Public transport campaigners have called for the Government to use the Consumer Price Index measure of inflation to set rail fares instead.
CPI is generally lower than RPI and is used to calculate changes in benefits and the ONS warned last month that RPI was "flawed" and had "serious shortcomings".
Rail unions said that, even as fares rose, rail engineering work was being delayed or cancelled, skilled jobs were being lost and staff numbers were being cut on trains and at stations and in ticket offices.
Unions are calling for reduced fares, public ownership and protection of jobs during the protests which are taking place nationwide.
They come less than a week after the Government announced a £1 billion investment into the West Midlands' rail network as part of a new franchise awards for the routes currently operated by London Midlands.
(Image: Dale Martin)
A joint venture between Dutch group Abellio, East Japan Railway Company and Japanese conglomerate Mitsui & Co has won the nine-year tenure.
Manuel Cortes, leader of the Transport Salaried Staffs Association, said: "When the Tories passed legislation which allowed rail fare hikes year in, year out, they made legal one of the greatest train robberies in railway history.
"Now, the state-owned railway companies of France, Germany, Holland and Italy, who have gobbled up large swathes of our network, are allowed by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling to laugh all the way to the bank at our expense.
"Train companies, with the Government's blessing, hide behind the Retail Price Index as a method of legitimately fleecing more money from hard-pressed passengers at the start of each new year."
In response, a spokesman for the Department for Transport said: "The Government carefully monitors how rail fares and average earnings change and keeps under review the way fare levels are calculated.
"We are investing in the biggest rail modernisation programme for over a century to improve services for passengers - providing faster and better trains with more seats.
"We have always fairly balanced the cost of this investment between the taxpayer and the passenger.
"We are driving the industry hard to improve efficiency to ensure we maximise the value of passengers' and taxpayers' investment in the railways.
"Regulated rail fares are capped in line with inflation for next year. In the five years to 2019, Network Rail is spending more than £40 billion to maintain and improve the network.
"On average, 97 per cent of every £1 of a passenger's fare goes back into the railway."
People cheat on their partners for all sorts of reasons — but according to a recent survey, your likelihood of being unfaithful could also depend on your job.
Ashley Madison, the controversial online dating service for people who are married or in relationships, recently polled members on what they did for a living.
The survey revealed some interesting insights — while the website has been created specifically for cheaters, members were surprisingly loyal to their careers, with 44 per cent claiming they never switch jobs, with the rest saying they only changed roles every 10 years.
It also found the most infidelity-prone professions for both men and women.
Advertisement
Men
1. Trades
Tradies took out the top spot for the blokes, with 29 per cent of respondents working in the trades.
According to Isabella Mise, Ashley Madison's director of communications, tradies' shift work and random hours make it easier to do the dirty on their partners.
"Jobs in trades often mean irregular hours and are often structured in shift work meaning it's easier for men to fly under the radar when it comes to sneaking around with an affair partner," The Independent reported Mise as saying.
2. IT
12 per cent of male cheaters work in IT.
3. Entrepreneurs (both male and female)
Surprisingly, entrepreneurs came in at number three for both men and women.
According to the survey, that could be because entrepreneurs "are likely to take charge of their sex life the way they do their business".
4. Retail and hospitality
Waiters, bartenders, baristas, and hotel workers made up 8 per cent of male respondents.
5. Finance
Another 8 per cent of cheating men are in the finance industry.
6. Marketing and communications
Six per cent of unfaithful men work in marketing and communications.
7. Medical
Five per cent of male cheaters are employed in the medical field, including doctors and nurses.
8. Legal
Four per cent of male respondents work in the legal profession.
9. Education
The education industry — including professors, teachers, and lecturers — made up 4 per cent of male cheaters.
10. Arts and entertainment
Three per cent work in arts and entertainment.
11. Agriculture
Another 3 per cent work in the agriculture industry, including farming.
12. Social work
Finally, 2 per cent of male participants were social workers.
Women
1. Medical
A whopping 23 per cent of female Ashley Madison members work in the medical field as doctors or nurses.
"A combination of long hours of potential stress mixed with a natural reaction to stress just might be the reason these women in the medical profession seek out an affair," Ms Mise said.
2. Education
Next came female teachers, who made up 12 per cent of respondents.
3. Men and women — Entrepreneurs
Male and female entrepreneurs took out the number three spot.
4. Finance
Nine per cent of female cheaters are financiers.
5. Social work
Female social workers are more likely to cheat than their male colleagues, with 9 per cent of participants working in this field.
6. Retail and hospitality
Nine per cent of female cheaters worked in retail or hospitality.
7. IT
Eight per cent of female participants work in IT.
8. Marketing and communications
Next came women in marketing and communications, making up 4 per cent of respondents.
9. Trades
Lady tradies took out the ninth position, with 4 per cent of participants working in jobs such as plumbers and builders.
10. Legal
Four per cent of female cheaters work in the legal field.
11. Arts and entertainment
Another 4 per cent of are in the arts or entertainment industry.
12. Politics
But just 1 per cent worked in politics.
Two years ago, Riduan Masmud was charged of raping a 12 year old girl and to avoid prosecution, he took her as his wife. Image depicts a traditional Malay wedding ceremony. Source: Shutterstock
RAPISTS marrying their victims now seems to be an acceptable cultural practice in Malaysia.
Two years ago, Riduan Masmud was charged of raping a 12 year old girl and to avoid prosecution, he took her as his wife. Utterly ridiculous.
Riduan was eventually convicted and jailed for actually trying to bribe the girls father with RM10,000 (US$2330). At the time of the crime, which was in 2013, he was married with four children. The victim became his second wife.
Last week, Rohani Abdul Karim, Malaysia's Minister for Women, Family and Community Development, said that the now 16-year-old victim is healthy and doing fine while her rapist husband is serving his time in jail. In fact, she even paid him a visit once.
SEE ALSO: Malaysia: Girl who married rapist is ‘fine' – women's minister
Nevermind that the girl hasn't been to school since the incident because she feels too ashamed of what had happened. Nevermind that she says she intends to work to support herself although without finishing school, that opportunity will be bleak.
Nevermind all that because the minister who is supposed to be in charge and responsible of protecting the interests of women and families in Malaysia have said that she is doing fine and healthy. Utterly ridiculous.
I think Malaysians really need to reflect and think about what is right and wrong when it comes to rape. The fact that a rape victim can ‘take responsibility' for his actions by marrying his victim is clearly wrong, and worst is that it is so entrenched in the Malaysian system.
And you know something is so entrenched in our society when it enters into our popular culture. In the last month, I have watched no less than three mainstream Malaysian movies in the cinema that treated rape very disturbingly.
The three movies are Kau Yang Satu, Minah Moto and Pencuri Hati Mr Cinderella. The first was directed by Osman Ali and the other two were directed Ahmad Idham Nazri. Yes, the movies were all written and directed by men.
Kau Yang Satu tells of a couple who were married through the arrangement of their fathers. One particular scene shows the husband raping the wife in order to ‘teach her a lesson'. She gets upset but eventually forgives him because he charms her by teaching her how to tie a neck tie!
https://youtu.be/BHf7BYweDR4 Video can't be loaded: The Fat Bidin Film Club (Ep 110) – Kau Yang Satu (https://youtu.be/BHf7BYweDR4)
Minah Moto is a story about a group of women who likes to race motorcycles and one of them gets involved with male racers. She eventually gets raped but the scene is presented so comically and with such disrespect that you wonder what the director, Ahmad Idham, thinks of rape.
https://youtu.be/CjMNMgZ39aA Video can't be loaded: The Fat Bidin Film Club (Ep 104) – Minah Moto (https://youtu.be/CjMNMgZ39aA)
Now the same director, in the film Pencuri Hati Mr Cinderalla, tells a story of a 45-year-old man who falls in love with a girl 20 years younger than him. She gets raped by his best friend's son and they all converge in the best friend's house to confront the son.
The sons apologise to him and to his father without ever acknowledging the girl he raped, who is sitting right next to him, and says that he will do the honourable thing and marry her. He said that he made this decision because his father had raised him to be a responsible person.
SEE ALSO: M'sian MP derided for backing child marriage, saying rapists can wed victims
Several months ago in April, Shabudin Yahaya, a Malaysian member of Parliament from the northern state of Penang, made a statement in Parliament that there is nothing wrong for a rapist to marry his victim because girls as young as nine years old were ready for marriage.
He even said that some young girls can appear physically older than their age. He elaborated that “some children aged 12 or 15, their bodies are like 18-year-old women”. I am going to say it again: utterly ridiculous.
Where is this thinking coming from? This is a very worrying culture that is developing in Malaysia and I hope that our society starts to realise it. But it sure doesn't look that way. With all that is going on, I am at a lost for words if people were to ask for a solution to the problem.
** This is the personal opinion of the writer and does not reflect the views of Asian Correspondent
In the first year of its 10-year plan to strengthen biosecurity, the State of Hawai‘i reports it took dozens of steps to better present, detect and control invasive species in Hawai‘i.
The Hawaii Invasive Species Council (HISC), co-chaired by the Hawaii Department of Agriculture (HDOA) and Department of Land and Natural Resources (DLNR), has released the first of ten annual progress reports detailing implementation of the Hawaii Interagency Biosecurity Plan (2017-2027). It was released in January 2017 and describes 147 action items that various agencies, the Legislature, and other collaborators can take to control invasive species. At an informational briefing on January 24th organized by Senator Mike Gabbard, representatives from HDOA, DLNR, the Department of Health (DOH), and the University of Hawaii (UH) reported that they have begun work on approximately 40% of the tasks in the bio-security plan.
“This is a shared effort,” said HDOA Chairperson Scott Enright at the informational briefing. He added, “This work is a collaboration across the legislative and executive branches and across the agencies and stakeholders connected to the issue of biosecurity. It's an all-hands-on-deck issue.”
For HDOA, first-year achievements include the restoration of detector dog teams that are used for agricultural inspections and work on new technologies for digitally tracking incoming cargo that may be considered high-risk for bringing in invasive species. The Department also received the ability to engage in public-private partnerships for inspection facilities, thanks to authorizations in the 2017 Clift Tsuji Act. In the coming year, HDOA will seek funds to develop a biological control research facility as well as additional agricultural loan funds to support local farmers.
At DLNR improvements are being made to the management of ballast water that enters the state within the hulls of ships, often carrying invasive aquatic organisms. DLNR also noted the importance of legislative appropriations in the first year of the Plan, enabling work on complex issues like rapid ʻōhiʻa death and rose-ringed parakeets. In coming years, DLNR will be seeking funds and personnel described in the Biosecurity Plan to increase invasive plant and animal control in native forests.
“The Biosecurity Plan highlights how interconnected our work is,” said DLNR Chair Suzanne Case. “The HDOA inspection work at airports directly impacts our ability to protect our mauka forests. Collaborating with DOH on marine vessel cleaning helps reduce new species introductions while ensuring we meet clean water standards. When we work together on these issues, we all win.”
ADVERTISEMENT
DOH reported at the informational briefing that almost all new positions have been filled following the restoration of Vector Control Branch by the legislature in 2017. The branch is rebuilding a mosquito surveillance network and engaging in outreach on rat lungworm disease. UH provided updates on work by island Invasive Species Committees and the Hawai‘i Ant Lab, projects of the Pacific Cooperative Studies Unit that specialize in detection and rapid response, as well as outreach and training for residents.
At the one-year mark of Biosecurity Plan implementation, the HISC agencies are also collectively announcing the release of a new invasive species reporting site at 643pest.org and a “643-PEST” mobile app available for Android and iOS platforms. The new services are designed to complement the existing 643-PEST invasive species telephone hotline, which will continue to function alongside its new online counterparts. The new initiative allows people to upload photos and map coordinates when reporting invasive species sightings, allowing for faster response by the appropriate agencies. “We need the public to be our eyes and ears to detect new pests and keep them from becoming established. This new system makes that really convenient.” said Enright. “The new website and app let us receive reports about any type of invasive species and then get it to the appropriate experts,” said Case. “Whether it's a new threat to agriculture, natural resources, or human health, we want to know about it and make sure the right agencies are working together on a response.”
The system was developed by the Hawai‘i Biodiversity Information Network (HBIN), a project of the University of Hawai‘i's Pacific Cooperative Studies Unit, with app development by Natural Resources Data Solutions, LLC. In addition to uploading photos and map coordinates, the new system allows users to submit any notes they feel necessary and provides an option for anonymous reporting.
Aluminium Powder Market Report by Product Type (Spherical Aluminum Powder, Spherical Aluminum Powder) By Application / End User(Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry, Paint and Pigment Industry, Refractory Materials Industry) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Aluminium Powder Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Aluminium Powder Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Aluminium Powder (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Aluminium Powder Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/aluminium-powder-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Aluminium Powder Market : Product Type
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
• Spherical Aluminum Powder
Aluminium Powder Market : End Users/Application Analysis
• Photovoltaic Electronic Paste Industry
• Paint and Pigment Industry
• Refractory Materials Industry
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/aluminium-powder-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
Aiken Parks and Recreation is preparing for their annual Trunk or Treat event.
It's scheduled for Saturday, October 28th, 2017. It'll be at Citizens Park Fields 1-5 from 4pm-7pm.
There will be music, a costume parade, carnival games, and food. Children 12 & under, accompanied by an adult, will be able to participate in trick or treating from decorated trunks. Immediately following that fun Hotel Transylvania 2 will be shown on the big screen on Field 2. Gates open for that 6:30 and it'll start at 7pm. Guest are encouraged to bring a blanket and lawn chairs.
Kids 12 and under are just $1 to get in. No pets allowed.
Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Aluminum Cold Plate Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report David, Lytron, Asia Vital Components, Wakefield-Vette, Wolverine Tube, Xenbo Electric, Columbia-Staver, TAT Technologies, Ellediesse, DAU, TE Technology, Wenxuan Hardware, Kawaso Texel, Hitachi, Suzhou Wint Electric, Tucker Engineering, Shanghai Kissthermal, MaxQ Technology, Mikros, Koolance, HS Marston.
The report begins with introducing the global Aluminum Cold Plate market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Aluminum Cold Plate report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aluminum-cold-plate-market/5913/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Aluminum Cold Plate Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Formed Tube Cold Plate, Deep Drilled Cold Plate, Machined Channel Cold Plate, Pocketed Folded-fin Cold Plate, Others.
Aluminum Cold Plate Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: High Power Electronic Equipment, Laser Device, Power Conversion Equipment, Medical Equipment, Defence and Aerospace, LED, Others.
Key points in the Aluminum Cold Plate Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-aluminum-cold-plate-market/5913/#inquiry
From all of this Aluminum Cold Plate market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Aluminum Cold Plate market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Aluminum Cold Plate distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bookies make George Groves the slight favourite for the World Boxing Super Series clash with Callum Smith.
Smith set up a super-middleweight final against Groves with a unanimous point win over Nieky Holzken in Nuremberg.
That came after Groves edged up Chris Eubank Jr.
The bookies give Groves the slight edge, at 4/5 with Bet365, while Smith is considered 11/10 at William Hill.
However, there is some question about whether the June 2 showpiece at the O2 Arena in London will go ahead at all.
Groves, the WBA Super world champion at super-middleweight, looks set to ask the Comosa AG officials for an extension of the World Boxing Super Series final after revealing that he won't be fit for the original date.
Groves dislocated his shoulder on February 17, in the final of 12 rounds in his semi-final against Chris Eubank Jr. at Manchester Arena, leading to fears that the tournament organisers may be forced in to draft in a replacement.
Read More Forthcoming boxing matches Groves-Smith
Haye-Bellew
Joshua-Parker
Golovkin-Canelo
Groves beat the second generation Eubank on points by margins of 117-112, 116-112 and 115-113 and will put his world title on the line against Smith in a fight between the number one- and three-rated fighters with the Ring Magazine.
The 10-year budget the Mayor Phil Goff will probably get passed by the Auckland Council today invites easy criticism. It fulfils his 2016 election promise to keep annual rate rises to no more than 2.5 per cent. But on top of that there will be a new dedicated rate for upgrading the city's drains, another for environmental problems such as kauri dieback and the regional petrol tax for scheduled transport projects.
It is the total bill that matters to ratepayers and the mayor will not expect much praise for keeping the letter of his promise rather than the spirit.
The stated purposes of the additional levies are not outside the normal range of council responsibilities that citizens expect their general rate to cover. It is reasonable to expect the council to meet these responsibilities by finding ways to operate more efficiently within its general revenue. If after ratepayers have seen such an exercise, the city is still unable to do everything they require, a rates increase becomes more palatable.
Nevertheless, there is much to be said for dedicated, or "targeted", rates. They can be tied to specific projects, giving ratepayers greater confidence that they will gain something of value from their additional outlay, and they can expire once they have covered the project's cost. But the additional rates Goff is putting before the council today are not well targeted to specific projects.
Advertisement
The fuel tax, for example, would be more palatable if it were to be tied to the cost of the central rail link now under construction. But the tax turns out to be dedicated to almost everything but that project, for which the council may still need to find a source of finance for its contribution.
The levy Aucklanders will soon be paying at petrol pumps has no fewer than 14 "targets", few of them being a specific construction. It is to be allocated for such things as "bus priority improvements", "improving airport access", "park and rides", "road safety", "active transport".
Under each heading some projects are specified but it is not these that will limit the life or the purpose of the tax. Most of its stated purposes are sufficiently broad to cover any number of future projects the council might decide to do. The levy on petrol looks purposely designed to become a permanent source of council finance, unlike the "interim transport levy" it replaces.
The additional rate proposed for "water quality" appears to be more precisely targeted to the problem of beach water contamination after heavy rain. It will provide $452 million to enable to reduce wastewater overflows within 10 years rather than the 30 years scheduled by Watercare Services under loans raised against water charges. Most Aucklanders might gladly pay an extra $66 a year for our beaches to be free of the health warnings that blighted them last summer but ominously the project does not promise to fix the problem, only "reduce" it.
Money alone does not fix anything, or course. It has to be used effectively. One of the best ways to see that it is used effectively it to earmark it for clearly defined work that can be seen to happen and its results measured. That is the test the mayor's budget should have to pass.
A plane championed as the stalwart of the next era of long-haul air travel has successfully completed its first flight.
The Ultra Long Range A350 XWB took off from the Airbus' headquarters in Toulouse before performing a short flight above the south of France and returning to the French city.
The aircraft has a range of 9,700 miles and will later in the year serve a record-breaking route between Singapore and New York, courtesy of Singapore Airlines. The flight, at 9,521 miles, will shoot to the top of the table as the world's longest commercial flight, according to the Daily Telegraph.
Marisa Lucas-Ugena, head of A350 marketing at the French aircraft manufacturers, told Telegraph Travel that the A350 ULR is the "most advanced airplane for now and for many years to come".
Advertisement
The aircraft is a modified version of earlier A350 variants with a new fuel system that enables it to carry 24,000 litres without the need for additional fuel tanks, which would add weight and impact efficiency.
"The Ultra Long Range A350 XWB is capable of flying over 20 hours non-stop, combining the highest levels of passenger and crew comfort with uneatable economics for such distances," Airbus said.
Though the aircraft will be first flown by Singapore Airlines, which has ordered seven of the planes, Australian carrier Qantas will keep a keen eye on its progress, having launched Project Sunrise to encourage Airbus and Boeing to design aircraft capable of flying direct between London and Sydney, among other routes.
Airbus has said the A350 ULR would be able to perform such flights but that the manufacturer remains in conversation with Qantas "to meet its requirements for range, comfort and efficiency for its Sunrise challenge".
Airbus says of its new aircraft: "The A350 XWB is an all new family of widebody long-haul airliners shaping the future of air travel. The A350 XWB features the latest aerodynamic design, carbon fibre fuselage and wings, plus new fuel-efficient Rolls-Royce engines.
"Together, these latest technologies translate into unrivalled levels of operational efficiency, with a 25 per cent reduction in fuel burn and emissions, and significantly lower maintenance costs. The A350 XWB features an Airspace by Airbus cabin offering absolute well-being on board with the quietest twin-aisle cabin and new air systems."
What is Boeing's answer to Airbus?
The Seattle-based manufacturer will pit its 777-8x against the A350ULR.
Boeing described the 777-8x as "the largest and most efficient twin-engine jet in the world, unmatched in every aspect of performance".
Still under development but expected to begin test flights next year, the 777-8x is listed as having a range of 8,700 nautical miles, which as it stands would rank shorter in range than its Airbus rival.
Boeing's vice president of marketing Randy Tinseth said in February: "We can't build one aeroplane for one airline and compromise the aircraft for the major markets.
"We'll figure out something, I'm confident."
What is Project Sunrise?
So-named as a nod to the famed Double Sunrise flights flown by the Australian carrier across the Indian Ocean during World War II, when passengers would witness two dawns from the cabin, Alan Joyce, Qantas CEO, has described his airline's ambitions as "the antidote to the tyranny of distance".
TRAVERSE CITY, Mich. (AP) — Attorneys general from three states say a $275 million federal plan for keeping Asian carp from migrating into the Great Lakes is too pricey and rejects the most effective solution.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is recommending technologies such as electric barriers and water cannons at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam near Joliet, Illinois, which stands between the carp-infested Illinois River and Lake Michigan.
Attorneys general Bill Schuette of Michigan, Lori Swanson of Minnesota and Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania say a better way is replacing the lock gates with a concrete wall that would divide the Great Lakes and Mississippi River watersheds. That would cost only about $5.9 million.
They say the Corps plan favors the needs of shipping companies over those of the Great Lakes fishing industry.
Among the many madnesses of Brexit are the licence it gives for loose talk about a united Ireland. As, for example, in a recent letter to The Irish Times from Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams: “the Good Friday Agreement… allows for Irish reunification in the context of a democratic vote: 50 per cent +1. I believe we can secure a greater margin, but ultimately that will be for the electorate. That's what democracy is about.” There's a remarkable blitheness to this, but the Brexiteers have given some apparent substance to such insouciance. The simplest way to avoid a hard Border, after all, is to have no Border at all. And the European Union has quite explicitly – and quite remarkably – stated that Northern Ireland can automatically rejoin the EU at any time after Brexit takes effect if it agrees to a united Ireland.
But we need to slow down here. Yes, Brexit and the upsurge of English nationalism that drives it have created a deep existential crisis for the United Kingdom that will unfold over the next 20 years. And over that timeframe Irish unity is now much more likely than it was before. Northern Ireland voted against Brexit and will be very deeply and adversely affected by it. The crisis of authority that is already so evident in London is likely to become even more acute: any conceivable deal with the EU will reignite the uncivil wars in English politics. Scotland's resentment will deepen if an economic crisis results from a revolutionary change it emphatically rejected. Anarchy in the UK indeed. Any sensible unionist would be looking across the Irish Sea and asking – what the hell is it are supposed to be united to?
I will be 60 next year, and before the Brexit vote I would not have put any money on my chances of seeing a united Ireland in my lifetime. But after that vote, I'd be glad to take a flutter. In some form, it now seems more likely than not, thanks in part to the Democratic Unionist Party. But it is an odd kind of likelihood, one that is simultaneously of great significance and scarcely worth talking about yet.
Belfast Agreement
In Adams's formula, it is all so simple. The Belfast Agreement allows for a Border poll; the poll is called and the nationalists beat the unionists by one vote. Voila!
The first problem with this is that Adams is actually wrong about the formula. It is not 50 per cent + 1 = a united Ireland. It is in fact 2x (50 per cent + 1) = a united Ireland. He likes to forget that there are two parties to this potential marriage. The citizens of the 26 counties have as much of a say in the matter as those of the six counties. The Irish Constitution, as amended specifically in the context of the Belfast Agreement in 1998, is explicit on the subject: “a united Ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people, democratically expressed, in both jurisdictions in the island”.
The second problem arises directly from this need for a referendum south of the Border. It has always been a mistake to assume that the consent of the Republic's population to the creation of a new state can be taken for granted. Enthusiasm for Irish unity tends to increase the further into the future its achievement is postulated. (Make us whole, O Lord, but not yet.) That enthusiasm, moreover, is not unconditional. To put it bluntly (as no one ever does) southerners have no interest in inheriting a political wreck, or becoming direct participants in a gory sequel, Troubles III: the Orange Strikes Back. They will not vote for a form of unity that merely creates an angry and alienated Protestant minority within a bitterly contested new state.
Tribal majoritarianism
And this in turn brings us to the third problem. In the context of Ireland's future, 50 per cent + 1 is not, as Adams claims, “what democracy is about”. That kind of crude, tribal majoritarianism is precisely what the Belfast Agreement is meant to finish off. Again, the new article 3 of the Constitution is a good guide: “It is the firm will of the Irish nation, in harmony and friendship, to unite all the people who share the territory of the island of Ireland, in all the diversity of their identities and traditions. . .” Harmony, friendship, diversity, multiplicity, a unity not of territory but of people – not: “We beat you by one vote so suck it up and welcome to our nation.” Irish democracy has to be “about” the creation of a common polity in which minorities of different kinds can feel fully at home. We're not remotely there yet – on either side of the Border.
Pushing for a Border poll in which a majority of one vote would solve all our historic problems is as pointless as it is delusional. The ultimate cause of Irish unity is being very well served as things stand – by its sworn enemies. Its friends can serve it best by working to create a Republic of equals that might be worth joining.
CHICAGO (AP) — In a study of women with menopause-related sexual discomfort, gels worked as well as prescription hormone tablets at reducing symptoms.
The researchers say the results suggest low-cost, over-the-counter moisturizers might be the best option.
Most women in the study reported some relief from their most bothersome symptoms — painful intercourse, vaginal dryness or itching — regardless of treatment. Still, not quite half the women experienced what researchers considered a meaningful decline in symptom severity.
The problems are linked with declining levels of the hormone estrogen, which happens to all women when they reach menopause.
Advertisement
What baffles researchers is why only about half of women experience bothersome symptoms. Without that answer, pinpointing the cause and finding the perfect solution is difficult, said Dr. Caroline Mitchell, the study's lead author and a researcher at Massachusetts General Hospital.
"Until we know why, our treatments are really just pretty broad attempts," Mitchell said. "We're not targeting the true biological root cause."
Researchers enrolled 300 women at a Kaiser Permanente research institute in Seattle and at the University of Minnesota. Women were randomly assigned to one of three treatments: prescription vaginal estrogen tablets and a gel with inactive ingredients; placebo tablets and Replens over-the counter moisturizer; or placebo tablets and the inert gel. Treatment lasted 12 weeks.
The results were published Monday in JAMA Internal Medicine. The National Institutes of Health paid for the study and the researchers have no financial ties to the products studied.
A journal editorial says there have been few similar studies and most were too small to reach conclusive results.
The latest results show that prescription treatment that can cost $200 is no better than over-the-counter moisturizers costing less than $20. The researchers noted that some women may prefer tablets to creams, which can be messy, but the extra money won't buy extra relief.
Women with troublesome symptoms "should choose the cheapest moisturizer or lubricant available over the counter — at least until new evidence arises to suggest that there is any benefit to doing otherwise," the editorial said.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Her work can be found here .
If you are currently asking yourself this important question, this means that you have somehow stumbled upon some fake so-called investigations that told you to stay away from this website. The problem with these sevendollarclick fake news is that the information you come across is simply inaccurate and it keeps you away from earning more money than you can imagine. After getting your sevendollarclick login details, you will have the opportunity to make money from home.
If you are still wondering about these sevendollarclick fake reviews or investigations that you come across, there are a few essential facts that you need to keep in mind. It all starts with the way that some people see the world. Due to the fact that they do not want others to have the same money earning opportunities as they do, they will not stop from anything to convince them that there is nothing worth their while on a platform such as this one. That is why you should take the time to visit it and see for yourself that this is a legit way of earning money.
One of the reasons why they tell you to stay away from the site is the fact that there is no way you can earn $7 per each ad you see. After all, ptc competitors will not offer you more than a few cents per day. Well, you should know that this platform is very much different from any other ptc website that you might stumble upon. They value their members and manage their ads, clients and earnings differently. If you want to make money from home without too much effort, you just have to get your sevendollarclick login information and start clicking on the available ads.
You probably feel that this sounds a bit too simple. What you need to know about this site at this point is that it has some pretty strict rules that you need to pay attention to when working because breaking any of them will get you banned. This is serious and it can make you lose all of your hard earned money. At the same time, you should know that after being able to click on the cash out button, you will still need to wait for a few weeks before getting your money.
The reason behind this is simple – they prefer checking the accounts and activity of their members thoroughly so that they know for sure they have not done wrong such as trying to cheat their way into reaching the $7000 withdrawal limit. If you want to make money and be your own boss, this platform is exactly what you are looking for. Make sure that you do not postpone signing up any longer.
If you do not want to make any choices regarding the sevendollarclick login (https://sevendollarclick.com) before actually knowing whether this site is legit or not, you should check out a few genuine reviews. Avoid sevendollarclick fake (https://sevendollarclick.com) news and just visit our site for accurate information regarding this amazing opportunity!
A new UV radiation-free drug created by Massachusetts General Hospital could give you a tan without the risk of skin cancer and protect you from future damage.
What if you could get a sun-kissed glow without the harm of UV radiation and the risk of skin cancer?
Scientists at Massachusetts General Hospital have come up with a drug that's rubbed onto the skin to cause a chemical reaction that produces more melanin, or the pigment that gives us darker features, BBC reported. More melanin is also associated with more protection against UV rays.
Don't get this product confused with a fake tan, though. That just coats the skin in an externally darker pigment.
via GIPHY
Researchers hope to get the drug into sunscreen bottles for double protection against skin cancer, which is the most common type of cancer. It's unknown what the product could do to the hair color of those with fairer features, so scientists are planning to do more safety testing and research.
If a drug like this ever reaches your local drugstore's shelves, it could mean healthier skin for longer and lowered rates of cancer. Meanwhile, don't forget to still use sunscreen — and always reapply!
Banner/thumbnail image credit: Flickr user Skeyndor Cosmética Científica
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has decried “how (corruption suspects) now whip up religious sentiments whenever they are called upon to account for any alleged misdeeds''.
Acting Chairman of the commission, Mr Ibrahim Magu, raised the concern at the 7th Triennial National Delegates Conference of the National Council of Muslim Youth Organisations in Ibadan.
According to a statement by Spokesman of the anti-graft agency, Mr Wilson Uwujaren, in Abuja on Monday, Magu was represented by Mr Mohammed Rabo, Head of the Ibadan zonal office of the EFCC.
“It is sad to note that the corrupt, using sponsored people, claim that they are being prosecuted because of their religion or their ethnic identity.
“They do their utmost not to answer the all-important question of whether or not they were guilty of the corruption allegations against them.
“Who, among the corrupt and those engaged in financial and economic crimes, does so in the name of his or her religion or ethnic group?'' Magu was quoted as saying.
He stated that religious or ethnic identity was never a consideration whenever the EFCC arrested or prosecuted individuals for economic and financial crimes.
“What we see before us are men and women who have done something wrong and who should answer before the law courts.
“Each and every person we have interrogated and prosecuted cornered resources meant for their people to private use.
“But they turn around and appeal to those same people they have impoverished – whipping up ethno-religious sentiments,'' Magu stated.
The EFCC boss urged faith-based organisations to be actively involved in the fight against corruption by teaching their faithful moral uprightness and integrity.
According to him, every religion teaches the fear of God and abhors every behavioural digression that promotes moral decadence, impurity and all forms of vices including corruption”.
“Whoever amongst you sees something wrong he should change it physically – using his hand, if he is not able to do so with his hand, he should change it orally – speaking out in condemnation against it.
“If that is still not possible, he should detest it in his mind; this constitutes the weakest level of faith”, he advised, quoting a well-known Hadith (teachings of Prophet Muhammad).
The anti-graft czar said there was no reason why everyone, particularly Muslims, should not be in the vanguard against corruption and other vices in the society, given the above Hadith and corresponding teachings in other religions.
“The strength or weakness of our faith can be measured by our ability or otherwise to stand up to and challenge those committing evil acts, including those acts that negatively impact our social, economic and moral well-being,'' he added.
Magu urged the youth to form a vanguard against corruption and make themselves ambassadors of integrity by questioning any momentary wealth and ostentatious living.(NAN)
The Rams proved this past season that a lot can change in just one year. Not only did Jared Goff and Todd Gurley look like completely different players than they did in 2016, but the offense as a whole went from worst to first.
A big reason for that was the play of the offensive line, which underwent a great deal of changes. Andrew Whitworth and John Sullivan were two welcomed additions, while the play of Rodger Saffold and Rob Havenstein improved dramatically.
The offensive line was so good in 2017 that it was discussed among the best in the NFL. In fact, it's a finalist for Offensive Line of the Year, which will be announced on Saturday night at the NFL Honors show.
The other four nominees are the Saints, Eagles, Steelers and Titans. Here's what NFL.com analyst Shaun O'Hara said about the Rams' unit.
This offensive line, which gave up just 19 sacks on the season (per Pro Football Focus), was much more physical, and running back Todd Gurley was more explosive as a result. The unit eliminated the negative runs from a year ago and finished with 17 rushing TDs in 2017. Equal credit should be dished to the O-line and Gurley, who led the team in rushing yards (1,305) and receptions (64) and became a legitimate candidate for MVP behind a much improved and consistent O-line.
Whitworth was arguably the best offseason addition in the NFL, earning an All-Pro selection and spot in the Pro Bowl. Sullivan wasn't as dominant in his first season with the Rams, but his presence inside certainly helped the unit as a whole.
The fact that they could possibly go from worst to best in terms of offensive line play in one year is remarkable by itself.
It can be difficult, as a jaded adult, to appreciate a great fairy tale—one where the hero always wins and naivety is a character strength rather than something to grow out of. So it is with Ni no Kuni II. But if you can look past this game's more childish tendencies, you'll find a fairy tale worth experiencing.
Like its wonderful predecessor, Ni no Kuni II is a big role-playing game set in a colorful world reminiscent of a Studio Ghibli film. (Ghibli worked on the first game, but not this one, although some former Ghibli staff including animator Yoshiyuki Momose were heavily involved.) There are a few other carryovers and references to the first game, but otherwise, Ni no Kuni II feels brand new. Level-5 has stripped away all of the more tedious elements and added a bunch of smart features. One small example: In Ni no Kuni, to cast the Quicken Growth spell on a plant, you'd have to navigate three or four nested menus. In Ni no Kuni II, you just have to go up to the plant and press X.
Most importantly, the developers have transformed the combat system. No longer will you have to try to sort through menus or manage a party full of AIs who love blowing all of their magic at the worst possible moment. Battles in Ni no Kuni's sequel are set in real-time, like a Tales game, and they stay snappy and fun throughout the whole game.
Ni no Kuni II is far too easy (it desperately needs difficulty settings), the quests involve lots of mundane fetching, and the story is so sweet it borders on saccharine. Yet the game is also full of humor, delightful moments, and addictive systems. It looks beautiful, sounds fantastic (thanks to returning composer Joe Hisaishi), and performs great (never dropped below 140FPS at 1440p on my GTX 1080).
Ni no Kuni II's childlike wonder managed to charm at least this tired adult.
Video GamesMultiplatform Ni no Kuni II Video GamesMultiplatform Ni no Kuni II Ni no Kuni II Back of the Box Quote "Fixes everything you didn't like about the first game" Type of game Fairy tale JRPG Liked Charming, funny, and full of great moments Disliked Too easy; story whiffs at the end Developer Level-5 Platforms PC (reviewed), PS4 Release date March 23, 2018 Played Completed the game, along with many side quests and mazes, in 29 hours, 44 minutes, 26 seconds
Advertisement
Every good fairy tale needs a proper hero, and in Ni no Kuni II, that's Evan Pettiwhisker Tildrum, a blonde boy-king who is ousted from his throne in a violent coup. After the painful loss of a dear friend, Evan decides to start a brand-new kingdom, called Evermore. His goal with Evermore is not simply to rule over a group of likeminded civilians. No, once Evan gets his new kingdom off the ground, he decides to travel around the world, forging alliances with Ni no Kuni II's other nations and asking them to essentially swear fealty to Evermore, signing a pact of world peace.
That's right: Evan, like Kefka and Luca Blight before him, wants to rule the world. If he wasn't so damn sweet about it, he might make for a good JRPG villain. This particular child-king is too nice, though. He's a goody-two-shoes with bad hair. Far more interesting is Roland, a president from a real-world country who winds up trapped in Ni no Kuni's fantasy world and serves as advisor to the wannabe king. Roland's motivations are a little inconsistent, but he brings a suave confidence and adult sensibility to the team. When Evan's innocence gets cloying, at least Roland is there to keep things more grounded.
It's a simple, childish story with a very bad ending, though there are enough fun jokes and goofy premises to keep things entertaining. What really stands out is the setting. Ni no Kuni II takes place within a bright, beautiful world full of colorful monsters and lively towns. There's a city whose rules and regulations are determined entirely by the roll of dice, a corporation so massive that it got its own country, and an ocean-side village whose inhabitants don't wear pants. The world is also full of optional caves, forests, and dungeons, and Ni no Kuni II rewards you well for exploring them.
Advertisement
It's all peppered with goofy humor and charming little moments, enhanced by a great script from Richard Honeywood and the rest of his team at Level-5. They especially had fun with the items. You won't just heal yourself with medicine; you'll use Soreaway. You won't just pick up fruits and vegetables; you'll get Swirly Apples and Crybaby Onions.
There are hundreds of these entertainingly titled items, and they help fuel the intricate machinery of Ni no Kuni II. Snag enough milk and you can use it to upgrade one of your Higgledies, the Pikmin-like spirits who assist your party during battle. Grab the right lumber and you can make your swords more powerful at your kingdom's weapon shop. Maintain a big enough mushroom collection and you won't have trouble solving the mushroom-centric quizzes of your friendly local teacher. The sheer number of objects can be overwhelming, but nothing feels like a waste. Every time you're out in the field, you'll stuff your pockets with items, and chances are high you'll be able to use them all for something.
Advertisement
Ni no Kuni II's other fascinating component is the kingdom-building system, which allows you to improve and maintain your own sprawling city, sort of like a Suikoden game. As Evan and crew travel through the world, they'll run into dozens of different people who are unsatisfied with their current lives and want to join Evermore. Usually you'll have to do a side quest in order to get them to come along. A guard may want you to defeat some invading bandits, or an aspiring bodybuilder may want you to fetch him some lean protein. Once you've solved someone's problem, they'll mosey over to Evermore, where you can chat them up for free goodies and put them to work however you'd like.
Each of these new recruits has a specialty. Some might work best at the spell-researching facility, while others are good at gathering materials in the farm or mining camp. It's not hard to decide where to place each of these civilians, but it is hard to decide how you want to focus your kingdom. To govern Evermore, you'll need to rely on a unique currency called kingsguilder, which you can use to construct new buildings, conduct research, and upgrade your kingdom. Kingsguilder is very limited, and it's unlikely you'll be able to max out every possible area of your kingdom, so you'll have to specialize. Do you want to focus on getting the best armor? Learning the best spells? Maxing out your abilities as you explore the game's tricky dimensional mazes, self-contained optional dungeons with their own rules and challenges?
Advertisement
What's most fun about those dimensional mazes, like every other dungeon in Ni no Kuni II, is that they give you the opportunity to run around and whack things. The combat system, a highlight of the game, is punchy and satisfying. It's basically the opposite of the first Ni no Kuni. Different buttons correspond to strong, weak, ranged, and special attacks, and using them all to tear into enemies never stops feeling good. You'll fight bad guys right on the battlefield (except when you're on the world map), which does away with the friction you'll find in trash battles during most RPGs. Fighting monsters doesn't feel like an obstacle; it feels like a fun, natural part of exploration. The bulk of these encounters are way too easy—again, Ni no Kuni II desperately needs a difficulty slider—but they're entertaining nonetheless.
The skirmish system, on the other hand, is nothing but friction. Certain encounters in the game will take place via skirmish—meaning, your kingdom's army will have to battle other people's armies—and Evan will have to march through a battlefield, leading groups of soldiers who stand near him. You have to smush these groups of soldiers into enemies, vaguely paying attention to the types of attacks each group uses, and it all feels messy and imprecise. There aren't too many of these battles, fortunately. When you do have to deal with them, they feel half-baked.
Advertisement
Early in Ni no Kuni II, as Evan and his crew try to figure out what the kingdom of Evermore will offer to the world, one of the king's advisors muses about Evan's goal. “Unite the world, and there'd be no one left to fight,” he says. “That would certainly put an end to war.”
Ni no Kuni II is a very good role-playing game, one full of satisfying mechanics and fun battles. It's also got quotes like that. Even for a fairy tale, this game is naive to the point of parody. Every challenge in the game can be overcome with sheer willpower. Every villain can be convinced to see the light. Everybody wants to serve Evan the boy-king, and all of his decisions are good and pure. But the game is just so charming, so fun, and so delightful to play, that it's easy to get over that. It's easy to get sucked in.
The body of an unidentified sea creature, which recently washed up on a US beach, bears a creepy resemblance to the famous Loch Ness monster.
The mystery creature was reportedly spotted by a father and son who were out on a boat trip near Wolf Island, Georgia.
Jeff Warren told News 4 Jax that he thought it was a dead seal when they first found it, but as they got closer it started to resemble a "Loch Ness-type thing".
The creature was reportedly about 1-2m in length and had a long neck and two fins.
Advertisement
The animal is yet to be properly identified but director of the US Fish and Wildlife Service, Dan Ash, said that some sea creatures, such as basking sharks, can decompose in a way that makes it look like it has a long neck and tiny head.
Alternatively, the "creature" could also be a simple hoax.
WHAT IS THIS? A man from Waycross, Georgia found his own version of the Loch Ness Monster on Friday while at Wolf Island.
What do you think this is? pic.twitter.com/gSPTJP54X4 — Meilin Tompkins (@MeilinTompkins) March 18, 2018
A senior commander of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) says the country's Armed Forces will certainly give a severe response to the Daesh Takfiri terrorists and their allies.
“The kind of response is up to us and we will determine its type ourselves, but we will definitely do it,” Commander of IRGC's Ground Force Brigadier General Mohammad Pakpour told IRNA on Monday.
He added that the IRGC Ground Forces have been engaged in battles with terrorists backed by the hegemonic powers and Al Saud in southeastern, western, northwestern and southwestern parts of Iran during the recent years, but the country is currently in peace and enjoys “acceptable security.”
He emphasized that the Daesh Takfiri terrorists attacked Iraq and Syria in recent years with the support of the hegemonic powers and Saudi Arabia, adding, “If they (terrorists) had not been stopped, there would have been no sign of Damascus, Karbala, Najaf and Shiism.”
The IRGC commander said Iran only had an advisory presence in Syria and Iraq at the request of their governments, stressing, “We did not enter these countries without permission like the Americans and others [did].”
Iran has been lending military advisory support to Damascus and Baghdad. Both Arab states have, time and again, lauded the contribution made by the Islamic Republic.
On Sunday, The commander of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) says Daesh terrorist forces make up the front-line soldiers of the Zionist regime and the global arrogance has created this Takfiri group to counter the Islamic Revolution.
Major General Mohammad Ali Jafari said, “Enemies regard the Islamic Iran as the focal point of the Muslim movement and have targeted its revolutionary forces, soldiers and the Armed Forces.”
Read more:
Last Friday, the commander of IRGC's Quds Force said Iranian forces would not rest until they had taken out every last terrorist from the face of the Muslim world.
The former “Most Interesting Man in the World” is now a spokesman for Astral Tequila!
Former Dos Equis spokesman, Jonathan Goldsmith, is back!
Except now he's selling a different kind of liquor – Astral Tequila!
There are few terms in the English language as irritating as ‘eco-village' – which is really just ‘housing estate' dressed up to sound more acceptable to Nimbys. Nevertheless, today's announcement of 14 such ‘garden villages' should be welcomed. Concentrating new homes in purpose-built new towns, villages and suburbs, where services and infrastructure are built as part of the development, upsets people who live nearby but ultimately it is the least painful way of accommodating the new homes which are so desperately needed.
And this time, please, can we please get the bulldozers rolling. For years, George Osborne used to talk about new towns. But while they got stuck in the pipeline, something quite different happened: the government loosened the planning system so that developers – at least those with good lobbying skills, if not actual corruption — can cherry-pick sites wherever they fancy. The result has been little developments of executive homes springing up along country lanes which can't cope with the traffic. In one case where I live, permission was recently granted for a housing estate of 80 park homes along a single-track road – in spite of the drainage authority warning that the drains can't cope. This is how schools and surgeries get overloaded and streets get flooded – when new homes are dumped in the countryside without any extra infrastructure or services to support them.
The only way we are going to civilise housing development is by building homes in conjunction with infrastructure. We need to be building new homes in places where new roads, schools, drains, surgeries, shops and all the rest form part of the development. We need, in short, new towns along the lines of those built post-war.
Trouble is, there never seems to be enough money to build the required infrastructure, which is why Osborne's new towns and villages kept failing. But there could quite easily be enough money if only the government returned to the practice of the post-war new towns: and compulsorily-purchased the land required for new homes, at agricultural value. An acre of agricultural land in the south of England costs around £10,000. Give it planning permission for new homes and it is suddenly worth £1 million or more. At the moment that uplift in value is pocketed by the lucky owner of the land who has managed to persuade – by fair means or foul – a bunch of planning officers and councillors to grant it permission.
Yet if that uplift in value was instead to be taken by development corporations who were obliged to spend it on infrastructure, we would have ample roads, schools, surgeries and all the rest. If they could buy land at agricultural value, grant it planning permission and then sell plots to private developers, the rate of house-building could be speeded up enormously.
There is just one hurdle to overcome: the ‘landbanking' lobby – companies which exist to speculate on development land. They, of course, rather enjoy the present system for the huge windfall profits it creates. The planning system depresses the value of land generally, but then pumps up the value of development plots. It effectively transfers wealth from landowners generally to the lucky few who know how to play the system.
That is no free market, and so no-one should object to what I have proposed as an interference in the free market. True, compulsory-purchase is a form of state confiscation and so offends some people. But without it we would have no coherent system of roads, railways and other infrastructure. There is no reason why these powers should not be used to ease the housing crisis, too.
A reported Fast and the Furious spin off starring The Rock has ruffled feathers among the cast.
Fast and the Furious actor Tyrese Gibson has said he turned down the chance to do his own spin-off from the films as he hit out at Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson for “breaking up the Fast family”.
Universal Pictures announced earlier this week the release of the ninth instalment of the franchise would be pushed by a year to April 2020.
Paul Walker, Vin Diesel and Tyrese Gibson arriving for the premiere of Fast and Furious 6 at the Empire Leicester Square, London (PA)
Gibson, 38, has played Roman Pearce in five of the Fast and the Furious films.
The actor vented on Instagram to his more than eight million followers as he took a swipe at The Rock, who has appeared in a number of the franchises as Diplomatic Security Service agent Luke Hobbs.
Gibson previously alleged the alteration in the release date of the ninth film was linked to rumours that Johnson would be doing a spin-off of the film based on his character.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, a spin-off is being penned and is likely to focus solely on Hobbs, although some reports have suggested it may also include Jason Statham's character Deckard Shaw.
Gibson posted a photograph of the original Fast cast, including the late Paul Walker, and wrote: “Diversity, love, multi ethnic worldwide multi generational, United Nations, One Race, Fast Family … Until Dewayne showed up I guess this whole time he had a problem because he wasn't the ONLY ONE on the movie poster. I guess dreams do come true congratulations to @hhgarcia41 and @therock you guys are just amazing you really broke up the #FastFamily I tried to warn you guys…
“You thought I was hating. I was simply fighting to keep the family together what makes us great is when you see us all TOGETHER we don't fly solo….. #MyLastPost today.
“I got 3 years of venting on this clown – They offered but YOU didn't have to agree with a solo #HobbsMovie #OriginalFastFamily we salute you and stand on your shoulders #VinDiesel #PaulWalker #RobCohen #RomanTej were offered a spin off we TURNED IT DOWN!!!”
Johnson has not yet commented or responded to any of Gibson's posts or the reports about the spin-off.
Brotherhood… A post shared by Vin Diesel (@vindiesel) on Oct 5, 2017 at 6:57pm PDT
Actor Vin Diesel, who has played one of the franchises main characters, Dominic Toretto, since the first film posted a photograph of himself, Gibson and Walker on Instagram, captioning it: “Brotherhood.”
Universal did not give a reason for the shift in dates of the next film.
The latest film in the series, The Fate Of the Furious, which also saw Dame Helen Mirren make a cameo, was a box-office success as it pulled in about 1.2 billion dollars, according to American business publication Forbes.
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wast Hills, Compton, Bodymoor Heath... Palm Training Ground?
West Bromwich Albion have announced plans to change the name of their training base in Walsall to the same name as their principal sponsor Palm, which also appears on the team's shirts.
The company, which provides services for landscaping design and construction, has close bonds with the Baggies' owner Guochuan Lai who co-founded the department involving eco-town development.
Albion chief executive Martin Goodman backed the proposal, saying: “The agreement has a commercial value to the club and continues to place our name at the heart of the exciting development plans Lai is leading in China.”
It is the latest development after Lai's group Yunyi Guokai announced plans to build up a number of football towns around the world, using Albion's Premier League status as a major attraction in their plans to promote the club abroad and recruit overseas talent.
Photo: Mert & Marcus
Win: A pair of tickets to see Taylor Swift
Contest Ends: Tuesday, December 12th
Listen to KEZK all day on Tuesday, December 12th and call in for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Taylor Swift's Reputation Tour coming to The Dome at the America Center on September 18th, 2017.
We're giving away a pair of tickets every hour from 8am – 5pm!
Tickets go on-sale December 13th, 2017.
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Tuesday, December 12th, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
Iran has inaugurated the production line of small-caliber ammunition, taking another step in line with boosting the country's military and defense might.
Addressing the inaugural ceremony in Tehran on Monday, Iranian Defense Minister Brigadier General Hossein Dehqan said the mass production of the small-caliber ammunition would meet all the needs of the Armed Forces for such military hardware.
He added that the launch would also double the capacity of small-caliber ammunition production in the country and pave the way for its export.
Dehqan said that ammunition manufactured in Iran met high international quality standards and expressed hope that Iranian experts would carry on improving the country's defense might with more seriousness.
Dehqan further hailed Iranian experts for helping the country attain self-sufficiency and boost its defense power through the production of such ammunition.
The latest military achievement by Iranians came after recent remarks by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei stressing the importance of strengthening Iran's defense capabilities in the face of enemy threats.
“If the Islamic establishment seeks technology and negotiations but does not have defensive power, it will have to back down in the face of any petty country that threatens [it],” the Leader said.
In recent years, Iran has made major breakthroughs in its defense sector and attained self-sufficiency in producing important military equipment and systems.
Iran has also conducted other major military drills to enhance the defense capabilities of its armed forces and to test modern military tactics and state-of-the-art army equipment.
The Islamic Republic maintains that its military might pose no threat to other countries, stating that its defense doctrine is merely based on deterrence.
Crash diets may stop the heart pumping properly, a new study by Oxford University has found.
Researchers at Oxford University said people suffering from heart problems should seek medical advice before adopting a low calorie diet, the Daily Telegraph reports.
The new study used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to investigate the impact of eating fewer than 800 calories a day on heart function and the distribution of fat in the abdomen, liver, and heart muscle.
Nutritionists recommend that men consume around 2,500 calories a day and women 2,000 calories to maintain a healthy weight. But many people now cut their daily intake by drinking diet-shakes to dramatically to lose weight or drastically cutting meals.
Advertisement
"Crash diets, also called meal replacement programmes, have become increasingly fashionable in the past few years," said lead author Dr Jennifer Rayner, clinical research fellow, Oxford Centre for Magnetic Resonance, at the Oxford University.
"These diets have a very low calorie content of 600 to 800 kcal per day and can be effective for losing weight, reducing blood pressure, and reversing diabetes. But the effects on the heart have not been studied until now."
Recent research found that two thirds of Britons are on a diet most of the time, but there are 800,000 people living with heart failure and nearly two million living with chronic angina.
The research was carried out on 21 obese volunteers, of an average age of 52 and BMI of 37.
Participants consumed a very low calorie diet of 600 to 800 kcal per day for eight weeks. MRI was performed at the start of the study and after one and eight weeks.
After one week, total body fat, visceral fat and liver fat had all significantly fallen by an average of 6 per cent, 11 per cent, and 42 per cent, respectively, accompanied by significant improvements in insulin resistance, fasting total cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose and blood pressure.
However, after one week, heart fat content had risen by 44 per cent and there was a noteable deterioration in heart function, including the heart's ability to pump blood.
Dr Rayner said: "The metabolic improvements with a very low calorie diet, such as a reduction in liver fat and reversal of diabetes, would be expected to improve heart function. Instead, heart function got worse in the first week before starting to improve.
"The sudden drop in calories causes fat to be released from different parts of the body into the blood and be taken up by the heart muscle," she added.
"The heart muscle prefers to choose between fat or sugar as fuel and being swamped by fat worsens its function. After the acute period in which the body is adjusting to dramatic calorie restriction, the fat content and function of the heart improved."
The researchers warned that in people with existing heart problems crash dieting might exacerbate their condition – for example aggravating heart failure symptoms like shortness of breath or increasing the risk of arrhythmias.
Dr Rayner said: "If you have heart problems, you need to check with your doctor before embarking on a very low calorie diet or fasting.
"People with a cardiac problem could well experience more symptoms at this early time point, so the diet should be supervised. Caution is needed in people with heart disease."
The research was presented at CMR 2018, the annual meeting of the European Society of Cardiology.
In this modern age, finding a philanthropic heart seems to be a challenging task. Proving this statement wrong, Mr. Vinay Kumar Rana, Founder & Director of Nimbus Tutorials Private Limited, Itanagar, Arunachal Pradesh has left no stone unturned to facilitate the students with all the advanced technologies at his best. Mr. Vinay founded this premier entrance preparation institute to provide affordable education to the children of Arunachal Pradesh with the aim of building their career for a brighter future. He understood that being struck with lacks of education resources, the citizens of his hometown, would never be able to compete with the real competition outside their small world.
Today, Nimbus Tutorials Pvt Ltd has been established as one of the successful engineering and medical entrance preparation institute in Itanagar. The perseverance and dedication of the faculty played perfectly with the hard work of the students in shaping their careers when year after year students started clearing India's major toughest entrance examinations like IIT-JEE, NEE, NEET, AIIMS, JIPMER, BITSAT, APJEE and many more. Their colors of success started spreading like a wildfire. Mr. Vinay says, “Education is a movement from darkness to light. It is a weapon which can bring revolution to this world.” He further adds, “The success of Nimbus Tutorials lies in the hard work of its students who want to change their future for the betterment of our nation.” While, the citizens of this beautiful state believes that the backbone of this institute lies in the soul of its founder Mr. Vinay Kumar Rana who is a man with a golden heart.
The special entrance courses of Nimbus comprises of intensive training in the domains of engineering and medical preparation. With the help of their special test series, intensive crash courses along with the integrated courses and builder courses, they know how to prepare a student perfectly for the examination he is aiming for. Their CBSE-cum-classroom programs are well-designed for the younger brains of classes IX, X, XI and XII which aims to nurture and expand the horizons of their minds. With classroom study, they believe in imparting the blend of practical exposure to build the foundation of the basics clearer. Their attempt to focus on each individual has not only helped in clearing the examinations but ignited a spark of confidence in them.
SOUTHWEST RANCHES, Fla. - A 21-year-old man said he intends to rebuild after a fire destroyed his exotic animal farm in Southwest Ranches.
Blake Kaldirimoglu started Blake's Exotic Animal Ranch in 2004 as a way to teach schoolchildren about conversation.
His life's work went up in flames Tuesday when a fire killed about 300 exotic turtles, tortoises and fish.
"Everything's gone, you guys," Kaldirimoglu said in a cellphone video he recorded as the barn that housed the pets burned. "Everything's gone. I don't have words."
Kaldirimoglu said he believes lightning was to blame.
A GoFundMe page was created to help Kaldirimoglu rebuild the barn and replenish the population.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Rejected by her drug addicted parents, a young woman looks for love in all the wrong places until she surrenders to God.
View the video now
from cbn.com
facebook comments:
PARIS: Defending champions Germany clinched a place at next year's World Cup in Russia with a 3-1 win in Northern Ireland on Thursday (Friday in Manila), while England beat Slovenia 1-0 to secure their berth.
Advertisements
Sebastian Rudy and Sandro Wagner struck brilliant first-half goals in Belfast before Joshua Kimmich added a late third as Joachim Loew's team made it nine wins out of nine in European qualifying Group C.
The four-time world champions also maintained their proud unbeaten away record in World Cup qualifiers — a run spanning an incredible 47 matches dating back to 1934.
“We're off to Russia, to tear it up! We want to successfully defend the World Cup title,” said Bayern Munich midfielder Rudy following his first international goal.
Northern Ireland, who grabbed a consolation through Josh Magennis, remain on track to claim a spot in next month's play-offs as they attempt to reach the World Cup for the first time since 1986.
Harry Kane continued his stunning goalscoring form with a 94th-minute winner as an unimpressive England overcame Slovenia at Wembley.
Gareth Southgate's side looked utterly bereft of ideas until skipper Kane converted Kyle Walker's inviting cross to score his 14th goal in nine games for club and country.
It is the sixth time in succession England have qualified for the World Cup, but after making such heavy work of defeating Slovenia, they are unlikely to give the game's super-powers many sleepless nights.
“It's not a relief, I always thought we'd achieve the objective (of qualifying),” said Southgate.
“Tonight highlighted where we are.
“We know exactly where we need to improve. We do have players who can score goals. It is a work in progress and when I was given the job the aim was to qualify for the World Cup.”
Record-breaking Lewandowski
Scotland kept alive their hopes of reaching the finals for the first time since 1998 after a last-gasp 1-0 victory at home to Slovakia.
Martin Skrtel's own goal, just a minute from the end of normal time in Glasgow, leaves Scotland second in Group F, two points ahead of Slovakia and three in front of Slovenia ahead of Sunday's trip to Ljubljana.
Robert Lewandowski scored a hat-trick to become his country's record goalscorer as Poland thrashed Armenia 6-1 in Yerevan.
Poland, who finished third at the 1974 and 1982 World Cups, need a point from their final match at home to Group E rivals Montenegro to assure themselves of a place in the finals.
After Kamil Grosicki's second-minute opener, Lewandowski curled in a brilliant free-kick to draw level with Wlodzimierz Lubanski, who represented Poland from 1963 to 1980, on 48 international goals.
The Bayern Munich star claimed the outright record when he blasted home an indirect free-kick and completed his treble in the second half as Jakub Blaszczykowski and Rafal Wolski also scored for the visitors.
Lewandowski also broke a European record set in August by Cristiano Ronaldo by increasing his tally in 2018 World Cup qualifiers to 15 goals, one more than the Portugal captain.
Ronaldo is level with former Yugoslavia forward Predrag Mijatovic, who scored 14 goals during qualifying for the 1998 World Cup, but could establish a new mark on Saturday when Portugal visit lowly Andorra.
Christian Eriksen's 16th-minute goal steered Denmark to a 1-0 win in Montenegro to maintain their hopes of overhauling a three-point deficit to Poland when they host Romania in their final qualifier.
AFP
A French national working for his country's consulate in Jerusalem has been detained on suspicion of smuggling weapons out of the Gaza Strip, Israel's internal security agency said today.
The consulate employee, identified as Romain Franck, is alleged to have smuggled weapons from Hamas-controlled Gaza to the occupied West Bank on five occasions in recent months, Shin Bet said.
He used a diplomatic vehicle belonging to the French consulate, the security agency said. Such vehicles are subject to less stringent security checks.
Franck, who French media said was 23 or 24 years old, is suspected of having transferred about 70 pistols and two assault rifles. The indictment said he was working for a "criminal" weapons smuggling ring.
Advertisement
"The investigation clearly shows that the employee of the French consulate acted for financial gain, on his own initiative and without the knowledge of his superiors," the Shin Bet statement said. "This is a very grave incident in which the immunity and privileges granted to foreign missions in Israel were cynically exploited to smuggle dozens of weapons that may be used for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians and security forces."
Shin Bet said Franck received the weapons from a Palestinian resident of the Gaza Strip employed at the French Cultural Centre there. He then transferred the weapons to the West Bank, where they were sold to arm dealers, the security agency said.
"We take this case very seriously and are in very close contact with the Israeli authorities on this case," said a spokesman for the French Embassy in Tel Aviv.
Franck reportedly has been held since February 15.
In connection with the smuggling ring, Israel said it also arrested a Palestinian resident of East Jerusalem who works as a security guard at the French Consulate in Jerusalem, as well as several Palestinians from Gaza living illegally - under Israeli law - in the West Bank. Six of them will be indicted by the Southern District Court, the Shin Bet statement said.
Some of the suspects were also involved in smuggling money from the Gaza Strip to the West Bank, Shin Bet alleged.
Gaza has been subject to strict restrictions on movement and trade since Hamas took control of the enclave in 2007. Since then, Israel and Hamas - designated a terrorist organisation by Israel, the United States and the European Union - have fought three wars.
- Above is the full Daniel Bryan vs. Randy Orton Hell In A Cell match at the WWE Hell In A Cell pay-per-view in 2013 for the vacant WWE Championship. Orton defeated Bryan to win the title after special guest referee, Shawn Michaels, superkicked Bryan for flooring Triple H with a running knee.
- Ric and Charlotte Flair will be holding their first book signing appearance together at Variety Playhouse on Thursday, October 12th in Atlanta, GA. The cost of admission is $30, which includes a copy of their book, Second Nature: The Legacy of Ric Flair and the Rise of Charlotte. You can get more details here.
See Also Ric Flair Revealed How Many Women He's Slept With
- As noted, Braun Strowman, Alexa Bliss, Finn Balor and Big Cass will be appearing at the 14th annual RINGSIDE FEST scheduled for Sunday, October 29th at Carolines on Broadway in Times Square, New York City. You can check out a promo for the event below:
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
× Kansas City neighbors can't shake sad news that crash they heard outside their house killed 2 men
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Residents were awakened by the crash of an out-of-control car early Monday morning, and rattled by the discovery that both people in the car had died.
The single car crash near Samuel L. Rogers Health Center at Brooklyn and East Ninth Street is the first traffic-related fatality in Kansas City in 2017.
“Boom! Just boom! You know something hit hard,” said Nancy Stump, a neighbor. “We've seen a lot of accidents down at that corner within the past, you know, but nothing like that.”
Police say two men were in the car that hit a fence, went across the health center's parking lot and knocked down a second fence before crashing into an office building at about 2:00 a.m., January 2nd.
Because of the New Year holiday people who would normally be inside the building at the time of the crash, were thankfully not.
“I heard a boom and I thought, ‘Ok. That's just the trash man out picking up trash,'” said Stump.
Police believe the two men were in the small, silver car heading west on Ninth Street at a high rate of speed when the driver lost control between Park and Brooklyn streets.
When they crashed head-on into the office building, the passenger died instantly. Paramedics rushed the driver to the hospital but he later died.
“It's sad that people do that. We don't know or what might have happened that led to it. Why were they going so fast?” wondered Gary Stump.
“I thought about it all morning long,” said Nancy Stump.
As of Monday evening, police had not released the men's names or if they were related.
“Prayers and thoughts definitely go out to their family,” said Nancy.
Police urge anyone who witnessed the deadly car crash to call police.
Actor Tom Hiddleston has described the “oddly physical” experience of being massaged by filmmaker Nick Park while recording his voice role in upcoming animation, Early Man.
The star plays villainous French tyrant, Lord Nooth, in Aardman Animations' latest family comedy, due to hit screens next year.
One scene sees Hiddleston's character unknowingly massaged in the bath by dexterous pig, Hognob, whose expressive grunts are voiced by director Park.
Speaking at an intimate Q&A session in London on Friday, Hiddleston told how Park actually kneaded his shoulders while in the studio to help get his voice effects right.
“Nick actually massaged me, to get that sound,” Hiddleston said.
“It was odd… more physical than I had expected.”
Park said: “There were about 10 (takes) that are unusable because of the laughing.”
He joked: “It was a strange feeling, massaging Tom Hiddleston's shoulders and thinking how many people would pay to do this.”
The pair were joined at the event by Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams, who plays Nordic pan-seller and football fan, Goona, in the prehistoric tale that reimagines the takeover of the Bronze Age.
Maisie Williams (Ian West/PA)
Eddie Redmayne voices leading caveman, Dug, and said in a recorded message that he had “loved” working with the Aardman team.
Praising his star-studded cast, Park said: “I feel so privileged to have such an incredible line-up of British talent involved.
“I always think (voice roles) must be difficult for actors – you don't have a costume or a set.”
After meeting the famed actors and beginning their recordings halfway through the five-year film process, he joked: “I was nervous. Working in a dark room for two years isn't very glamorous.”
Eddie Redmayne (Ian West/PA)
Williams described the experience of voicing Goona as “unlike anything I've ever done”.
After modelling her character's accent on a Norwegian YouTube star, she said: “I wanted to go in there, get the lines right and then leave, but that's not the way it goes.
“There are multiple ways to read lines, so you have to be able to take direction and give every possible reading of the line.
“The first session was very nerve-wracking… but it was lots of fun, I had the best time.”
Maisie Williams (Anthony Devlin/PA)
Early Man was created using a combination of CGI and the painstaking traditional stop-motion animation method made famous by the company's Wallace and Gromit films.
Park said: “Our old USP is stop-frame and I have always stayed true to that personally, but doing it this way seemed to lend itself to cavemen, and a certain charm comes out of the puppets.”
Hiddleston said he received a model of his character in the post along with his script and joked: “He was this frustrated, overweight middle-manager with small hands and I thought, Nick Park is the first person to really see me for what I am.”
While there are still finishing touches to be made to the film before its UK release on January 26, Park teased: “There probably could be more stories, but we haven't got that far yet. Early Woman?”
© Press Association 2017
Belfast's Grand Opera House is to host the award-winning, smash-hit Broadway and West End musical Jersey Boys as the show makes its Northern Ireland debut in 2018.
The Tony and Olivier Award-winning production will run at the Grand Opera House from Tuesday 11 to Saturday September 22, 2018.
Jersey Boys has been seen by over 24 million people worldwide, received 57 major awards, was resident in London's West End for nine years, and is the twelfth longest running show in Broadway history, performing a phenomenal 4,642 shows during 11 record-breaking years!
Jersey Boys is the remarkable true story of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons and their rise to success and stardom. These four boys from New Jersey became one of the most successful bands in pop history, were inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and sold 175 million records worldwide, all before they turned 30.
The show is packed with their hits, including Beggin', Walk Like A Man, December, 1963 (Oh What a Night), Big Girls Don't Cry, My Eyes Adored You, Bye Bye Baby, Can't Take My Eyes Off You, and Working My Way Back to You.
Ian Wilson, Grand Opera House chief executive, said: “Jersey Boys is one of the most requested shows by Grand Opera House theatregoers so we are delighted to bring this worldwide hit to Northern Ireland for the first time. The show has taken the world by storm since it burst onto the stage in 2005 and still remains one of the must-see productions of all time.”
Written by Marshall Brickman and Rick Elice, with music by Bob Gaudio and lyrics by Bob Crewe, the production is staged by the entire original Broadway creative team led by Des McAnuff, two-time Tony Award-winning director and choreographer Sergio Trujillo. Tickets for Jersey Boys at the Grand Opera House go on sale on Thursday 15, June 2017.
For further information and booking go to www.goh.co.uk.
Directly or indirectly, cancer affects everyone. By 2020, one in two of us will have developed some form of the disease and, while certain strains such as breast and prostate cancers have very high survival rates, the outlook for other types is not so positive.
Oesophageal cancer has a low survival rate. While the prognosis is improving, it remains one of the most difficult to detect with fewer than one in five people diagnosed with the condition still alive five years after diagnosis.
Mark Kenna developed symptoms in 2011 and, despite waiting for several months to seek advice, was diagnosed and treated in time.
“In October 2011 I had difficulty swallowing dry food such as bread, potatoes and pastries and by December everything I ate became difficult to swallow,” he says. “I took indigestion tablets and drank milk to ease the swallowing and just before Christmas rang my GP to make an appointment, but he had gone on holiday.
“By the time I saw him in January 2012, I had lost a lot of weight and was fatigued all the time. He referred me for a scope and three days later I was told that I had a large tumour halfway down my oesophagus that needed further investigation. A week or so later, on my 49th birthday, the doctor rang and confirmed the worst – I had cancer.”
Surgery
Kenna (54), who has six grown-up children, says his GP told him to accept the diagnosis and do everything the oncology team advised.
“I believe what my GP said saved my life,” he says. “He had survived cancer several years before and told me that, even as a medical practitioner, he had no idea about cancer, so put his life in the hands of those who did.
“He advised me to do the same and I followed this to the letter and accepted my illness from that moment on. This advice, in my opinion, is vital to cancer survival. You need to say ‘I have cancer – what can I do to beat it?'”
The Dublin man underwent surgery to remove the tumour. This was followed by medication. He believes that ever-improved treatments, combined with being upbeat and focusing on the future, is a great healing technique.
“I am by nature a very positive person and this certainly helped me to beat cancer. Of course, sometimes nothing can help as cancer can be too aggressive or too well established, but always believe in the amazing medical teams, always believe you can win and always believe medical science will help you win – it did for me.”
Some 400 people are diagnosed with oesophageal cancer in Ireland each year. Dr Robert O'Connor, head of research for the Irish Cancer Society, says that, while risks and symptoms vary, there are ways in which people can minimise the risk of developing a particularly deadly form of the disease.
“Much oesophageal cancer seems to originate from a few factors coming together,” he says. “Smoking tobacco and excess alcohol use would be risk factors – as would obesity. Reflux, or a condition called gastroesophageal reflux disease, is also a specific risk factor.
“Symptoms can vary by person and will often go on for some time, although not always. Usually, but not always, there will be a history of heartburn and related symptoms (pain, belching, hiccupping) and, really, heartburn which keeps going for anything more than a few weeks needs to be investigated by a GP, who may wish to refer on for further tests.”
Chemotherapy
Treatment of oesophageal cancer depends on the individual and, while surgery to remove cancerous tissue is very common, this is also very complex and technical and can cause problems, such as difficulty breathing or eating.
Radiation and chemotherapy is also used to treat this cancer. Kenna had two courses of chemo before and after surgery.
“The [first] chemo was designed to reduce the malignancy and size of the tumour to prepare me for my operation in July 2012,” he says. “I was discharged two weeks later and spent the next two months in recovery before resuming chemo for a further two months.
“The second round was horrible as my body was considerably weaker than before the operation. However, it was wholly necessary and allowed me the time to fully recover from the overall process. [Following that] the advice and coaching from my nutritionists played a very important role in fighting the cancer and post-op rebuilding of the immune system and recovering my appetite.
“As a foodie and amateur cook, I devised many specialised menus for myself under their guidance and would suggest this as a must-do for others with this type of cancer.”
Future
Kenna is doing well and is beginning to look towards the future. “Five years from my diagnosis, it's 99 per cent unlikely the cancer will come back,” he says. “This is an absolutely huge milestone for me, but also for my children, siblings, parents and my wonderful partner, Cliona, who suffered with me every day.
“This involvement and unbridled support of family and friends was vital and cannot be underestimated. I know I'm one of the lucky ones, but only now do I feel my cancer journey has come to an end and I can begin to rebuild and resume life as I knew it.”
Panel: Symptons of oesophageal cancer
Difficulty, pain and/or discomfort swallowing
History of heartburn (acid reflux) that didn't go away or needed constant over-the-counter medication
Pain in your breastbone, back or throat
Vomiting with or without blood present
Weight loss, possibly including fatigue and night sweats
Poor appetite
Ongoing cough
For more information, visit cancer.ie. To make a donation, visit lollipopday.ie
There's a big difference between singing at home and in front of a studio audience, as Escobar from Blanchardstown learns at the Ireland's Got Talent auditions. Stage fright got the better of him the day before and this is his second chance. He hops from foot to foot and cocks his head nervously. His feathers are visibly ruffled and lights, camera … nothing.
Escobar is a parrot. A yellow, green and pink parrot that sings The Fields of Athenry beautifully at house parties, according to his owner, Kevin, but judges Jason Byrne, Denise van Outen, Michelle Visage and Louis Walsh point out that if he can't handle the pressure to perform now, when can he? They concede that the spotlight isn't the place for a parrot with stage fright and they gently let him go.
It's the final day of auditions in The TLT in Drogheda, Co Louth, for the first series of Ireland's Got Talent, the Irish version of the popular show that's broadcast in 58 different countries, and while the crew seem weary, there's a hyper energy backstage. With no age restrictions to apply to the show, the theatre is overrun with singers, dancers – lots of dancers – and magicians who got half days off school to audition.
Some of the older kids make up Suimhneas, a 30-piece choir and band, from Wicklow's Coláiste Chill Mhantain. Still in their school uniforms, they perform Your Love Still Goes My Way, a moving song they wrote for any family members who are sick. “You're like School of Rock but with deeper meaning,” says a teary-eyed Visage. The majority of the children, though, are dancers clad in spangly costumes and fixed with permanent smiles. The Minis, a dance group from Firhouse's Steptacular Performing Arts School, stun the crowd with their frantic jazz routine to Tina Turner's Proud Mary, equipped with the trademark Tina Turner shimmy. Their commitment to sparkle motion is undeniable.
Dancing is big business in Ireland, I'm told by an important-looking man wearing a headset, but one group is bringing something different, he says, before introducing me to Pro 7+. At first glance, these dancers look like your average dance troupe (I know all about dance troupes now, you see) until I look at their feet. Wearing what they call rebound shoes – envision a snow boot with a kangaroo bounce or a futuristic pogo boot – they're hopeful to make it to the live shows with their Irish dancing, which comes with a special jumping technique.
The Minis, a dance group from Firhouse's Steptacular Performing Arts School
“These boots connect people!” says choreographer, dancer and bouncing boot distributor Jekaterina, who speaks on behalf of her team, made up of Irish, Polish, Latvian, Russian, Lithuanian, Moldovan and Ukrainian women.
No fame clause
Unlike The X Factor, where winners sign away a few years of their life with an immediate recording contract, the winners here get a €50,000 cash prize and an hour-long Christmas television special. With no contract and no fame clause, Ireland's Got Talent is a glitzier version of what happens in school halls and GAA clubs across the country, except Louis Walsh is involved. There's no forced nastiness and any criticism from the judges is constructive.
Producer Darren Smith says Visage, an American singer, TV host and judge from RuPaul's Drag Race, brings great empathy to the show, and it's rubbing off on the other judges. She is no stranger to Ireland, having been Dusty Rhodes's Hollywood reporter on 2FM in the early 2000s. Her firsts trip to Ireland were glamorously sponsored by Cidona.
Visage is known for her straightforward judging style on Drag Race, and she's tweaking her critiques for this new and younger audience. “Like I'm never going to talk to a child the same way I would to a drag queen who's been out there in the real world, because for a drag queen like that, I'm not going to sugar-coat anything,” she purrs on her break from hair and make-up in The D Hotel. “But for a seven-year-old kid who is just starting out and trying to be the best that they can be … I'm not gonna go balls to the wall in on a little seven-year-old.”
Before signing up for Ireland's Got Talent, Visage knew she would be wowed. “I watch Britain's Got Talent and so many people from Ireland are on, because that's the closest, and so many people from Ireland wow the judges every time. So I didn't come questioning that there'd be any talent. I didn't ever once have to say ‘Hmmm … let's see what's going to happen',” she says, adding that she's also commissioned pieces from Irish fashion designers for the live shows. “I knew that there was going to be talent. I knew it. Because I've seen it. I know how talented Ireland is.”
Judge Michelle Visage: “For a seven-year-old kid who is just starting out … I'm not gonna go balls to the wall in on a little seven-year-old”
When it comes to spotting star potential, Visage likes to give acts some time to get into the groove. “It's not easy if you haven't done it a lot,” she says. “So I like to give them a little bit, you know – 30 seconds to a minute or two – and then I can take it from there. You see where it's going to go in the first 30 seconds. Probably less than that.”
Fiend for the buzzer
The judges sometimes hold on for longer than they should to hit the dreaded buzzer that cuts auditions short. Louis Walsh is a fiend for teasing out the tension like this. He waits until one singer with limited range reaches the ambitious key change in I Will Always Love You before cutting her off and he lets another warble on for two verses and a chorus, causing Van Outen to try out her best Simon Cowell impression: “Maybe continue in your bedroom instead of in front of everyone.”
Walsh, by the way, is by and far the crowd's favourite judge, with the children in the audience shouting for his attention between acts, probably knowing him from The X Factor and not for managing Boyzone or Westlife. And in his 17 years of judging on TV talent shows, his stating-the-incredibly-obvious style has not changed in the slightest. “You're 15! You're from Tralee! And it just flows,” he says like a caricature of himself to Charlotte, a classical singer from Kerry.
Escobar the parrot and his owner, Kevin
Finding talent is exhausting – so everyone fuels up during the break on tea and clingfilm-wrapped sandwiches from The TLT's tuck shop – but the judges are putting a wide range of acts forward so that the live shows will be anything but. However, for the last audition of the day, the tone shifts from cheery to strange. Self-proclaimed “telepathy rock star” Eddie Dean is conducting PhD research in UCC on nonphysical communication, and for his act, he attempts to read the judges' minds using a blindfold and picture cards and strips out of his tailored pinstripe suit down to his monogrammed jocks for … transparency? To quote a mystified Jason Byrne, “I was off me banger watching you”.
On Ireland's Got Talent, anything goes and just when you think that the smallness of Ireland might make the auditions predictable, between stripping psychics, nervous parrots, multiple magicians and a nation of tiny dancers, this show finds a way to surprise you.
Southampton boss Mauricio Pellegrino says his side's 3-2 win at West Brom, their first win in 12 matches, will give them the "belief" to push on and try to avoid relegation.
MATCH REPORT: West Brom 2-3 Southampton
Watch highlights on Match of the Day, Saturday 3rd February at 22:30 GMT on BBC One and the BBC Sport website & app.
While none of the documents during a three-year period when Kushner was CEO bore his personal signature, they provide a window into the ethics of the business empire he ran before he went on to become one of the most trusted advisers to the president of the United States.
"It's bare-faced greed," said Aaron Carr, founder of Housing Rights Initiative, a tenants' rights watchdog that compiled the work permit application documents and shared them with The Associated Press. "The fact that the company was falsifying all these applications with the government shows a sordid attempt to avert accountability and get a rapid return on its investment."
Kushner Cos. responded in a statement that it outsources the preparation of such documents to third parties that are reviewed by independent counsel, and "if mistakes or violations are identified, corrective action is taken immediately."
"Kushner would never deny any tenant their due-process rights," it said, adding that the company "has renovated thousands of apartments and developments with minimal complaints over the past 30 years."
New York City Council members are calling for an investigation into the AP's report.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects that the watchdog group said led to harassment of rent regulated tenants.
Mary Ann Siwek sits in her apartment in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan on March 15, 2018. Jared Kushner's family real estate company routinely filed false documents with New York City claiming it had no rent-regulated tenants in its buildings, including the one where Siwek lived, when it actually had hundreds. Mary Altaffer / AP
For the three Queens buildings in the borough's Astoria neighborhood, the Kushner Cos. checked a box on construction permit applications in 2015 that indicated the buildings had zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records filed a few months later showed the company inherited as many as 94 rent-regulated units from the previous owner.
In all, Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 false applications for construction permits in 34 buildings across New York City from 2013 to 2016, all of them indicating there were no rent-regulated tenants. Instead, tax documents show there were more than 300 rent-regulated units. Nearly all the permit applications were signed by a Kushner employee, including sometimes the chief operating officer.
Had the Kushner Cos. disclosed those rent-regulated tenants, it could have triggered stricter oversight of construction crews by the city, including possibly unscheduled "sweeps" on site by inspectors to keep the company from harassing tenants and getting them to leave.
Instead, current and former tenants of the Queens buildings told the AP that they were subjected to extensive construction, with banging, drilling, dust and leaking water that they believe were part of targeted harassment to get them to leave and clear the way for higher-paying renters.
"It was noisy, there were complaints, I got mice," said mailman Rudolph Romano, adding that he also bristled at a 60 percent rent increase, a hike the Kushner Cos. contends was initiated by the previous landord. "They cleaned the place out. I watched the whole building leave."
Tax records show those rent-regulated units that numbered as many as 94 when Kushner took over fell to 25 by 2016.
In Kushner buildings across the city, records show frequent complaints about construction going on early in the morning or late at night against the rules, improper or illegal construction, and work without a permit.
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner attend a meeting held by President Donald J. Trump with members of his Cabinet at the White House in Washington on March 8, 2018. Michael Reynolds / Pool via Getty Images
At a six-story walk-up in Manhattan's East Village that was once home to the Beat poet Allen Ginsberg, the Kushner Cos. filed an application to begin construction in late 2013 that, again, listed zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records a few months later showed seven rent-regulated units.
"All of a sudden, there was drilling, drilling. ... You heard the drilling in the middle of night," said one of the rent-regulated tenants, Mary Ann Siwek, 67, who lives on Social Security payments and odd jobs. "There were rats coming in from the abandoned building next door. The hallways were always filled with lumber and sawdust and plaster."
A knock on the door came a few weeks later, and an offer of at least $10,000 if she agreed to leave the building.
"I know it's pretty horrible, but we can help you get out," Siwek recalls the man saying. "We can offer you money."
Siwek turned down the cash and sued instead. She said she won a year's worth of free rent and a new refrigerator.
New York City Council member Ritchie Torres, who plans to launch an investigation into permit applications, said: "The Kushners appear to be engaging in what I call the weaponization of construction."
Rent stabilization is a fixture of New York City that can bedevil developers seeking to make money off buildings. To free themselves of its restrictions, landlords usually have to wait until the rent rises above $2,733 a month, something that can take years given the small increases allowed each year.
Submitting false documents to the city's Department of Buildings for construction permits is a misdemeanor, which can carry fines of up to $25,000. But real estate experts say it is often flouted with little to no consequences. Landlords who do so get off with no more than a demand from the city, sometimes a year or more later, to file an "amended" form with the correct numbers.
Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings mentioned in the documents, most of them a year to two later.
"There is a lack of tools to go after landlords who harass tenants, and there is a lack of enforcement," said Seth Miller, a real estate lawyer who used to work at a state housing agency overseeing rent regulations. Until officials inspect every construction site, "you're going to have this incentive for landlords to make life uncomfortable for tenants."
New York City's Department of Buildings did not comment in general about the false filings by the Kushner Cos., but said it disciplined a contractor who filed false documents while working on two of the Queens buildings, which are currently under investigation by a tenant-harassment task force. It added that the department is also ramping up its monitoring of construction, hiring 72 new inspectors under city laws recently passed to crack down on tenant harassment.
"We won't tolerate landlords who use construction to harass tenants — no matter who they are," spokesman Joseph Soldevere said.
Exactly how much money the Kushner Cos. earned from the buildings mentioned in the documents is unclear. Of those 34 buildings, only the three in Queens and a fourth in Brooklyn appear to have been sold. The company also likely made money by reducing the number of rent-regulated tenants and bringing in those who would pay more.
Jared Kushner, who stepped down as CEO of the Kushner Cos. last year before taking on his advisory role at the White House, sold off part of his real estate holdings as required under government ethics rules. But he retained stakes in many properties, including Westminster Management, the Kushner Cos. subsidiary that oversees its residential properties. A financial disclosure last year showed he still owns a stake in Westminster and earned $1.6 million from the holding.
Back in Queens, the mailman Romano was one of the few rent-regulated tenants who fought back.
He hired a lawyer who found out he was protected from the 60-percent rent hike by law, something Romano did not know at the time. And he said his rent, which was set to increase to $3,750, was restored to $2,350.
Romano is still in the building where he has lived for nine years, with his wife, four children and his guests from the construction days — the mice.
"I still haven't gotten rid of them."
Boys water polo: Barrington, BG to meet in MSL championship
hello
The matchup for the Mid-Suburban League's boys water polo championship is all set: Barrington against Buffalo Grove.
The Broncos wrapped up their second Mid-Suburban West championship in the last four seasons by topping their nearest divisional challenger, Conant, 11-7 on Monday.
Senior Mitch Gavars had 4 goals and 5 steals and Kyle Mitchell also had 4 scores for the the Broncos, who improved to 17-1 overall and 8-0 in the conference. Conant slipped to 11-3 and 6-2.
Goalie Harris Dibek helped keep the Cougars close by stopping 23 shots and Alec Burke scored 4 goals.
Buffalo Grove improved to 17-6 overall and is unbeaten in the MSL East after a 10-6 decision over Elk Grove.
Kevin Carr, Kenny Velu and Nick Roberts each had 3 goals to lead the way for Buffalo Grove, which trailed 5-2 at the half.
Nick Rosenorn paced Elk Grove (8-12, 4-4) with 3 goals.
Palatine 12, Fremd 11: Jerome Gabriel finished with a team-best 4 goals, including the go-ahead score late in the fourth quarter, as host Palatine earned an MSL West win.
Dylan White had 3 goals for the Pirates (4-12, 3-5) and Glenn Ingebritson and T.J. May both had a pair.
Derek Warnstedt led all scorers for Fremd (9-8, 4-4) with 6 goals and Tarun Pothanker had 3.
St. Viator 13, Maine South 10: Stephen Battin finished with 4 goals and Tyler Coupe and Matt Frank both had a pair to help the Lions picked up a nonconference win as goalie Tim Bansfield stopped 4 shots.
Schaumburg 11, Hoffman Estates 3: The Saxons improved to 8-11 overall and 3-5 in the MSL West while the Hawks dropped to 1-20 and 0-8.
Hersey 16, Rolling Meadows 4: The Huskies improved to 13-5 overall and 6-2 in the MSL East, while the Mustangs dropped to 0-12 and 0-7.
SEOUL: US Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea Monday not to test Donald Trump's resolve, declaring that “all options are on the table” in curbing its missile and nuclear weapons programs.
Defying international pressure, the North Sunday test-fired another missile as fears grow that it may be preparing for its sixth atomic weapons test.
“We hope to achieve this objective (the North's denuclearization) through peaceful means but all options are on the table,” Pence told a press conference in the South Korean capital after a trip to the tense border with the North.
“Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan.
“North Korea would do well not to test his resolve, or the strength of the armed forces of the United States in this region,” Pence said at the press conference with South Korea's Acting President Hwang Kyo-Ahn.
Tensions between Pyongyang and Washington have soared in recent weeks, as a series of North Korean missile tests have prompted ever-more bellicose warnings from Trump's administration.
The new and inexperienced US president has indicated he will not allow North Korea to develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the western United States.
Pence declared that the era of US “strategic patience” in dealing with the North was over, after more than two decades.
North Korea “answered our overtures with willful deception, broken promises and nuclear and missile tests”, he said.
The US, which stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, would “defeat any attack and we will meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective response”.
Pence's trip earlier Monday to the Demilitarized Zone between the two Koreas — one of the most heavily fortified frontiers on the planet — underscored Washington's changing policy towards the isolated state.
The visit came after a huge military parade Saturday during which North Korea showcased apparent intercontinental ballistic missiles, and as a US carrier group converges on the Korean peninsula.
It also came the day after North Korea's latest launch — which failed when the missile blew up seconds after blast-off.
Speaking at the village of Panmunjom inside the DMZ, Pence said America's relationship with South Korea was “ironclad and immutable.”
Tensions
Pyongyang insists it needs a powerful arsenal — including atomic weapons — to protect itself from what it says is the ever-present threat of invasion by hostile US forces.
A top White House foreign policy adviser o n Sunday became the latest Trump official to warn that while diplomatic pressure was preferable, US military action is very much on the table.
Pence urged the international community to join in demanding an end to the North's nuclear and ballistic missile programs.
“It is heartening to see China commit to these actions. But the United States is troubled by China's economic retaliation against South Korea for taking appropriate steps to defend itself,” he said, referring to the US THAAD missile defense system.
The system being installed in South Korea is designed to shoot down missiles from North Korea or elsewhere. But China furiously objects to its deployment, saying it could spy on its own defense installations, and has taken apparent retaliatory action against South Korean firms operating in its country.
Welcome to today's Birmingham City live blog for Tuesday, August 14.
It's transfer season.
Birmingham is intent on stepping up the Harry Redknapp revolution this summer.
Redknapp has already snapped up David Stockdale, Marc Roberts, Cheich Ndoye and Isaac Vassell.
He's keen on adding a number of further arrivals, too, with a number of players targeted in the aim of improving his side.
Redknapp is still in the hunt for new options to his forward line ahead of tonight's clash at home to Bolton Wanderers, but can be encouraged by his side's 2-1 win against Bristol City on Saturday.
Will today be the day the latest signing is confirmed?
The Birmingham Mail's live BCFC blog will bring you updates on all the Blues news and rumours as they happen - so stay tuned!
Market Scenario
Bronze is an alloy primarily consisting of copper and around 12% tin. It is reddish brown in color and its history dated back to 3500 BC. Bronze is widely used since its discovery for making various artifacts & sculpture, armor & weapons, tools, coins & medals, bronze mirrors, traditional building material such as bronze tiles, musical instruments such as bells and singing bowls, ornaments, utensils, and bronze plate among other. The global bronze market is expected to be majorly driven by a wide range of applications in various industry such as architecture, marine, automotive, electrical & electronics, and other industries.
Market Segmentation
The Global Bronze Market is segmented by Type, Process, End-Use Industry and Region.
On the Basis of the Type, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into standard bronze, aluminum bronze, phosphor bronze, silicon bronze, manganese bronze, leaded bronze, and others. Aluminum bronze accounted for the largest market share under the type category owing to its wide applications in the marine and architecture industries.
On the Basis of the Process, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into bronze castings, bronze extrusions, and bronze forgings. The bronze casting is expected to be the most preferred process of bronze fabrication due to its low cost and ease of processing.
Receive a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5941
On the Basis of the End-Use Industry, the Global Bronze Market is segmented into architecture, marine, automotive, electrical & electronics, and others. The architectural industry is expected to be the largest market for bronze due to high demand from the developed regions such as North America and Europe for renovation activities. However, growing marine industry in Asia Pacific, the Middle East & Africa, and Latin America is expected to witness steady demand for bronze and thus expected to emerge as the fastest growing end-use industry over the forecast period 2018-2023.
Competitive Analysis
Some of the key players in the Global Bronze Market are Farmers Copper Ltd. (U.S.), Advance Bronze Incorporated (U.S.), Wieland Metals Inc.(U.S.), Lebronze alloys (France), KME Germany GmbH & Co KG (Germany), LDM B.V. (Netherlands), CONCAST METAL PRODUCTS CO. (U.S.), Aviva Metals (U.S.), PMX Industries Inc. (US), and Powerway Alloy (China).
Regional Analysis
The Global Bronze Market is spanned across five regions namely Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa. Asia Pacific is expected to be the largest market for bronze owing to its numerous applications in various end-use industries such as marine, electrical & electronics, and automotive industry.
North America is expected to show steady demand for bronze for architectural application on account of ongoing renovation activities.
Europe is expected to witness steady demand for bronze from automotive and microelectronics industry. The Middle East & Africa is expected to experience high demand for bronze from the architecture and marine industry on account of the flourishing tourism industry. Latin America is expected to witness rising demand for bronze during the forecast period mainly from the emerging marine industry.
Access Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/bronze-market-5941
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) " South Korean filmmaker Bong Joon-ho has an answer to where the controversy over the theatrical releases of Netflix movies started: his cinematic ambition.
Bong said Wednesday that Netflix never pushed for the theatrical release of his "Okja," but he did so himself so people could see it on the big screen. The controversy has hit home in South Korea where the top three movie chains are refusing the film's simultaneous theatrical and Netflix debuts.
"Okja" by the internationally acclaimed director of "The Host" and "Snowpiercer" was one of two Netflix titles that competed at the Cannes Film Festival last month for the first time, along with Noah Baumbach's "The Meyerowitz Stories." But after an outcry from French exhibitors, Cannes changed its rules to require that films in competition be distributed in French movie theaters.
The debate over Netflix movie's theatrical release was renewed in South Korea after Cannes closed.
Advertisement
South Korea's top three largest movie chains, which control 90 percent of screens in the country, refused to release "Okja" unless Netflix holds off streaming for three weeks. In South Korea, movies are offered on online or other platform about two to three weeks after their big-screen debuts.
"Usually Netflix movies have not pushed ahead with theatrical releases in other countries," he told reporters in Seoul. "It was a controversy that started because of me. As a director, it's natural to have a desire to show the movie both on streaming and movie screens."
Bong said Cannes should have sorted out the rule before inviting "Okja" and that it was "unexpected" to see an international film festival adopt domestic law in France. Directors are too busy making films to study French law, he said.
"It would have been preferred if Cannes had put the rules in order before inviting us. Inviting us and then creating a controversy was an embarrassment to us," he said.
Produced by Brad Pitt on Netflix's $50 million budget, "Okja" features Tilda Swinton as a scion of a multinational food corporation and Jake Gyllenhaal as a zoologist. Their world in Manhattan stands in stark contrast to a farmer girl's who lives on remote mountains in South Korea with a genetically engineered animal named Okja. Part family movie and part political fantasy about the relationship between human and animals in capitalist society, the movie was well received among critics.
Netflix said it continues to work hard with a local distributor to give more opportunities and choices to South Korean viewers to watch "Okja." Its Netflix streaming starts on June 28, or June 29 local time in South Korea.
But no breakthrough with multiplex movie chains is in sight unless Netflix delays the streaming debut.
"It is against the rules of movie distribution system," said an official at CJ CGV, the biggest multiplex movie chain in South Korea. The person was not authorized to speak to media about a deal under negotiation and asked to be anonymous.
While big movie theater operators may boycott, independent movie theaters have agreed to screen Bong's political fantasy on June 29 giving "Okja" screening time, but on few screens.
Bong said he is generally happy the movie will appear in movie theaters that have been eclipsed by the multiplex chains.
"It's a good chance to revisit movie theaters that we have forgotten for a while," he said. "I'm satisfied with the current situations."
For Netflix, it's got little to lose.
The noise created by the film industry could benefit the service, which isn't a popular brand yet in the South Korean streaming market, now dominated by big mobile carriers.
Bong, a household name in South Korea and one of the few movie directors to have achieved both critical and commercial success with nearly all of his previous works, could prompt viewers here to join the online streaming service, rather than traveling to watch "Okja" on a big screen.
By Innocent Anaba
A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos, yesterday, dismissed an application by four companies, which pleaded guilty to laundering $15.5 million allegedly belonging to former First Lady, Dame Patience Jonathan.
The companies, Pluto Property and Investment Company Limited, Seagate Property Development and Investment Company Limited, Transocean Property and Investment Company Limited and Globus Integrated Service Limited, had prayed the court to reverse their guilty plea and nullify the previous proceedings because those who represented the company were not authorised to do so.
Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, arraigned them alongside a former Special Adviser on Domestic Affairs to President Jonathan, Dr Waripamo Dudafa; a lawyer, Amajuoyi Briggs, who is the companies' secretary, and a banker, Adedamola Bolodeoku, with Skye Bank Plc.
Dudafa, Briggs and Bolodeoku pleaded not guilty to the 17-count charge.
The companies' lawyer, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN, told Justice Babs Kuewumi that his clients were not given a fair trial before their conviction because they had no legal representation of their choice.
Ozekhome said he was briefed to represent the companies after its directors pleaded guilty despite not being authorised by the board to do so.
He asked that the trial be done de novo (afresh) and the previous proceedings declared null, void and unsustainable in law.
But, prosecuting counsel, Rotimi Oyedepo urged the court to refuse the application for being an abuse of court process.
According to him, it amounted to asking the judge to revisit his ruling and to assume the position of an appellate court.
Ruling on the application, Justice Kuewumi held that a lower court can only reserve himself in exceptional cases where there is “a serious procedural irregularity” or where the court lacks jurisdiction.
The matter has been adjourned till October 17 for hearing.
Among ancient shrines Donald Blakeslee has found, several limestone boulders in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard stand out.
Sculptors from the Wichita Nation carved the images hundreds of years ago. There are small holes with basins just below them, and from the basins, curved miniature channels, some shaped like stairsteps moving down the sloping face of the stone.
Nobody made much of this rock art, not even previous archaeologists who'd looked at it.
But two years ago, Blakeslee, an anthropologist, stood under the shade of the Norwood's trees, and felt a little flash of recognition.
“It has to do with souls.”
So he picked up his water bottle, and poured.
The water pooled, in basins under the holes. The water filled the little basins, then trickled down the carved channels, which curved around and then came together, or spread out.
He'd discovered an interactive sacred shrine, still functional after four centuries.
“It is in their religion that everything is in three layers — the sky, this world, and the underground — and that water moves between these worlds,” he said.
The shrine was rooted deeply in religious beliefs of the Wichita Nation. Moving water was sacred. Believers also thought they could look into a pool on a moonlit night and talk with spirits and souls in reflections they saw.
Blakeslee keeps finding more images, and thinks it'll be possible to record more about the lost mythology of the Wichita.
Many stones beside springs were sacred. A few feet from the water shrine sits another boulder, with dozens of small, smooth depressions carved into stone. Women hundreds of years ago carved the little holes, filled them with water, then drank that water while saying a prayer for successful pregnancies.
Springs and water pools, especially those coming out of caves, were sacred portals, he said. And that's where the Norwood's boulders come in.
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 3:26 United passenger attorney: Airlines have bullied us, and Dao is 'the guy to stand up for passengers' Pause 1:03 Sunshine and 20,000 eggs draw thousands to Eagles egg hunt 1:50 Rainiers starter Chase de Jong recaps outing after 3-1 win over Albuquerque 2:48 Activists call for President Trump's tax returns at Olympia rally 1:03 Head-on crash injures 3, with one airlifted to Harborview, Sunday morning 0:04 Suspect in bomb threat at local elementary school 1:40 Olympia-area man says he won't pay tax bill until he sees Trump's tax return 0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video 0:59 West Hylebos Wetlands 2:04 Olympia girl and dog Spitfire form world-class diving team Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email Wichita State professor explores ancient Native American city Wichita State anthropologist Donald Blakeslee talks about the Wichita Indian settlement of Etzanoa, which was discovered near present-day Arkansas City by Spanish explorers in 1602. It is estimated the settlement was home to 20,000 Plains Indians. theying@wichitaeagle.com
The pastures of Rice County and the bluffs and ravines around Arkansas City and Etzanoa are nourished by burbling springs that likely became drinking supplies and sacred shrines.
This has fascinated Gary McAdams, who has held leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes, headquartered in Anadarko, Okla.
Among the ancient Wichita, he said, “Water is transformational — you go into a stream or a spring, and come out transformed. When babies are born, they baptized them with water. They would pray to the spirit in the water, or in the moon.
“And when they were about to do something important, a battle or some other big undertaking, they would go to a nearby stream and bathe, a preparatory thing they would do with prayers.
“They would do that also when someone passes away, the family would make sure to bathe, to get rid of a bad feeling — a cleansing action, to bathe, and do it with prayers.
“Things have changed now.”
MOSCOW: A plane carrying 35 Russian diplomats expelled from the United States over Moscow's alleged interference in the presidential election took off from Washington on Sunday, Russian news agencies reported.
“The plane has taken off, everyone is on board,” said the Russian embassy in Washington, quoted by the state-owned RIA Novosti agency.
Relatives of the diplomats are also onboard the plane flown specially from Russia, for a total of 96 passengers onboard.
The expulsions were part of a package of sanctions ordered by President Barack Obama on Thursday in the final weeks of his administration.
“We can confirm that the 35 Russian diplomats declared persona non grata have, along with their family members, departed the United States,” a State Department spokesman told AFP.
The diplomats, described as intelligence operatives based at the Russian embassy in Washington and the consulate in San Francisco, had been given 72 hours on Thursday to leave the country.
US intelligence says the Kremlin ordered a hack-and-release of Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton campaign staff emails in a bid to put Donald Trump in the Oval Office.
Obama also ordered the closure of two Russian compounds in New York and Maryland that the United States says were used “for intelligence-related purposes.”
Economic sanctions were also announced against Russia's FSB and GRU intelligence agencies. Four GRU officers including agency chief Igor Korobov also face sanctions.
Moscow has repeatedly denied the allegations.
President Vladimir Putin has ruled out sending home US diplomats in retaliation — a move interpreted as a sign he is looking to Trump to rebuild US-Russian ties after the US inauguration on January 20.
Trump has cast doubt on the US intelligence findings, saying he knows “things that other people don't know” about the situation. The populist billionaire is seeking closer ties with Putin. AFP
AFP/CC
BANGKOK: The number of people killed on Thailand's roads during the country's traditional new year week dropped by more than 10 percent following a junta campaign to end the annual carnage.
The kingdom has some of the world's most lethal roads, with accidents spiking over Songkran – the April new year festival – as millions of city workers return to their country homes.
Both Songkran and the western New Year are both dubbed the “seven deadly days” because of the surge in crashes and road fatalities.
Figures released on Tuesday showed 390 people lost their lives on Thailand's roads during the previous seven days, an 11 percent decrease on the previous year.
Thailand's junta government has launched repeated crackdowns on drunk driving since its 2014 power grab, including approving harsher penalties for offenders, seizing vehicles and forcing drivers to visit mortuaries holding the bodies of accident victims.
But until now all the previous campaigns showed no reductions.
Junta chief Prayut Chan-O-Cha on Tuesday said there was still work to be done to persuade Thais to drive more responsibly.
“No I am not satisfied because people are still dead,” he told reporters.
Despite relatively good infrastructure, Thailand has the world's second most dangerous roads in terms of per capita deaths, according to data collected by the World Health Organization in a 2015 report.
Figures show drunk driving remains stubbornly entrenched in Thailand.
Nearly a third of accidents over this year's Songkran – 28 percent – were caused by drunk driving. Military authorities said they also seized 5,600 motorbikes and 1,800 cars driven by people who were over the limit.
Experts say speeding and a lack of helmet-wearing among motorcyclists are also major factors behind the high death rate.
The kingdom's traffic cops are also notorious for bribe-taking and letting wealthy, well-connected drivers off the hook for offenses.
Neighboring Myanmar, which also celebrates the traditional new year over the same period, said 285 people were killed on its roads last week.
AFP
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a player Gareth Southgate gave more of his career to Aston Villa than any of his three clubs.
Some of his highest - and lowest - moments came in the claret and blue during a six year stay in which he made more than 200 appearances.
He lifted the League Cup for Villa and was lifted by them after his penalty miss in Euro 1996.
It was a huge shock when he handed in a transfer request on the eve of Euro 2000.
Now 47, the erudite Southgate has written a new chapter in the history books of English football.
Whether England progress past Sweden in the quarter final or not - the man who missed against Germany has overseen the country's first ever World Cup shoot out success.
Birmingham Live takes a close look at the man masterminding England to 2018 World Cup glory. Hopefully.
Where it started
Born in Watford and raised in Sussex, Southgate made his big break with Crystal Palace. But it wasn't completely straightforward, he was actually released by Southampton at the outset of his journey.
But it was at Selhurst Park where he came through the ranks, slowly. He set what at the time was a record, with more than 100 games for the Eagles reserves before finally getting his shot.
Once the door opened, he eased it aside with characteristic certainty. He made his league debut in a 3-0 defeat to Liverpool in April 1991 - and was rarely out of the first team picture after that.
Aged 22 he was made captain of the first team and led Palace to promotion to the Premier League in the 1993-94 season
He also played in several positions, starting out in attacking roles, before settling at full back only to be reinvented as a defensive midfielder.
It was at Villa he evolved into an outstanding centre back, where he made most of his appearances for England.
A Villan
In the summer of 1995 he was bought by Brian Little who had a vision of where Southgate would be best deployed.
A £2.5m purchase a few days after Savo Milosevic joined, a few days before Mark Draper arrived and a few weeks before Shaun Teale moved on.
His Villa debut came in that now famous 3-1 victory over Manchester United, after which a great sage proclaimed ‘You don't win anything with kids'.
United did indeed win something, two things in fact but Villa also had an excellent season, finishing fourth in the league and reaching the semi-finals of the FA Cup.
Southgate made 32 Premiership appearances and was a mainstay of the side which lifted the Coca-Cola Cup in March 1996 after a 3-0 victory over Leeds.
He played all but six league games, in the run in he had a knee injury but returned for the final fixture to prove his fitness in time to play at Wembley, where he had Tony Yeboah in his pocket as he eased to a winner's medal.
That opened the door to a first taste of Europe but the debut campaign was short lived with a first round away goals defeat to Norwegian part-timers Helsingborg.
And then
The following season Southgate was back in Europe after Villa finished fifth to qualify for the UEFA Cup again.
It was a more successful foray in 1997-98 with Southgate helping Villa past Bordeaux, Athletic Bilbao and Steaua Bucharest before being squeezed out of the quarter-finals by Atletico Madrid.
Little had quit just before that game with Villa standing 15th in the table and successor John Gregory revitalised the club's fortunes and they finished seventh, just enough to qualify for a third successive UEFA Cup campaign.
Gregory rebuilt using the proceeds of the £12.6m sale of Dwight Yorke to Manchester United and brought in Paul Merson from Boro and Dion Dublin and with Southgate now the skipper, for a spell they topped the Premiership.
But it unravelled and Villa went out of the UEFA Cup early to Celta Vigo and amid rumblings of discontent over the manager's abrasive man-management style they faded to sixth and missed out on Europe.
He also played in every Premier League game for Villa during the 1998-99 campaign
Southgate's last hurrah with Villa came in 2000 as they reached the last FA Cup final at the old Wembley only to be beaten 1-0 by Chelsea.
By then the relationship had fractured.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Nicknames
Mr Nice Guy. Someone called him this in his very early days at Palace as a youth player doing his apprenticeship, presumably to toughen him up. ‘No-one ever called me that since' he now says.
At Selhurst Park there was also ‘Nord' after intelligent know-it-all TV presenter Denis Norden.
At Villa the monickers abounded. The Beak ‘for obvious reasons,' Southgate noted, an epithet which he shared with Andy Townsend and his similarly generously proportioned nasal organ.
There was ‘The Gate' and rather more cryptically John Gregory took to naming him Harry - after a district in London called Enfield and Southgate.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
England career
Southgate made 57 England appearances over nine years before bowing out as a substitute in a 1-0 defeat away in Sweden in March 2004 - and scored two goals.
Spot kick shoot-out shame and Pizza Hut adverts will define Southgate's England career for many.
That would be a harsh judgment on a cultured defender who won over 50 caps and was at four major tournaments - but there is no getting away from that penalty.
Southgate was left devastated as he missed the crucial final kick in a tense 12-yard face-off with old rivals Germany in the 1996 European Championship semi-final.
England went out but his consolation prize was to enter football folklore and join fellow spot kick villains Chris Waddle and Stuart Pearce in an iconic television commercial for the fast food chain.
(Image: PA/PA Wire)
“I live with it every day. People still go past and whisper ‘That's the guy that missed the penalty',” he said.
“Such is life - you play for 15 years and people remember 15 seconds of it.
“After that disappointment, I had a couple of years playing for England where I found it really difficult.
“I felt everybody would be waiting for me to make another mistake. Eventually, experience carries you through. You realise you have to get back into the flow.
“The penalty miss initially clouded my judgment as to how well things had gone up to that point.
“Looking back, I'd had a decent tournament overall - it's just a shame I couldn't have enjoyed it more at the time.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Southgate made his England debut in December 1995 when he came off the bench in the second half of a 1-1 Wembley draw with Portugal.
His first start came in March 1996 in a 1-0 Twin Towers in over Bulgaria as England started their build up to the European Championships on home soil.
He proved to be a key member of Terry Venables' team in Euro 96 and put in towering performances in the games against Switzerland, Scotland, Holland and Spain that won rave reviews.
But he was made a back page scapegoat after the semi-final penalty miss despite being one of the better players in the fateful fixture.
In the years to come he was to establish himself in the team but injuries and some strong competition limited his pitch time in the big games.
“I was injured in the first match in France [World Cup ‘98] and lost my place in the starting XI,” he said.
“And I didn't have much involvement in the last two tournaments either, the Euros in Holland and Belgium and the World Cup in Japan and Korea, but it was still a great experience to be there.
“I was involved with England for nine years - that's longer than I've been at any club.
“I loved it. Every time I lined up for the anthems I remembered those who helped me get so far - teachers, family, friends... everybody. It's every footballer's dream to play for their country.”
Never afraid to speak out
Unfortunately Southgate's time at Villa ended under a cloud.
Three weeks after the 2000 cup final defeat he told The Telegraph he felt he needed to leave.
“This is something that has been going through my mind for the last few months,” he said. “If I am to achieve in my career, it is time to move on.
“It is not a decision that has been easy but my mind is made up. I have given everything to Villa over the last five years."
“I have looked at all aspects of my position with Villa and perhaps the fans will be disappointed. But players come and go and the club will go on.
“I'm grateful for the opportunity Villa gave me and taking into consideration the profit they would make on me, I feel I have repaid them.”
Even then he played on for another season, applying himself professionally before leaving in the summer of 2001, for £6.5m.
On the international stage Southgate recalled Eriksson's uninspiring half-time team-talk during England's 2002 World Cup quarter-final defeat against Brazil saying: “We needed Winston Churchill. Instead we got Iain Duncan Smith!”
Always a leader
His conscientiousness, professionalism and desire to learn separated him from a very young age.
Geoff Thomas was not surprised when it was the young Southgate who replaced him as club captain when he left for Wolves.
Indeed Southgate skippered all three of his clubs, Palace, Villa and Middlesbrough.
Those leadership qualities were so well defined that according to the LMA website, Terry Venables and Martin O'Neill recommended him to Boro chairman Steve Gibson as the ideal candidate to replace Steve McClaren in 2006.
They say: “Having been McClaren's first signing for the club, Southgate achieved the seamless transition Gibson desired after being promoted from the dressing room to take charge.”
At Boro
He was named Player of the Year award in his first season at the Riverside - which was all the more creditable in that he avoided incurring a single yellow card in the process.
He became the first Boro captain to lift a major trophy, Southgate's final appearance for Middlesbrough was in the 2006 UEFA Cup final.
After that he replaced McClaren on the other side of the white line.
National Service
He originally joined The FA as head of elite development in January 2011 and played a key role in the opening of St. George's Park over an 18-month period.
Having been appointed Under 21 head coach in August 2013, Southgate successfully guided his side to two U21 Euro finals – helping secure a continent record of six successive qualifications – and won last summer's Toulon Tournament.
In November 2016 Southgate stepped into the hottest seat in English football, succeeding Sam Allardyce and his blotted copybook.
“I am extremely proud to be appointed England manager. However, I'm also conscious that getting the job is one thing, now I want to do the job successfully,” he said,
Going into the tournament he had won ten and drawn six of his 18 matches in charge having steered England through an unbeaten qualification campaign.
Who's talking about Euro 1996 now?
*With thanks to Teeside Live
Columbia Police Department Arrests Man for Domestic Assault
COLUMBIA - The Columbia Police Department arrested a 35-year-old man around 9:30 a.m. Thursday on two warrants for domestically assaulting a woman they say he kidnapped in November.
According to a probable cause statement, Christopher Mears resisted arrest in Callaway County from the Sheriff's Department. The victim said Mears grabbed her head and shoved her against a large metal storage container and made her bleed. The victim said the two were romantically involved.
Mears was previously convicted of third degree and second degree domestic assault, according to the probable cause statement.
Mears was on probabtion, but was put in jail Thursdsay on a $70,000 bond.
“The path toward sustainable energy sources will be long and sometimes difficult. But America cannot resist this transition, we must lead it. We cannot cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries, we must claim its promise. That's how we will maintain our economic vitality and our national treasure — our forests and waterways, our croplands and snow-capped peaks. That is how we will preserve our planet, commanded to our care by God. That's what will lend meaning to the creed our fathers once declared.”
— President Barack Obama, Second Inaugural Address, January 2013
President Barack Obama followed up on the promise of his inaugural address by announcing in June the President's Climate Action Plan. Obama's June address received well-deserved attention, particularly since it was the first-ever major presidential speech devoted entirely to the issue of climate change. Obama is to be applauded for finally using his bully pulpit to bring attention to this crucial issue in a major way.
That said, it's important to consider what Obama has proposed and assess whether these measures will be effective and up to the magnitude of the problems we face.
I've noticed over my years following the energy space that there is an unholy congruence of regulated industries and politicians when it comes to setting goals. Goals, such as mandates for renewable energy or a specified reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, turn out on close inspection to often be set at a level at or below where the market is headed even without such goals. In such cases, the goals become not only ineffective but in some cases are actually counter-productive due to the costs incurred in creating and enforcing them.
A couple of examples will help explain what I'm getting at. Obama set the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards for 2014-2017 vehicle models at 35 miles per gallon fleet-wide for each manufacturer. However, the Environmental Protection Agency's own economic analysis of this goal concluded that the market was already set to achieve it without any government intervention.
Similarly, Obama's EPA has previously proposed requiring that all new thermal power plants built in the United States be at least as efficient as an advanced natural gas power plant. (Obama's Climate Action Plan states: “To build on this progress, the Obama administration is putting in place tough new rules to cut carbon pollution.”)
However, the EPA's own economic analysis for regulating new power plants found that this goal will have no effect on the market because the market is already expected to avoid new coal power plants, primarily due to the low price of natural gas and other air pollution regulations already in place. The EPA's analysis found that “energy market data and projections support the conclusion that, even in the absence of this rule, existing and anticipated economic conditions in the marketplace will lead electricity generators to choose technologies that meet the proposed standards.” [emphasis added]
Now, we can still support this proposed goal for new thermal power plants, as I do, because it will at least act as a backstop in case economics or other factors change in a way that again favors coal, as has been the case in the past.
There is an unholy congruence of interests between the regulated industries at issue in these situations and the politicians seeking the regulations. The industries generally work hard against regulation, or at least work to dilute regulations. It is in fact ideal for regulated industries to appear to be subject to onerous regulations when in fact the regulations aren't onerous at all. That way, they can play the victim but not actually have to do anything, or not very much, to comply with the “onerous” regulations.
Similarly, the politicians at issue, and the agencies themselves, can claim to be “doing something” about the issue at hand, even if the regulations aren't actually going to do anything.
Turning to Obama's recent package of climate change solutions, let's look at which goals are likely to be “real” goals, rather than just “doing something” goals. Obama's June 24 speech and Climate Action Plan covered the following goals and programs:
» In 2009, Obama announced a goal of reducing U.S. greenhouse gas emissions “around” 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020, but only if all other major economies agreed to reduce their emissions as well.
» Create standards for greenhouse gas emissions from new and existing power plants
» Doubling renewable energy production by 2020
» Increasing investment in clean energy research by $7.9 billion for 2014, which includes money for renewables, but also nuclear, clean coal and advanced natural gas
I discussed above the fact that EPA's own economic analysis of the proposed regulations for new power plants found that the regulations wouldn't actually have any impact on the market. The new Climate Action Plan doesn't actually suggest a goal for reducing emissions on existing power plants, so we can't make any judgment about the degree to which this announced goal will become a “just doing something” goal.
When it comes to Obama's “ambitious” new goal of doubling renewable energy production by 2020, the conclusion is pretty clear: this is definitely just a “doing something” goal because the market is on track to far more than double renewable energy production by 2020, based on existing market forces and government policies. When it comes to wholesale renewable energy, as opposed to behind-the-meter facilities, the federal government and Obama himself certainly deserve major credit for the recent expansion in renewables. Obama's 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act directed about $80 billion toward energy efficiency and renewable energy, and this money has had a large impact through tax credits and other programs.
However, announcing a goal of doubling renewable energy production by 2020 ignores the fact that wind and solar, by far the fastest-growing renewables, have been doubling in the United States every two to three years over the last decade. So if this rate of growth merely continues, we'd see about three doublings by 2020 — not just one doubling, as Obama's new goal suggests.
Obama is to be applauded for relying on executive actions alone because Republicans in Congress have made it clear that they won't act on any climate change legislation at this time.
Adapting to Climate Change
The Climate Action Plan states that “the Obama administration will help state and local governments strengthen our roads, bridges and shorelines so we can better protect people's homes, businesses and way of life from severe weather.”
Leading International Efforts
Unfortunately, for those who have followed international efforts to mitigate climate change, this last category feels like a bad joke. The fact is that Obama has largely continued the climate change policies and leadership on the international level that his predecessor pursued. The United States has largely been an obstructor — very actively — when it comes to setting international climate goals.
The Climate Action Plan states:
“Just as no country is immune from the impacts of climate change, no country can meet this challenge alone. That is why it is imperative for the United States to couple action at home with leadership internationally. America must help forge a truly global solution to this global challenge by galvanizing international action to significantly reduce emissions (particularly among the major emitting countries), prepare for climate impacts, and drive progress through the international negotiations.”
The Climate Action Plan states that “the Department of Defense — the single largest consumer of energy in the United States — is committed to deploying 3 gigawatts of renewable energy on military installations, including solar, wind, biomass and geothermal, by 2025.” This is a laudable goal. I don't feel that it's particularly ambitious but it is certainly the case that markets wouldn't do this absent political direction.
What should we do instead?
How should we mitigate this unholy congruence in favor of just “doing something”?
A relatively easy fix would be to require goals to be set only after the regulatory agency at issue completes a detailed analysis of the relevant market forces and determines where the market is likely to go absent any new government goals or support.
— Tam Hunt is a Santa Barbara lawyer and writer, and blogs at Thought, Spirit, Politik. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
Global feminine hygiene products market was valued at $28.7 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach $47.3 billion by 2024, having a CAGR of 6.3% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2024. The sanitary pads segment gained the highest revenue share in the Global feminine hygiene products market.
The feminine hygiene products are the products used by women to maintain their personal hygiene such as sanitary pads, tampons, panty liners and shields, internal cleansers & sprays and disposable razors & blades. Such products are manufactured from wide variety of synthetic as well as natural raw materials. Demand for products made from natural raw materials is increasing, owing to increasing health consciousness among the consumers. The market for menstrual/feminine hygiene products in developing countries is expanding rapidly, driven both by private demand and by public efforts to improve girl's educational awareness and women's health and dignity. In developing countries of APAC and MEA awareness is created through CSR activities conducted by the companies. Recent trend followed by manufacturers in developed countries is to maintain brand loyalty and continuous innovation. Whereas, in developing countries, it is to spread awareness about feminine hygiene especially in areas where cultural and regional misbeliefs dominate.
Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/feminine-hygiene-market/request-sample
Market Determinants
The global feminine hygiene products market has witnessed healthy growth in the recent years due to the increase in awareness regarding feminine hygiene. An upsurge in urbanization and disposable income of the middle class has improved the standard of living, enabling the feminine populace to buy hygiene products such as sanitary pads, tampons, panty liners, etc. In addition to the above drivers, the rise in the number of working women and innovations in the feminine hygiene products are fuelling the market growth. According to the data revealed in 2015 by UN Statistics Division, 78% women in the developed countries and 64% women in the developing countries were employed in the education sector. In health & social work sector, the percentage of women employed in the developed countries was 72% whereas in developing countries it was 59%. However, health concerns raised due to the material used in the sanitary pads and environmental risks associated with its disposal act as the major barriers in the growth of the market. On the other hand, increasing demand for organic and bio-degradable feminine hygiene products in the developing countries are expected to create huge opportunities for the growth of market in the coming years.
Request Sample Copy of the
MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS
MARKET DETERMINANTS – IMPACT ANALYSIS
Segment Analysis
The global feminine hygiene products market is segmented on the basis of product type, distribution channel, and geography. By product type, the market is segmented into sanitary pads, tampons, internal cleaners & sprays, panty liners & shields, and disposable razors & blades. On the basis of distribution channel, the market is segmented as supermarkets & hypermarkets, specialty stores, convenience stores, dollar stores, and online & others. Geography wise, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World. Asia-Pacific is the largest global feminine hygiene products market in terms of revenue, by holding nearly half of the shares, throughout the forecast period. However, Latin America, Middle East, and Africa are expected to witness the fastest growth with a CAGR of 7.7% during the forecast period of 2017-2024.
ASIA-PACIFIC FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL, 2016-2024
ASIA-PACIFIC FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET BY DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL
Some eminent market players are Procter & Gamble Co., Edgewell Personal Care Company., Unicharm Corporation, Kimberly-Clark Corporation, Lil-Lets Group Ltd, PayChest Inc., Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget., Kao Group, First Quality Enterprises, Inc., and Hengan International Group Co. Limited. In June, 2017 a leading FMCG company Procter & Gamble (P&G), expanded its footprints in Nigeria by commissioning a state of the art production line of “Always”, its brand of feminine hygiene products at the P&G manufacturing site in Agbara, Ogun State.
FEMININE HYGIENE PRODUCTS MARKET SEGMENTATION
By Product type
• Sanitary pads
• Tampons
• Internal cleaners & sprays
• Panty liners & shields
• Disposable razors & blades
By Distribution channel
• Supermarkets & hypermarkets
• Specialty stores
• Convenience stores
• Dollar stores
• Online & others
By Geography
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
KEY MARKET PLAYERS
• Procter & Gamble Co.
• Edgewell Personal Care Company.
• Unicharm Corporation
• Kimberly-Clark Corporation
• Lil-Lets Group Ltd
• PayChest Inc.
• Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget
• Kao Group
• First Quality Enterprises, Inc.
• Hengan International Group Co. Limited
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/feminine-hygiene-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
On Monday, Germany marks the day when the hated Berlin Wall has been gone as long as it stood. Its demolition began on November 9th, 1989, 28 years after it was built. But German unification remains a costly, ongoing task, in particular to overcome mental blocks between eastern and western Germans that have outlasted the physical division.
This is what Germans mean when they talk of the “wall in the head”. But they're not alone in having a mental block.
Ask any of the almost 13,000 Irish people living in Germany how their adopted homeland is perceived back in Ireland, and many mention a wall in Irish minds towards Germany.
On paper, everything is fine: with bilateral trade ties worth €25 billion annually, Germany is Ireland's second-largest inward investor and third-largest source of tourists, with over 650,000 German visitors to Ireland in 2016.
But what about in the other direction, beyond city breaks to Berlin and boozy Oktoberfest excursions to Munich?
Some 30 years after Joxer went to Stuttgart for Euro '88, have the Irish, in their relationship with Germany, ever really – mentally – arrived?
An Irish pub in Frankfurt: decentralised tourist hubs?
Cracks appeared in the veneer of civility between the countries during the financial crisis that convulsed Europe in the years after 2008. In snugs and on talk shows, the talk was of Germans “dominating” us and forcing us to pay back greedy bondholders – while conveniently forgetting our own politicians who set us up for the fall by nationalising the banks.
A decade after the banking crisis hit, Brexit is the new crisis. With no choice but to turn it into an opportunity, Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney has announced a comprehensive review of “vital” Irish-German relations, to “vigorously advance our interests and our goals”.
So what are our interests and goals? And how can they be realised when, as one Irish official in Dublin admits, “Germany is an unknown to many here and that makes it appear intimidating.”
Countdown to Brexit
As the Brexit clock winds down, and Ireland looks for new partners in Europe, is it not about time that we “get over ourselves” in relation to Germany?
Ireland's ambassador to Berlin Michael Collins says the time is right to think anew about Germany – and not just because of Brexit. Next year is the 90th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the countries, and 20 years since the embassy returned to Berlin from Bonn.
“This review process is about – post-bailout and post-Brexit – asking the question: what sort of message and image should we try to make known about Ireland here in Germany?” says Collins.
As part of the process, he and his staff have toured this massive country to meet the Irish community, with an option of expanding the official presence beyond Berlin in the near future.
“There's definitely an argument to be made that we should we have a place in Munich, Frankfurt, or both,” he said. “But is an additional presence sustainable, how much will it cost us, and can we do it on experimental basis for a few years?”
Berlin may be the home of the federal government, but Germany's federal nature and 16 states means the real business is done elsewhere.
If the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia in Düsseldorf declared independence tomorrow, its economy would displace Sweden's in the European league table. In the south, Bavaria's gross domestic product is more than twice Ireland's.
Ireland is the right place: great for kids, so much space and empty beaches. People here in Germany are dying to go somewhere quiet with fewer people
A strategic review that fails to take account of Germany's federal structure will perpetuate Ireland's Berlin-centric approach to the country.
On a drizzly evening that could be Dublin if it wasn't Hamburg, 30 Irish people have shown up in a fluorescent-lit university seminar room to knock about ideas. Irish pubs in Germany still attract over 8 million people, says one Hamburg pub owner, and would be happy to act as decentralised tourist information hubs.
James, a scientist from Mayo, has spent two years working at DESY, a massive physics research lab that employs 5,000 people here. “It's an extraordinary place with opportunities for undergrad placements, but most don't even know it's here,” he says. “In Europe, Germany is the place to get a spot in science.”
Paul Quigley, who runs his own business in Hamburg, suggests Ireland is missing a trick on agritourism.
“I have German friends who go on their family holidays to Austria to an open farm, but there are a lot fewer in Ireland,” he said. “Ireland is the right place: great for kids, so much space and empty beaches. People here in Germany are dying to go somewhere quiet with fewer people.”
Joe Hogan, working in Hamburg since 2009 in the export trade, says he doesn't get “any negative comments about Ireland – bar that we are a tax haven”.
Poisoned tax apple
The poisoned tax apple dangles over these consultations and, with no change likely on Irish fiscal affairs, any new review will fight an uphill battle to communicate the Irish side of the fiscal narrative.
One approach might be to change the narrative by becoming a constructive partner. Ask around in Berlin and you sense a positive underlying vibe towards the Irish, but no one can remember the last time Dublin came up with innovative policy suggestions or solutions to problems that lay beyond its own narrow, national interest.
Is Ireland's relationship to Germany – and, indeed, the EU – too transactional, too focused on what we can extract from or sell them?
“That would be a big part of it, yes,” says Alan Dukes, former Fine Gael leader and chairman of Anglo Irish Bank, who is part of a delegation in Berlin this week from Ireland's Institute for International and European Affairs (IIEA).
He sees potential to boost Dublin's ties to Berlin through energetic membership of Pesco, the structured integration of European armed forces that Ireland and 24 other EU member states launched last year.
Niall Gibbons, CEO of Tourism Ireland, Brendan Griffin, Minister of State for Tourism, and Zoe Redmond, Tourism Ireland's manager for Central Europe at the launch of a new tourism strategy for the German market. Photograph: Naoise Culhane
“We are at a point,” he said, “where we are going to have done something positive anyway about the [Irish] armed forces if Ireland is going to continue to participate in UN operations. Pesco is a platform to make a greater overall contribution.”
One starting point for redefining Ireland's relationship with Germany is to explore how other countries of a similar scale do so.
Being proactive beyond its immediate neighbourhood is one way Finland, with a population of 5.5 million, evens out its asymmetrical relationship with Germany. Helsinki has a long disarmament tradition, including disposing of chemical weapons in Syria, and being outside Nato hasn't stopped it working with Germany in the western Balkans and Afghanistan.
Finland's ambassador Ritva Koukku-Ronde says Finland doesn't have a bilateral strategy with Germany.
“We concentrate on implementation of our . . . multi-annual action plan, which is updated yearly,” she said, in co-operation with all state bodies and other players with interest in Germany.
The need for closer co-ordination of Irish state bodies is mentioned often in Irish-German community consultations, along with the hope that Dublin will move beyond a perceived transactional relationship with its disenfranchised emigrants.
Others bemoan a lack of coherent thinking in Ireland about how to nurture the next generation of children raised in Germany with one or two Irish parents. A recent test run of Irish language classes in the Irish embassy in Berlin was a big success, but the Dutch are far more ambitious.
A state-founded foundation subsidises Dutch language and cultural lessons for children abroad. In Berlin alone, over 120 children in two locations take 12 hours of lessons a month for which their Dutch parents pay €400 a year. The lessons cater for Dutch families staying here, who want a grounding for their children, as well as for transitory families who want their children to slot back into the Dutch school system with recognised language skills.
Ask Danish Ambassador Friis Arne Petersen about his country's relationship with Berlin and he summarises it as “developing the art of surviving in this globalised world”.
With a narrow, 68km border, Denmark's relationship with Germany is far broader than Berlin. Instead it has identified federal states open to co-operation with on its key policy priorities, from renewable energy to digitalisation. Danish diplomacy in Berlin has a private-sector feel, selling embassy expertise to Danish firms interested in cracking Germany – at €130 an hour.
This approach raises three-quarters of the embassy's annual €2 million budget. As Petersen says: “Who better than an ambassador to advise companies on who to talk to here?”
Beyond Riverdance
Outside of our Berlin embassy, there are no shortage of cross-cultural ambassadors between Ireland and Germany. Take Jörg Widmann, the German star clarinetist, composer and principal conductor with the Irish Chamber Orchestra, based in Limerick.
Having an Irish orchestra bringing classical music to Europe, in particular to Germany, has an air of coals to Newcastle about it. But the Limerick ICO attracts ecstatic reviews here and is one important, perhaps under-appreciated, cultural bridge.
“We get standing ovations in Berlin because the ICO is a very special orchestra that is uniquely Irish, but no doubt more can be done to build on that,” says Widmann, suggesting an exchange between young Irish and German musicians.
Berlin-based Irish tenor Paul McNamara is a founding director of Opera Collective Ireland, which is staging Monteverdi's The Return of Ulysses, directed by Patrick Mason
“When young people come together through art and music, it can change a lot. I would love to see an exchange programme, and to contribute however I can.”
Buried in Germany's arts world is an Irish army of well-trained, world-class singers, musicians and dancers, like Munich-based soprano Tara Erraught and Berlin-based Wagner tenor Paul McNamara.
Ireland contributes a lot more to the European cultural context than Guinness, Riverdance and Kerrygold, but it's not always realised at home
He is a founding director of Opera Collective Ireland (OCI), a platform for young performers, which will this year present Monteverdi's The Return of Ulysses. The production is directed by Patrick Mason, and, in a cultural coup, features the world-renowned Akademie für Alte Musik Berlin.
Rather than appointing a top-down cultural manager in Germany throwing around funding in the hope it will stick, McNamara suggests working to finance smaller cultural strands that allow individual practitioners to activate their networks in their artistic fields.
Project funding combined with the cachet of embassy involvement, he says, can be a golden ticket into Germany's sprawling cultural infrastructure – from opera house subscriber lists to friends of galleries. That, in turn, opens doors for further co-operations and the prospect of a real exchange and two-way, cultural traffic.
“Ireland contributes a lot more to the European cultural context than Guinness, Riverdance and Kerrygold, but it's not always realised at home,” he says. “Celebrating the Irish who are out there in Europe, and enabling them to do more, is part of the solution.”
No matter how wisely spent, cultural diplomacy cannot be done without money. The Irish embassy in Berlin's cultural budget – after a recent funding boost – is €82,000 a year for all of Germany.
Denmark's embassy spends five times that, while the Finnland Institut has a cultural budget of €700,000. Its director, Laura Hirvi, sees the institute as a matchmaker between German institutions and Finnish artists, shielded from direct government control.
“We don't do a piano evening hoping to get well-known German politicians in the audience,” says Hirvi. “If that happens, great, but we are about creating networks and thinking long-term, so people work together long after we bring them together.”
After the review of Irish-German relations is completed in March, rather than start with the hard stuff, Dublin could consider launching a soft power push.
When the curtain comes down on the 2018 Imagining Ireland festival in the UK, maybe it will be time to push at the open door to Germany.
Perhaps Christy Moore can even be persuaded to bring back Joxer to Stuttgart.
15 Year Old Stabbed To Death In Wolverhampton
It happened in the Merry Hill area of the city last night
A murder investigation is underway in #Wolverhampton - our reporter @JournoCharlotte has spoken to a family member of the 15yo boy who was killed #HeartNews https://t.co/RkoFJl0y0Q — West Mids News (@HeartWMidsNews) May 30, 2018
A murder investigation has been launched after a 15-year-old boy died in a stabbing in Wolverhampton last night (Tuesday 29th May).
Officers were called to Langley Road, Merry Hill, just after 11pm following reports of disorder involving a group of youths.
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said:
“Crews arrived to find a 15-year-old boy with serious injuries. The team of ambulance staff worked quickly to begin administering advanced life support to him at the scene and this continued as he was transferred to New Cross Hospital.
“Sadly, shortly after arrival at hospital it became apparent nothing could be done to save him and he was confirmed deceased.”
Part of Langley Road has been cordoned off while investigations are carried out and door to door enquiries are taking place.
Police have cordoned off part of Langley Road in #Wolverhampton whilst a forensic team collect evidence for a murder investigation
A 15yo boy was stabbed to death here last night #HeartNews pic.twitter.com/r0jQO106l4 — West Mids News (@HeartWMidsNews) May 30, 2018
Officers are also viewing CCTV in the area as they seek to establish who was responsible for the knife attack.
Detective Chief Inspector Chris Mallett, from Force CID, said:
"A young boy has tragically been killed and we are determined to find out why this has happened.
"We are talking about the terrible loss of a 15-year-old boy, someone who had their life to live, and we will be working round the clock to find who was responsible.
"We are following a number of active lines of enquiry and would urge anyone with information which could assist our enquiries to call us as soon as possible."
Chief Superintendent Jayne Meir has released further statement:
Hello hello! Another month, another wanderlust watchlist!
For those of you new to Unexpected Occurrence, Wanderlust Watchlist is a monthly series I do, in which I share three different destinations that have caught my eye!
Sometimes it features places you guys have shared with me, so leave a comment with where you're lusting after. Maybe it'll appear in the next month!
Kenya
A flatmate of mine is from Kenya, and after hearing about it, I became so interested in going! I know, an entire country is a massive amount of space to cover, but I'm telling you, every place I've looked up looks worth a visit.
Iceland
Iceland has appeared as a top destination in the past year or so… seriously, these days, who HASN'T been to Iceland (besides me!)?! This place has gained recognition for good reason- the waterfalls, glaciers, and cities all look stunning.
Cusco, Peru
Cusco, a city in Southeastern Peru, is full of history, natural beauty, and modern culture. It's the gateway city to beautiful scenery, and the city itself has so much to offer. Home of the old Inca Empire, you're bound to learn about its past and the lasting effects of the empire.
Where are you guys lusting over? Let me know down below!
Chat soon,
Anya
McLaren Racing today announced a leadership restructure of its racing operations, with immediate effect.
McLaren Racing Chief Executive Zak Brown yesterday accepted Eric Boullier's resignation from his position as Racing Director. He also announced a simplified technical leadership team.
Simon Roberts, COO of McLaren Racing, will oversee production, engineering and logistics. Andrea Stella is appointed Performance Director, responsible for trackside operations. Gil de Ferran takes up the new role of Sporting Director, to maximise the effectiveness of the team's racing package.
These changes are the beginning of a comprehensive programme of positive changes to the technical leadership of McLaren's racing organisation. The team will invest to retain and attract the best talent, internally and externally, to return McLaren Racing to the front of the grid.
Zak Brown, CEO, McLaren Racing, said:
"The performance of the MCL33 in 2018 has not met the expectations of anyone at McLaren, especially our loyal fans. This is not the fault of the hundreds of committed and hard-working men and women at McLaren.
"The causes are systemic and structural, which require major change from within. With today's announcement, we start to address those issues head on and take the first step on our road to recovery.
"I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of the entire team to thank Eric for his service and contribution to McLaren and wish him well in his future endeavours."
Eric Boullier said:
"I am very proud to have worked with such a brilliant team over the past four years, but I recognise now is the right time for me to step down. I want to wish everyone at McLaren the best for the remainder of the season and for the future."
All are in good health and are getting food and medicine delivered to the cave thanks to Thai navy SEALS, medics and divers. But those working to save them cannot say yet when or how, exactly, the boys and their coach will be extracted.
Having lived through a similar ordeal, Reygadas had a message for the boys.
- Advertisement - “They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families.”
“They should think only about leaving and reuniting with their families,” Reygadas told The Associated Press on Tuesday, adding that their coach will be key to keeping them motivated.
The boys, who are ages 11 through 16, have to help one another, he said.
“It's terrible for them — they're little — but I believe that boys with a lot of strength are going to manage to be whole when they get out,” Reygadas said.
He recalled times when he and his fellow miners doubted they would be rescued. Faith, prayer and humor kept them sane, he said.
“They shouldn't be ashamed to be scared,” he said of the boys. “Because we were scared, too. Our tears also ran. Even as adult men, we cried.”
The miners, who were trapped below Chile's Atacama desert, were saved when a special capsule was lowered down a drilled shaft and raised them to the surface one by one.
In the case of the Thai soccer team, a rescue is a race against time.
Thai SEALS posted photos on Facebook on Wednesday morning of rescuers working in chest-deep water in the cave, adding that they were pumping water as “fast as possible” as they preppared to bring out the stranded group, Reuters reported.
And monsoon rains due in coming days could push water levels dangerously higher.
The boys do not know how to swim. Thai officials, while eager to pull them out, say they do not want to risk further endangering the team by rushing an evacuation.
“We need to be 100 percent confident,” said Narongsak Osatanakorn, the province's governor. “If there is a risk, we will not move them out.”
Despite their ordeal, the boys seem to be in good spirits.
In the videos released Wednesday morning, the boys, many wrapped in foil blankets, introduce themselves by name and say they are in good health. A SEAL is seen treating minor cuts on the boys' feet. Several boys are laughing as the SEALs joke around with them.
The boys and their coach disappeared after they went exploring the Tham Luang Nang Non cave in northern Chiang Rai province after a soccer game on June 23. Heavy rains flooded the cave, trapping them. They were found by rescue divers Monday night.
A well-located site in Dublin's south inner city with planning permission for a handsome glazed office building is expected to attract considerable attention when it goes for sale from today for more than €4 million.
The site at Grant's Row in Dublin 2 is presently occupied by a vacant third-generation office building and 12 car parking spaces, which have remained unused for a number of years. The owners of the derelict property have now secured full planning permission for the development of an office block extending to 1,007sq m (10,839sq ft).
Kevin Leonard of selling agent Cushman & Wakefield says the planned redevelopment will appeal to companies looking for new Dublin headquarters as well as investors looking for a highly attractive workplace within a short walk of Merrion Square and Grafton Street.
Notable office occupiers in the immediate area include Google, Facebook, Twitter, Stripe and Accenture.
Years & Years Want You To Sign Up For A Palo Santo ID Card (And Get A Surprise With It!)
Have you ever wanted to be a Palo Santo resident? Well, Years & Years are giving you the chance to officially become one, and get a special surprise afterwards!
Years & Years' Palo Santo is a world where androids rule over humans, so why wouldn't you wanna pop down there? If the 'If You're Over Me' video is anything to go by, it'll mean you're a pretty incredible dancer.
Now, Olly, Mikey and Emre are giving you the chance to become an official resident of Palo Santo.
> Olly Alexander Was Told To Hide His Sexuality When Years And Years Got Signed
got ur official Palo Santo ID card yet? head over here to mine your YearCoin and get your card ! we've got some surprises in store for all ID cardholders https://t.co/F1VWNCsQbI pic.twitter.com/VpWJuaZ9A6 — Years & Years (@yearsandyears) May 30, 2018
It's simple, really - all you have to do is mine some YearCoin. (Stick with us, okay?) Years & Years have set up their own site, which allows users to watch the band's latest videos, as well as chat to them on Facebook.
This then allows users to earn enough YearCoin to send encrypted messages to their mates, as well as registering for a Palo Santo ID card, which the band promises will allow them to get some exclusive surprises...
Pic: PA Images
BRB. We're just gan' pack our bags and head on down there ASAP.
> Grab Our App, Because Years & Years Are Hitting The #CapitalSTB And You Can Catch It Here!
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A food's sweet taste, not just its calorie count, determines both how the metabolism reacts and the brain's understanding of its nutritional content, new research suggests.
“Calories are only half of the equation; sweet taste perception is the other half.”
The findings may explain the association between artificial sweeteners and diabetes.
In nature, sweetness signals the presence of energy and its intensity reflects the amount of energy present. When a beverage is either too sweet or not sweet enough for the amount of calories it contains, the metabolic response and the signal that communicates nutritional value to the brain are disrupted, according to the study published in the journal Current Biology.
“A calorie is not a calorie,” says senior author Dana Small, professor of psychiatry at the Yale University School of Medicine.
The new study shows that sweetness helps to determine how calories are metabolized and signaled to the brain. When sweetness and calories are matched, the calories are metabolized, and this is registered by brain reward circuits.
When a “mismatch” occurs, however, the calories fail to trigger the body's metabolism and the reward circuits in the brain fail to register that calories have been consumed.
“In other words, the assumption that more calories trigger greater metabolic and brain response is wrong,” Small says. “Calories are only half of the equation; sweet taste perception is the other half.”
Small noted that many processed foods contain such mismatches—such as a yogurt with low calorie sweeteners.
“Our bodies evolved to efficiently use the energy sources available in nature,” Small says. “Our modern food environment is characterized by energy sources our bodies have never seen before.”
The National Institutes of Health and PepsiCo provided the primary funding for the study.
Source: Yale University
JAKARTA: Jakarta's Christian governor who is standing trial for blasphemy was Wednesday fighting to cling on to his job in a high-stakes election seen as a test of religious tolerance in Muslim-majority Indonesia.
Basuki Tjahaja Purnama faces two prominent Muslim challengers in the race to lead the teeming capital of 10 million, as local elections take place around the country.
But the stakes in the Jakarta vote have been raised by allegations that Purnama, the city's first non-Muslim governor for half a century and its first ethnic Chinese leader, insulted the Koran.
The claims drew hundreds of thousands of conservative Muslims onto the streets of Jakarta in major protests last year, and Purnama has been put on trial in a case criticised as unfair and politically motivated.
He has not been barred from running for re-election but his lead in opinion polls was dented for a period, and the vote is now seen as a test of whether pluralism and a tolerant brand of Islam in the world's most populous Muslim-majority country are being eroded.
“There is a battle between those who promote tolerance and those who promote intolerance,” Ismail Hasani, research director of rights groups Setara Institute, told AFP.
Polls opened at 7:00 am (0000 GMT) and were due to close at 1:00 pm (0600 GMT).
An early vote tally released in the afternoon should give an indication of how the candidates have performed although official results will not be announced until mid-March, and the vote is likely to go to an April run-off.
If Purnama does win the vote and is convicted of blasphemy, which could see him sentenced to up to five years in prison, he would not automatically be barred from holding office and could avoid jail for a long time by filing successive appeals.
Religious and ethnic tensions have made for a dirty race with “fake news” flooding social media, and thousands of security forces were deployed in the capital on election day.
The “fake news” has mainly targeted Purnama, and included claims that a free vaccination programme he backed was a bid to make girls infertile and reduce the population.
Jakarta police spokesman Argo Yuwono said that officers were stationed at polling stations across the city and had not reported any problems in early voting.
“God willing, the election today will go smoothly,” he said.
The governor's opponents are Agus Yudhoyono, the son of a former president, and ex-education minister Anies Baswedan, who also has powerful political backers.
About 100 other local elections will take place on Wednesday but the race in the capital is the most hotly contested, with the top job in Jakarta seen as a stepping stone to victory in the 2019 presidential polls.
Purnama's troubles began in September when he said in a speech that his rivals were tricking people into voting against him using a Koranic verse, which some interpret as meaning Muslims should only choose Muslim leaders.
The controversy is a high-profile example of the religious intolerance that has become more common in Indonesia, where 90 percent of its 255 million inhabitants are Muslim, with a surge of attacks on minorities in recent years.
Purnama, known by his nickname Ahok, won popularity for trying to improve traffic-choked, chaotic Jakarta by cleaning up rivers and demolishing red-light districts, although his combative style and controversial slum clearances sparked some opposition.
His support slipped after the blasphemy controversy erupted but has bounced back and most recent polls show him in the lead, although if the vote goes to a run-off he is seen as likely to lose. AFP
AFP/CC
(globalnews.ca ).-More than seven kilograms of cocaine were found hidden under an airplane's catering carts at Toronto's Pearson International Airport, according to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA).
CBSA officials, couldn't say where the flight originated from, but told NEWSTALK1010, they believed it came from the Carribean.
CBSA officers noticed “anomalies” on the aircraft's food trolleys while searching an unspecified aircraft on Feb. 8.
After an “intensified investigation,” officers discovered seven brick-shaped packages attached to the bottom of the carts, which were wrapped in plastic and contained a white powder.
CBSA said the powder tested positive for cocaine and was turned over to authorities, but would not specify which law enforcement agency was investigating.
RCMP spokeswoman Penny Hermann would not confirm if the national police force was investigating the incident.
CBSA declined to specify which airline's plane the packages were found on or what country the plane originated from.
“CBSA officers are always on the lookout for contraband,” Goran Vragovic, a CBSA regional director general for the Greater Toronto Area said in a release.
“This seizure demonstrates our commitment to Canadians to intercept illegal narcotics and prevent them from hitting the streets of our communities.”
The agency said it seized over 1,569 kilograms of suspected cocaine in the Greater Toronto Area last year.
Anyone with information on suspicious cross-border activity is asked to contact the CBSA Border Watch Toll-free line at 1-888-502-9060.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
The comparisons with Christian Cullen are inevitable, the way Beauden Barrett is lighting up rugby while propelling the All Blacks and Hurricanes to higher levels of attack.
Cullen himself prefers not to compare across eras, although one old teammate was prepared to try.
Former All Black Pita Alatini described both as "freakish" with the speed and instinct to always turn up at the right place. Crucial to their greatness, both beat opponents without changing pace.
Alatini said Barrett had greater range as a player. This included a varied kicking game and ability to float around positions. While not using the term, he indicated Cullen was more one-dimensional in comparison, an out-and-out fullback with amazing finishing ability.
"(Barrett) has an awesome ability to pop up in the right place...it's his intuition, and he works so hard to get there," Alatini told Radio Sport.
"In terms of influence, Barrett has a lot more on a game. And his ability to counter attack from the back is unbelievable.
"Cully had a natural instinct to beat a man and it was his ability to step and stay at the same pace which really got defenders going. But shifting Cully (positions) didn't work. Barrett can take the reins and be the main man.
"You'd give Cully the ball early, stay inside in case he passed, but usually it was never the case because he finished every chance he got. I used to call him crowbar, because he never passed the ball."
Continued below.
Related Content Holiday is over, now more rain forecast with some homes still without power Rugby: Murray Mexted wary of referees ahead of Lions tour following Beauden Barrett yellow cards Video The Vent: Is it fair to compare Barrett to Carter?
Cullen says the British and Irish Lions will face a massive problem trying to contain Barrett.
"How do you stop him? I'm sure the Blues talked about shutting him down, don't give him space. And look what happened?," Cullen said.
"He slips back into that fullback role and lets rip. At the moment he's in great form and hopefully that continues through to this Lions tour.
"There is no substitute for speed and he has plenty of that. You see him running across field, it doesn't look like he's running that fast, but he's just evading people, they think they've got him and he's gone.
"In that try off a scrum (against the Blues), there was vision, timing, decision making. The ball was in the left hand, then in the right, two hands, a dummy, then he found Laumape.
"He's calm under pressure, and obviously has a pretty clear head. I say this in a good way - there's not a lot going on (in over-thinking). One of the good things (at the Hurricanes) is that he doesn't have to worry about the goalkicking now. His brother is good at that. He can just play his game."
Murray Mexted, the former All Black forward and Wellington icon, said "when Barrett is around, things happen in every game".
"We know he has the skills but aside from that, he has the temperament, work rate, decision making, makes instant decision on the ball all the time. You might say he gets a lucky bounce all the time, but if it is all the time it's not luck," said Mexted, who runs a rugby academy.
"He picks up anything loose, gathers it in, it's his lunch, he's feeding off the tiniest mistakes. Sometimes they are not even mistakes - he anticipates and creates opportunities for himself.
"And when a No. 10 attacks the line like that, it creates so many opportunities for backs outside."
- NZ Herald
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK equipment exporter fears for Gulf contracts as Brexit talks near
Construction contractor and home builders
As a client, you will need to understand why a construction service provider believes they are much better than others. Therefore, the business employs a group of highly trained experts working along with you as partner during the whole residential or home construction approach. Alongside trustworthy, the building company should provide reliable services. There are lots of construction companies in market which provide construction services. Effective planning is an essential part of the ongoing project management process. The environmental impact of a job, its scheduling, budgeting, site safety, availability and delivery of quality materials, personnel, logistics, as well as inconvenience to the general public, compliance with local and national standards – these things and countless more all have to be considered. We as professional construction contractors consider this entire factor in our mind. Quick Services Corporation is a diversified infrastructure conglomerate with specialization in house construction, residential construction, construction remodeling, domestic construction and commercial construction. Our projects are proved as landmark for community as well as for Pakistan. Today, the company stands tall in the construction industry of Pakistan as the pioneer of ‘Fast Track' project execution culture.
Vital pieces of construction contractors
Contractors have a tendency to use the least expensive materials and thrown up buildings the moment they can to be able to maximize profits. The contractor has to be in a position to warranty his work and the materials for a minimum of one full calendar year. Another often overlooked tip is to look at a prospective contractor to determine if there's any criminal history. A good and trustworthy general contractor will take some time to know the needs, expectations and necessities of their customers. The organization has years of expertise and ensure 100 percent customer satisfaction to their customers. Should you need contractors for your building project or a new home which you are constructing, you can see a directory or network site that contains several building businesses and suppliers. To begin with, you've got to locate a contractor you can count on. Building contractors keep to the design you need and work with you hand in hand to get the house you'd like. If you think that process could not solve your problem. Then I would like to advice you that just pick up your phone and give us a call. We will pretty please to present a solution that meets your desire.
http://www.quickservices.pk/services/Construction-services-in-Rawalpindi-and-Islamabad
Aviva Drescher would return to the 'Real Housewives' "If they needed somebody and I worked in the mix, I would go back," she told us.
Aviva Drescher says 'Real Housewives' is all acting Former "Real Housewives of New York" star Aviva Drescher sat front row at Carmen Marc Volvo fashion show Tuesday, and she told The Post that she's nothing like the person...
Why all the cool kids are bringing pee strips to bars When you think of pissing contests, two elegant British women analyzing the pH of their urine doesn't spring to mind. But that's exactly how Chantelle Fraser and her bestie, Marie...
Aviva Drescher opens up about leg toss 2.0 Last season on “The Real Housewives of New York,” Aviva Drescher produced one of the series' most memorable moments as she threw her prosthetic limb on the floor, shouting, “The...
Why Aviva Drescher threw her prosthetic leg “I looked at being a Housewife as a job to entertain people, and you know, it was a piece of the entertainment,” she explained.
Former 'Real Housewife' accused of extorting $5K from artist After loaning his artwork to Aviva Dresher for the Bravo show, Artist Matthew Satz claims the housewife is holding his pieces "hostage."
Sonja Morgan: RHONY leg toss was reality TV history “Real Housewives of New York” star Sonja Morgan believes they made “history” when Aviva Drescher's prosthetic leg was thrown across a restaurant. Of the season finale, which didn't stop Drescher...
Flying (fake) leg sparks ‘RHONYC' Season 6 finale If you missed this season's “Real Housewives of New York City,” just know these bickering socialites are still insane and will stop at nothing to prove a point. Enter the...
Sodium cumenesulfonate is a hydrotope compound, which consists of a hydrophilic part and a hydrophobic part, similar to surfactants. These compounds can get dissolved in water. They are available in powder as well as liquid form. There are several advantages of sodium cumenesulfonate. It increases the solubility for less soluble organic matter; lowers the cloud point of aqueous formulated products, effectively promotes the compatibility of various ingredients present in a multicomponent system, and moderates the viscosity of aqueous formulated products. Sodium cumenesulfonate is used as a solubilizer and cloud point depressor in wax cleaners, air mist drilling, laundry washing, drilling fluids, stimulation fluids, anti-caking agents, and coupling agents in powdered detergents.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-cumenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium cumenesulfonate is also used in metal processing applications, oilfield applications, and hydrogen sulfide scavangers. Cost of sodium cumenesulfonate highly depends on the cost of raw materials. Volatilty in raw material prices is likely to hamper the sodium cumenesulfonate market in the near future. Heavy exposure to sodium cumenesulfonate may cause serious irritation of eyes, irritation of respiratory tract if inhaled, and other health hazards. Increasing industrialization and use of household detergents in emerging economies are factors likely to drive the demand for sodium cumenesulfonate during the forecast period.
Based on form, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been classified into powder form and liquid form. However, decline in research and development activities related to sodium cumenesulfonate is likely to hamper the market during the forecast period. The liquid form segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to dominate the market during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20900
Based on application, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been segmented into industrial & institutional, household, oilfield, laundry & cleaning, and others. Use of sodium cumenesulfonate as a detergent and cleaner for household application is growing. The household segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to be a dominant segment during the forecast period. Industrial and institutional is another lucrative segment of the market. It is anticipated to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Growing population leads to rapid increase in industrialization.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
OAKLAND, Calif. — In this corner, the defending champion Golden State Warriors, armed with four All-Stars who could one day be headed for the Hall of Fame.
And in this corner, the Cleveland Cavaliers, armed with LeBron James, unquestionably the best player on the planet, plus an array of players who gather so little public respect they were the ridiculed object of a recent “Saturday Night Live” skit.
And there you have the basic storyline for the historic fourth straight meeting in the NBA Finals of the Warriors, winners of two titles, and the Cavs, the heavy underdogs who hope to repeat their 2016 upset magic, when they bounced a Warriors team that had won a record 73 regular-season games.
“Golden State is one of the best teams I've ever played. It's one of the best teams that's ever been assembled,” said James, who has hoisted the Cavs on his powerful shoulders and carried them past the Pacers, Raptors and Celtics to earn his eighth straight Finals and ninth overall.
“Then they added Kevin Durant. So then what does that do to them? It makes them even more dangerous and even more powerful and great.
“For me as a competitor, it's fun. It's truly fun to know when I'm done playing the game of basketball that I played against some of the greatest teams that ever played, ever been assembled. And this is one of them,” James said, neglecting to mention any of the Knicks teams in the recent Phil Jackson era.
James labeled Durant, Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green as “Hall of Famers.” He also pointed to 2015 Finals MVP Andre Iguodala, a defensive pest against James in past title rounds (“He has very, very quick hands”) who will miss Game 1, at least, with a bruised leg. And there's a lot more.
And lined up against them is James and a crew that SNL chided for being able to help out James in anything that “isn't basketball” — from sweeping up his chalk, to giving him high fives, to still learning the rules, they are there to help.
And that was a notion the Warriors obviously trashed.
“Any time you have a team that's led by somebody who is considered the greatest player of all time or one of them, there's going to be an interesting sort of dynamic with the teammates,” Golden State coach Steve Kerr said.
“We have great respect for the other guys. Kevin Love is an All-Star, perennial All-Star, great 3-point shooter, physical rebounder. Kyle Korver, one of the great shooters of all time. We've seen J.R. [Smith], last time he was in this building he had like 30 points in Game 5 last year.
“We know what these guys can do. You don't get to the Finals with one man, no matter how good that one man is. So we have great respect for the Cavs, their resiliency,” Kerr added. “We're preparing for a lot more than just LeBron.”
Probably because there really is no way to prepare for LeBron.
“He's the Mr. Everything for them. He's been playing amazing the whole regular season and especially in these playoffs to will his team back here,” Curry said of James, who has averaged 34.0 points, 8.8 rebounds and shot 54.2 percent in the postseason.
And so Wednesday's media session became almost an homage to James. If there were just one guys to go up against a team stacked with future Hall of Famers, James is the one.
“Eight straight times to the Finals. The fact he's doing that in the modern era is pretty remarkable,” Thompson said.
Smith, the ex-Knick, raved about James' IQ.
“He shows me it day in and day out, whether it's knowing a play M.J. [Michael Jordan] ran against Phoenix way back in the '90s or a play that he's seen yesterday, his IQ is ridiculous,” Smith said. “He can process things extremely fast on the move while things are happening in certain situations. It's pretty remarkable.”
So maybe the Cavs aren't such great underdogs after all — at least in the mind of James, who suggests maybe there is another level he can reach.
“The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am. So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself,” said James, seeking a fourth title.
“You guys talked about what's your ceiling, and I've always kind of told you guys that I don't really have a ceiling. I want to just try to maximize as much as I can and be as good as I can.”
On Tuesday, thousands of Twitter users were on the edge of their seats as one passenger detailed a blossoming love story sparked by switching seats on an airplane.
If you haven't seen the story of “Plane Bae” / “Hunky Plane Guy” and “Pretty Plane Girl,” follow along this thread below and prepare to be amazed.
Last night on a flight home, my boyfriend and I asked a woman to switch seats with me so we could sit together. We made a joke that maybe her new seat partner would be the love of her life and well, now I present you with this thread. — Rosey Blair (@roseybeeme) July 3, 2018
And because the internet if full of detectives, the identity of “Plane Bae” was discovered to be former pro soccer player Euan Holden. While Euan spent a few years in the Danish league and the lower tiers of English soccer, his brother turns out to be former USMNT player Stu Holden.
Mornin' world 🌎…? You guys are cracking me up with ‘PlaneBae'. Where do I even start the day? Breakfast? — Euan Holden (@EuanHolden) July 4, 2018
Stu is currently covering the World Cup as an analyst for Fox Sports. He couldn't believe that his own brother upstaged him during the biggest month of his media career.
Can't believe that while I'm covering the biggest event of my career #WorldCup⁠ ⁠, I've been upstaged by my brother @EuanHolden falling in love on an airplane. #Planebae #HunkyPlaneGuy — Stu Holden (@stuholden) July 4, 2018
I can't right now…although we do need #PlaneBae World Cup predictions. https://t.co/zBB1EzMjZv — Stu Holden (@stuholden) July 4, 2018
Wait, so he did fall in love? It happened!? When a user asked Stu to clarify the result of his brother's viral love story, Stu played it coy.
I can neither confirm nor deny that rumor — Stu Holden (@stuholden) July 4, 2018
Stu even asked his brother publicly for more details.
The deets are coming soon. I'm on edge of my seat — Stu Holden (@stuholden) July 4, 2018
Euan's Instagram gave the world some clues, though. Note the heart emoji.
Sat here thinking about how different the day would of been if I missed my flight ✈️🌎❤️
Stu needs to give Twitter the inside scoop. Either way, there's no denying that this World Cup is officially the best.
Belarus' gross domestic product rose 0.3 percent year on year in the first quarter of 2017, the National Statistical Committee of Belarus said on Monday in a statement.
The official statistics said in January-March 2017 the volume of industrial production and agricultural production grew 4.3 percent and 1.7 percent respectively compared with January-March 2016, Xinhua wrote.
Compared with the same period of the previous year, investments in fixed assets fell 6.5 percent in January-March 2017, while retail trade turnover fell 1.4 percent.
The Belarusian government expects to increase its GDP by 0.2 percent in the first half of 2017 and by 1.7 percent at the end of the year.
In 2016, Belarus' GDP declined by 2.6 percent.
Harvey Weinstein. John Lasseter. Al Franken. Roy Moore. Matt Lauer. Charlie Rose.
The names represent a sampling of powerful men who in the past two months have been accused of sexual harassment or other inappropriate behavior with women.
The stunning allegations involve a few dozen men around the nation and include those with ties to Sonoma County. Among the latter are Lasseter, a Sonoma Valley resident, and former Social Finance (SoFi) CEO Mike Cagney, who resigned from the online lending company following allegations of a “frat house” culture at the company's Healdsburg offices.
Business attorneys and human resource experts say the avalanche of news is making company workers, supervisors and owners take notice.
“I have a very attentive audience now,” said Linda Higueras, who provides training on the topic of sexual harassment to managers and employees. Higueras, who works for the Personnel Perspective consulting firm in Santa Rosa, said nearly every day, headlines arrive announcing “the fall of yet another legislator, dignitary, celebrity, executive, academic.”
The experts say the time is right for owners and managers to be reminded once more of the need to take steps to prevent sexual harassment and to address any complaints quickly, fairly and thoroughly.
“If left unattended, it always gets worse,” Petaluma employment attorney Jay Putnam said of sexual harassment and bullying.
Companies taken to court on a sexual harassment case can easily face legal bills in the range of $1 million, even if they win, Putnam said. And juries are made up mostly of workers, he said, meaning they hold a “much stronger affinity for the employees” alleging harassment than for the business owners.
Forty-eight percent of women workers in the U.S. say they personally have experienced an unwelcome sexual advance or verbal or physical harassment at work, according to an October poll conducted by NBC News and the Wall Street Journal. Also, 67 percent of male and female workers said they believe sexual harassment occurs in most or almost all workplaces.
The unprecedented wave of sexual harassment reports has spawned “#MeToo,” a movement of women demanding change and gaining attention. Time Magazine has named as its 2017 Person of the Year “The Silence Breakers,” those women who came forward to share stories of sexual harassment and assault.
Among those adding her voice is Sonoma County Supervisor Lynda Hopkins, who wrote a Dec. 3 opinion piece in The Press Democrat sharing her own experiences of sexual harassment.
“Women must speak up and speak up louder than the voices that blame victims or excuse perpetrators,” Hopkins wrote.
Putnam, who represents businesses, said owners have good reasons to take sexual harassment complaints seriously. The first reason is they likely are true.
“The vast majority of these complaints prove to be well founded,” he said.
Higueras said she has encountered cases where there had been a misunderstanding between coworkers or an exaggeration of details. But in 30 years of working on sexual harassment issues, she said, “I have never had one false allegation.”
Even so, the experts said, by their nature, cases of sexual harassment often must overcome two barriers: Workers are reluctant to voice them and supervisors can be reluctant to address them.
For those sexually harassed, “most of the time people aren't willing to come forward with it, because they fear they're going to be fired,” said Robert Ottinger, a San Francisco attorney who represents workers, including those suing SoFi.
Warehousing and logistics sector has been thriving as the spine of industrial activities in India and is enticing significant investor interest in the past few years. Lately, the growth of the sector has accelerated with the launch of strong initiatives like Make in India, National Manufacturing Policy (NMP) and favorable policy regimes allowing 100% Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in e-tailing marketplace, coupled with impending roll-out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Moreover, rapid growth in e-commerce, retail, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG), auto and auto ancillary, chemical and pharmaceutical industries are driving the demand further and hence pushing the enormous warehousing volume growth to next level.
“The organized warehousing sector is poised for an interesting time ahead in the short to medium term, as the envisaged spurt in demand for organized top quality warehousing is expected to exceed available quality supply in major cities across India. Dearth in quality supply and escalating land prices have always remained the woes of large manufacturing companies and e-commerce companies that are constantly expanding their footprint. It is a good time for developers / investors to evaluate this sector to add to quality organized warehousing infrastructure keeping in perspective the latent demand and consolidation/expansion expected post GST roll out”, said Shyam Arumugam, Associate Director, Office Services, Colliers International India.
As per Colliers Research, several international companies are hopeful about the Indian logistics market with announcements of various global players to increase their capacity of transporting goods back and forth from Indian cities. Few companies like FedEx, Kintesu World Express, DHL and TNT have already entered India, through mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures engaged with Indian logistics companies. Recently, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board's (CPPIB) acquisition of a majority stake in IndoSpace, for ~USD500 million, marked the largest industrial and logistics deal in India. We also noted that the e-commerce logistics businesses are highly optimistic on the rise of demand for supply chain services in India and quite a few companies' like Amazon, Delhivery and 4tigo Network Logistics secured infusion of funds on their warehousing activities recently. Also the warehousing occupiers like Amazon and DHL announced plans to expand their warehouses in near future.
With a vision to lift India amongst the top 5 manufacturing destinations in the world by 2020, various government initiatives are dedicating greater focus on setting up superior manufacturing infrastructure in the country. NMP has been framed to increase the share of manufacturing in the country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) from 16% to 25% by 2022. Furthermore, the setting up of clustered developments like National Investment and Manufacturing Zone (NIMZ) by aggregating production units, logistics, public utilities, residential areas and administrative services within the zones at strategic industrial locations, is determined to promote emergence of promising warehousing corridors around respective industrial regions.
Colliers Research further believes that such additional attention is likely to enhance the growth of sectors with competitive advantage in India, such as automobiles, pharmaceuticals, aerospace, shipping, IT hardware & electronics, telecom equipment and employment-intensive industries like textiles and garments, leather and footwear, gems and jewelry and food processing industries. GST is on the cards to act as a key catalyst for the rise of warehousing market in India by eliminating multilayered tax system and state borders, thus creating a common marketplace across the country. GST will also notably reduce the total costs of the logistics industry due to warehouse optimization. At present, most companies have set up multiple small warehouses of ~4,000-10,000 sq ft across the country to save taxes on inter-state movement. On the implementation of GST, the need to have several small warehouses will be reduced and larger consolidated warehouses will be established at strategic locations.
Colliers Research can foresee that besides rapid expansions, the biggest challenge that India's warehousing market would face is the acquisition of a feasible land parcel. Land cost shares the largest component of a warehousing project. While the land price is dependent upon multiple factors like development control regulations, infrastructure development and the best alternate land use, rental values will depend primarily on the connectivity, demand and supply factors in respective cities. It is recommended that warehousing developers acquire land at a feasible cost, as it will be the key when it comes to warehouse investment.
ALLENTOWN, Pa. (AP) — A contractor became trapped underneath a piece of machinery that was being removed from the pressroom of a Pennsylvania newspaper, suffering fatal injuries.
The Lehigh County coroner says the man became trapped at The Morning Call in Allentown on Tuesday afternoon. Crews have been dismantling the printing press after the paper's printing operations moved to Jersey City, New Jersey.
The coroner says the victim is a 32-year-old man from Cape Coral, Florida. His name wasn't immediately released.
The Morning Call reports that newsroom workers heard a loud boom shortly after 5 p.m. The cause of the accident is under investigation.
Advertisement
Publisher and editor Robert York expressed "heartfelt sympathy" to the man's family and says the company is cooperating with authorities. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration has been notified of the contractor's death.
Earlier this week,it was rumored that Kim Kardashian would meet with President Trump at the White House to discuss prison reform. Welp, it looks like it's not just a rumor anymore, because Trump tweeted this photo earlier today.
Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing. pic.twitter.com/uOy4UJ41JF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"Great meeting with @KimKardashian today, talked about prison reform and sentencing," he wrote in the tweet. At first, the speculation was just that she would meet with top White House officials, namely Jared Kushner. It wasn't confirmed whether she would meet Trump or not.
Kim was expected to speak with administration officials about pardoning Alice Marie Johnson, a woman who has served 20 years (of a life sentence) in prison for a nonviolent drug offense. Kim tweeted about the incident last October.
This is so unfair... https://t.co/W3lPINbQuy — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) October 26, 2017
She tweeted this today, also:
Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you 🙏🏼✨ — Kim Kardashian West (@KimKardashian) May 30, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
And last year, she enlisted the help of her legal team to argue for easing the sentence of Cyntoia Brown, a woman who is currently in prison for murdering a man who allegedly used her as a sex slave. She was 16 years old when she was sentenced, but she was tried as an adult.
The entire Kardashian fam has been feeling a little more political lately, it seems. Last month, Kim's sister Kourtney went to Capitol Hill to talk with legislators, aides and reporters about the beauty industry, supporting legislation that would give the FDA the right to investigate and prevent the sales of dangerous cosmetics.
And, in case you forgot, Kanye West met with President Trump himself after the election in 2016, causing an absolute uproar on social media. They were also tweeting back and forth last month.
Follow Emma on Instagram.
So, you've ended up on this article because you're in search of a weed gift. Perhaps this is a little “treat yourself” moment (thanks, Donna and Tom) because you've earned it. Or perhaps you're searching for a present for your favorite pot head. Regardless of whether this is for you or someone else, take a second to consider a few things.
First, what is your budget? Weed gifts can range from a dollar, up to several-thousand bucks (and with the influx of glass art, they can push pretty high up there). Pick a number and stick to it–it's too easy to drop some extra cash that you don't have. Second, what exactly are you looking for? A smoking device, something to enhance the experience, or a downright cool accessory? If you don't know, don't sweat it. That's why I'm here.
As a cannabis expert (they don't call me Beccannabis for nothing), I'm here to bring you weed gifts that stoners actually want. No matter what you choose on this list, you won't be disappointed.
And if you're still struggling after perusing this list of weed gifts, check out these stoner guy and stoner girl gifts, these 420 gifts, smoking gifts, and these straight up creative ones. And if you don't want to drop a ton of cash, give these cheap gifts a go, too.
So without further delay, here are the hands-down best weed gifts for any holiday. Peep it now.
1. Best Weed Gift – Glass: Grace Glass – Straight Ice Bong With Double Barrel Perc
Coming in hot in the “things to smoke out of” category, a glass bong is always a solid weed gift. Because there are so many things to choose from (percs, height, shape, type of downstem, carb hole or not…) it can feel daunting. When it comes to glass pieces, simpler tends to be better–especially if this is a weed gift for someone else, or you've never owned a bong.
Grace Glass is well-known for their insanely high-quality pieces, and this Straight Ice Bong With Double Barrel Perc is no exception. Made with a detachable slitted diffuser, an 18.8 mm joint size, and a straight mouthpiece, it provides super smooth hits. A male joint and flower bowl, make it the perfect bong for dry herb. Plus, there's a splash guard, so you won't have to sample that nasty bong water. A glass bong is always an awesome weed gift.
Give these other bongs a look, if you're not feeling this baby.
Price: $99
2. Best Weed Gift – Pipe: Incredibowl Pipe Mini
I personally own an Incredibowl and it's easily my favorite pipe on the planet. Before acquiring this awesome weed gift, I often used glass spoon pipes. Second to papers, they're one of the most inefficient uses of bud. The Incredibowl, on the other hand, is exceedingly economical for your greens.
Featuring a removable bowl, when placed in the unit, it's front-facing like a chillum. When you light the bud, it filters through a screen, and enters into a shatter-proof chamber. By the time it hits your lungs, it has cooled down significantly. Whether you prefer dry herb or concentrates, the Incredibowl is compatible with both. Available in so many colors, this is truly the perfect weed gift for just about anyone.
Price: $129.99
3. Best Weed Gift – Blunt Wraps: Juicy Jay Blunt Wraps
Blunt wraps are like a godsend. Many of us grew up with Swisher Sweets or White Owls, cutting them open and dumping out the tobacco. While this works, it takes a lot more effort, and is much easier to screw up. So when blunt wraps hit the market, stoners rejoiced.
Juicy Jay is a super well-known name in the rolling paper game. As you could guess, they're backed by the famous rapper. These babies are as flavorful as they come…with tons of varieties you might not have considered. Rather than that harsh tobacco taste when licking them, you'll encounter a delicious flavor. Blunt wraps are always a fantastic weed gift, no questions asked.
Peep these king size blunt wraps, for more choices.
Price: $26.51
4. Best Weed Gift – Lighter: Zippo Matte Lighter
If there's one universal thing you can give to a stoner, it might just be a lighter. Even for the concentrate hounds who love to dab their brains out, a lighter is always great to keep with you. After all, everyone loves smoking a J every once in a while, and boom. Lighter already on-hand.
Zippo, of course, is by far the most well-known company in the lighter industry. They produce high-quality, durable, wind-proof lighters, and this baby is no exception. It comes in loads of different colors and a matte finish (choose whether or not you'd like the “Zippo” logo included). The unit doesn't come with lighter fluid, so grab some here to complete your weed gift.
And if you'd like lighter options, give these models a look.
Price: $14.70 (36 percent off MSRP)
5. Best Weed Gift – Grinder: Herb Grinder With Pollen Catcher
Honestly, as far as as weed gifts go, you really can't go wrong with a grinder. Just like with the above lighter, having a grinder on-hand is just plain helpful. You could always pick apart your greens, but grinding them truly makes your life easier. And, it allows you to collect a little magical thing called kief.
This Herb Grinder With Pollen Catcher has tons of awesome features. First, it doubles as a stash jar, so you can grind up a bunch of greens at once. And if you want to remove the storage portion, it easily transforms into a four-piece grinder. Razor sharp teeth grind your bud into the perfect pile of fluffiness, and kief collects in the bottom chamber. Give the weed gift of grinding.
Interested in other weed grinders? Peep these grinder cards and herb grinders.
Price: $29.97
6. Best Weed Gift – Vaporizer: PAX 3 Vaporizer
There are many ways to intake cannabis into your body. You can use common methods like glass and papers, but there are also vaporizers. In a nutshell, vaporizers heat your bud through convection or conduction heating, thus removing smoke. It's a far healthier way to inhale weed.
As far as weed gifts go, this is the luxury class. The Pax 3 vaporizer is an incredible piece, compatible with both concentrates and dry herb. It allows you to vape in four different modes, each with different settings for varying situations. Heating up in 15-20 seconds, it's one of the fastest times in the market. Choose from three different colors, and add on a case to keep this amazing weed gift safe. (Want more info on the Pax 3? Check out my in-depth review here!)
And for more awesome vaporizers, make sure you peep these portable ones, as well as these dab pens.
Price: $274.99
Buy the PAX 3 Vaporizer here at Vapor4Life and enter promo code Heavy for 10 percent off your order, plus free shipping.
Pax recently redid the way they sell the unit. You can now choose to purchase solely the device for $199.99. But, if you'd like to buy the whole set-up, including concentrate inserts, a multi-tool, screens, and a protective pouch, you can snag it for $249.99.
Price: $199.99 – $249.99
7. Best Weed Gift – Dab Rig: Snoop Dogg Pounds Spaceship Vapor Bubbler
When it comes to toking on some cannabis, there are two ways to do so: With flower, and with concentrates. Flower is the green herb you associate with the plant. Concentrates, on the other hand, are a potent form of the plant that's gone through an extraction process with a solvent, like CO2 or butane. Also known as dabs, concentrates require special equipment.
So if you know the person you're purchasing this weed gift for enjoys dabs, then I highly recommend this dab rig. Backed by Snoop Dogg himself, this Spaceship Vapor Bubbler is made from thick, quality borosilicate glass. It features a narrow mouthpiece, bent neck, and fixed showerhead diffusor downstem, to create the smoothest of hits. As far as weed gifts go, this baby is A1.
In order to dab, you need something called a dabber. Grab one here, to make it the ultimate weed gift.
Price: $219.99
8. Best Weed Gift – Stash Bag: Locking Stash Bag with Odor Control
You can make a stash box of just about anything. Shoebox? Yep. Plastic container? Of course. Old cigar box? You got it. The list goes on-and-on. But, the one thing all of these homemade stash boxes lack is odor-free properties. That's to say, they don't contain the smell very well.
The Locking Stash Bag with Odor Control fixes that issue entirely. In addition to being smell-resistant, it also comes with odor absorbing packets, a charging port, and a strain journal. Plus, you can lock all of your goodies safely inside, with a programmable combination lock. Available in two colors (black and beige). Give the weed gift of being smell-free.
Looking for something different? Check out these portable stash jars, and stash boxes.
Price: $69
9. Best Weed Gift – Extractor Machine: Magical Butter Botanical Extractor
In order to intake cannabis into your body, it doesn't just have to be through your lungs. Instead, you can absorb it through your digestive tract. To do so, you must consume edibles. Edibles are food that has been infused with oil or cannabutter. You can make both of these products at home, by hand. But, it's infinitely easier to use an extractor machine.
I want to thank the team over at Magical Butter for sending me a Magical Butter Botanical Extractor. It's hands-down the best time I've had making cannabutter. It's as simple as decarboxylating the cannabis, adding in the butter (I'm allergic to casein and have to use dairy-free butter, and it works just as well as the “regular” kind!), hitting a few buttons, and waiting.
From there, I had to separate the herb from the butter. With the provided PurifyFilter and LoveGlove, I was able to squish out every last drop of butter into the molds. After an overnight stint in the fridge, it was ready to go. No questions asked, I highly recommend this as a weed gift.
Price: $174.95
10. Best Weed Gift – Smoke Filter: Smoke Buddy Personal Air Filter
Cannasseurs, as a general rule of thumb, prefer to purchase cool things for themselves….at the sacrifice of potential necessities. Those necessities being ways in which to cover up smoke. Yeah, Febreze covers up the smell, but it doesn't get rid of it. “Catching” the smoke with a filter is the best way to do so.
The Smoke Buddy Personal Air Filter is easily the best weed gift for elimination of smoke. It contains most of the smell, making everyone in the surrounding area happy. Pair this odor-removing spray with the the use of the Smoke Buddy, and the air is bound to be much less odiferous.
And don't forget to pair the Smoke Buddy with other smell-reduction methods, like these innovative ideas, or these smoke-eliminating ideas.
Price: $11.65 (42 percent off MSRP)
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers. Follow all local laws in your area.
firefighters have dealt with almost 65 gorse fires within two weeks, prompting concerns that it was stretching resources.
Fire crews from Portadown and Lurgan have been called out a total of 64 times solely to tackle gorse fires.
A spokesperson for the NI Fire and Rescue Service said from Monday 18 June to 3 July at 16:45 they had responded to sevenincidents involving grassland or gorse in the Portadown Station Area and 57 in Lurgan Station Area:
Arsonists have been blamed for the spike in gorse and grass fires in Craigavon, leaving fire crews working ‘flat out'.
SDLP representative Thomas Larkham said many of the fires, including recent ones at the Brownlow Rescource Centre, had been started deliberately.
The Craigavon man claimed fire crews said they had no sooner finished getting one fire out than they were tasked to another close by.
“I am urging those responsible to stop and think of the consequences of their actions,” he said.
Sinn Féin Cllr Fergal Lennon also called on those lighting grass fires across the Craigavon area to cease immediately.
He said: “A number of grass fires have been lit around Ardowen and Rathmore.
“One almost set the Resource Centre beside Brownlow Library on fire.
“Those responsible should cease immediately before lives are lost and property is destroyed.”
Aditi Spills The Beans
"It felt so amazing that she (Jaya Bachchan) had suggested my name to him. I have never had that kind of support or backing in the industry.
So, when people who I love and respect so much stand up for me, or encourage and appreciate me, it means a lot," Hydari told PTI in an interview.
What Prompted Mrs Bachchan To Suggest Her Name?
Asked if she knows what prompted Jaya Bachchan to suggest her name, Aditi Rao Hydari said she read it in newspapers that it was her eyes which impressed the senior actor.
How Sweet Is That!
"When you get a blessing you don't ask questions. She did mention (the reason) why to Sanjay sir, but I read somewhere that she said there is some purity in my eyes and 'noor' on my face," she said.
Aditi Is Happy With The Response
As Mehrunissa, the actor played the perfect antithesis to Ranveer Singh's aggressive portrayal of Khilji.Describing her character as the perfect "yin to Ranveer's yang", the 31-year-old actor said she completely followed Bhansali's vision and is overwhelmed with the response she has received.
Aditi On Her Character
"The girl is beautiful inside out. She speaks very little but there is a beautiful layering to her character where she is vulnerable, delicate, but there is strength, dignity," she said.
"Khilji has a towering presence, he is temperamental, intimidating, but she has the courage to look him in the eyes and tell him the truth. I loved that about the character," Hydari said.
Why Aditi Chose Padmaavat Despite Having A Small Role?
"Padmaavat" is based on the saga of the historic 13th century battle between Maharaja Ratan Singh played by Shahid Kapoor and his army of Mewar and Sultan Khilji of Delhi.
While the film has three principal characters - Ranveer Singh, Shahid Kapoor and Deepika Padukone - jostling for her own space was not an issue for Hydari, who said she does not look at films by the length of her role.
Aditi On Shahid & Deepika
"I derive a lot of inspiration and strength. Like there was a scene with Shahid and Deepika, I really respect and admire them as people and actors.
I have immense faith in the directors I work with, that they have put me there (in the film) for a reason and they will bring out the best in me.
I don't think about anything else (referring to length of role). It's possibly a very naive way of looking at things," she said.
20 Great Gifts For Star Trek Fans Here are 20 Star Trek-themed gifts, each of which cost under $25, which are sure to make your Trekkie, Trekker or more casual Star Trek fan smile.
Best Ways To Celebrate Cinco De Mayo In MinnesotaCinco de Mayo, or the fifth of May, is a celebration of Mexican culture. And the festivities are lively throughout Minnesota! Here are some of the best ways to soak up the sights, sounds and delicious food and drink of Mexico on May 5th.
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it doesn't get much better for he and his Titans teammates: First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees.
"Just having two legends as coaches on the defence, man, I was blessed," Byard said.
Now, what the Titans' defence with look like under Pees, that remains somewhat a mystery. Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many, if any, details right now. Oh, there's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages.
But that's about as much as Pees is willing to share.
"I'd like to be more little more precise, but I really don't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we're doing," Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency.
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota. Even though the Titans were the AFC's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks, they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence.
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run, they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL. They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season. The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass, giving up 239.3 yards per game, and 17th in points allowed. Despite Byard intercepting eight passes, Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league.
With Pees last season, Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game. The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game.
Pees, 68, has spent the last 14 of his 45 years as a coach in the NFL. But he hasn't talked with LeBeau, someone he's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach. The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning his new players and installing his defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday.
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan, now on his fifth head-coach with this franchise, said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base. Each coach uses different language to describe plays, and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge.
With the Trump administration vowing to tighten rules for skilled workers entering the United States, India's software services companies are worried. Indian IT giants outsource tens of thousands of tech specialists to the United States each year, and limiting the visa program that brings them in could disrupt their multibillion-dollar industry.
Congress and the White House have targeted what is arguably the most coveted of U.S. visas: the H1-B. It's "a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer," explains Stephen Yale-Loehr, a Cornell University immigration law professor.
Yale-Loehr says that with the economy picking up, the program is in particularly big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring highly skilled workers to the U.S. filed 236,000 petitions that went into a lottery for just 85,000 H1-B visas, the legal cap. The bulk of the winners: Indian computer specialists, many of them graduates of U.S. universities.
Yale-Loehr says that places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent, but that the United States doesn't.
"We have to shoehorn high-tech workers into categories like the H1-B, and it's getting more difficult every year," he says.
Indeed, newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H1-B program.
Indian software services firms last year earned 60 percent of their $108 billion in export revenues from the U.S. Their executives will travel to Washington this month to lobby against measures that take aim at one of India's most successful industries.
One bill proposes more than doubling the minimum wage of H1-B holders, which by law is set at $60,000. Critics argue the H1-B has been misused to displace American workers, and that there has been an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheaper.
Shailesh Chitnis, with the data mining and analysis company Compile, says that while the median salary for all H1-B holders is $71,000, most but not all Indian outsourcers pay below that. If they had to double salaries, Chitnis says, Indian IT companies would have to change their 20-year-old business model.
"Because these organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs — it would simply be too expensive," he says. "They'll have to look at some other alternatives."
But Shevendra Singh with India's National Association of Software Services Companies, or NASSCOM, refutes allegations that Indian companies are dislocating American workers or supplying low-paid labor. Singh says there is demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent because of a severe shortage of qualified Americans with degrees in science, technology, engineering and math.
"The crux of the issue is the STEM skill shortage in the U.S.," Singh says.
In its 2012 report, the U.S. president's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that "fewer than 40-percent of students who enter college intending to major in a STEM field complete a STEM degree." The council concluded that in the next decade, economic forecasts point to a need to produce "approximately 1 million more college graduates in STEM fields than expected under current assumptions."
R. Chandrashekhar, president of NASSCOM, says that if the skills aren't available in the U.S. — and companies can't bring workers in — the jobs either won't get done or they will go out of the country and be done remotely.
"Talent has become more important than investment or trade," he says. "And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing."
Chandrashekhar notes that the intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley, and says protectionist impulses could weaken the United States, and what makes it unique.
"America is No. 1," Chandrashekhar says. "What has really helped them to rise, absolutely, to the top, is that they have attracted talent from across the world. ... It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through."
Immigration expert Yale-Loehr, co-author of a 21-volume treatise on immigration law, agrees that the United States faces a crisis in maintaining its innovative and competitive edge, and says it should be inviting more, not less, IT talent to its shores.
"In a globalized economy, the best and the brightest want to work in the best places — and if they're unable work in the United States, or it takes too long or is too difficult, they'll find a place in Canada or Europe or India where their talents can be appreciated," he says.
If implemented, Yale-Loehr says the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H1-B program but likely have no direct, immediate impact.
However, he says "it sends a strong signal that we no longer like foreign workers — we're all about only U.S. workers."
That, Yale-Loehr says, is eventually going to hurt the U.S.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit NPR
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In India, tech companies are worried that the Trump administration is preparing to limit visas for foreign skilled workers. A huge number of those visas called H-1Bs are held by Indians, but Congress and the White House say the program could be a threat to American jobs. From New Delhi, NPR's Julie McCarthy has more.
JULIE MCCARTHY, BYLINE: In the alphabet soup of U.S. visas, the H-1B is arguably the most coveted.
STHEPHEN YALE-LOEHR: An H-1B visa is a kind of temporary work visa that allows professionals from other countries to work in the United States for a designated U.S. employer.
MCCARTHY: Cornell immigration law professor Stephen Yale-Loehr says the program is in big demand. Last year, U.S. companies that sought to bring high-skilled workers to the states filed 236,000 petitions that went to a lottery that drew just 85,000 H-1B visas. The bulk of the winners - Indian computer specialists, many graduates from U.S. universities. Yale-Loehr says places like Europe and Australia have special visas to attract such talent.
YALE-LOEHR: We don't, and so we have to shoehorn those high-tech workers into existing categories like the H-1B. And it's getting more difficult every year.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Newly introduced legislation in Congress and drafts of executive orders reportedly circulating in the Trump White House would tighten the H-1B program. The stakes are high for Indian IT firms. Using H-1Bs, they earn tens of billions of dollars each year outsourcing tech talent to the U.S. One bill proposes doubling the minimum wage of H-1B holders.
Critics say there's an incentive to prefer Indian IT workers because they are cheap. Analyst Shailesh Chitnis says if the median salary for all H-1B holders is $71,000, several - not all - Indian outsourcers pay slightly below that. And if they had to double salaries, he says Indian IT companies would have to change their business model.
SHAILESH CHITNES: These organizations are not going to be bringing in people at $120,000 to fill those jobs. It would simply be too expensive. They'll have to look at some other alternatives.
MCCARTHY: India's IT executives refute allegations that Indians are displacing American workers. There is a demand in the U.S. for Indian technical talent, they argue, because of a severe shortage of Americans with degrees in science, engineering and math. The president of the group representing Indian software services companies, R. Chandrashekhar, says talent has become more important than investment or trade.
R. CHANDRASHEKHAR: And those who consciously cut themselves off from the global supply chains of talent are depriving themselves of a good thing.
MCCARTHY: Chandrashekhar notes that intermingling of American and Indian ingenuity helped build Silicon Valley and says protectionist impulses would weaken the U.S. and what makes it unique.
CHANDRASHEKAR: America is number one. What has really helped them to rise absolutely to the top is that they have attracted talent from across the world, from every corner of the world. And that's what has made them who they are. It would be really a pity if that was reversed without thinking it through.
MCCARTHY: Immigration expert Stephen Yale-Loehr says if implemented, the draft executive order would initiate a review of the H-1B program and likely have no direct immediate impact.
YALE-LOEHR: But it sends a strong signal that we'd no longer like foreign workers. We're all about only U.S. workers. That is eventually going to hurt us.
MCCARTHY: Indian IT executives travel to Washington this month to lobby against the measures that take aim at one of India's most competitive businesses. Julie McCarthy, NPR News, New Delhi. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
On the day before pitchers and catchers were to report to the Mariners camp in Peoria, Arizona, Felix Hernandez arrived Tuesday and proclaimed himself ready to improve upon his down season of 2016. Hernandez, who said he weighs 224 pounds after co
A Hungarian man who left his teenage girlfriend a wheelchair-bound paraplegic when he crashed his car has been jailed for eight months.
Despite the jail term handed to 28-year-old Beres Szaboles at Newtownards Crown Court, he will soon be free as he has already served the equivalent while on remand.
Jailing Szaboles and imposing a five-year driving ban, Judge Piers Grant paid tribute to the courage and determination of his then girlfriend Anastasia Kravstova who sustained horrific injuries in the car crash.
Reminding the court that no sentence he could impose was a measure of her worth, the judge said it was clear from the reports before him that 19-year-old Miss Kravstova is “a remarkable, stoic and courageous young woman who does everything to live with her disability and to make the best of her clearly very difficult life and she is to be commended for that”.
On the morning his trial was due to start last month Szaboles, with an address at Hillfoot Crescent in Ballynahinch, pleaded guilty to causing her grievous bodily injury by driving carelessly on the Magheraknock Road in the town in March 2015.
Ms Kravstova suffered multiple injuries in the one-vehicle accident and has been left in a wheelchair as a result.
Before he was initially charged, Szaboles fled NI but was detained in Copenhagen on February 12 under a European Arrest Warrant obtained by the PSNI.
In court on Wednesday, Judge Grant said Miss Kravstova was the front seat passenger in Szaboles' MG ZT car.
Driving conditions were ideal in that the road was dry and fairly straight but with a number of crests said the judge, adding that it was as he came over one of those crests that Szaboles lost control.
Judge Grant told the court that according to a report from a forensic expert, Szaboles' car swerved as he tried to regain control but it impacted the verge, causing it to flip into a field where it ended up on its roof on top of a chicken coop.
He said the “central feature” in deciding the appropriate sentence was the quality of Szaboles' driving, adding that even death being caused does not of itself justify a prison sentence and in this case, there were no aggravating factors.
He said Szaboles has expressed “real remorse,” was deserving of “full credit” for pleading guilty and for his almost clear criminal record.
The judge revealed that Szaboles, who holds dual Hungarian and Romanian nationality, has a previous conviction for the “attempted homicide” of his own father.
In 2008, a court in Budapest handed Szaboles an 18-month prison sentence but suspended it for four years. Judge Grant told the court that offence arose as a result of Szaboles protecting his daughter from her grandfather who had “flown into an alcohol-fuelled rage”.
Sainsbury's, Britain's second biggest supermarket group which agreed a £7.3 billion ($9.7 billion) takeover of rival Asda in April, saw sales growth slow in its latest quarter, reflecting price cuts in a competitive market.
The firm said on Wednesday retail like-for-like sales, excluding fuel, rose 0.2 per cent in the 16 weeks to June 30th, its fiscal first quarter.
That was ahead of analysts' average forecast for a fall of 0.1 per cent but below growth of 0.9 per cent in the previous quarter.
“The headline numbers reflect the level of price reductions we have made in key areas like fresh meat, fruit and vegetables since March,” said chief executive Mike Coupe.
“Our price position has improved and customers have responded well, resulting in a continuation of the improved volume trend we saw in the second half of last financial year.”
Total retail sales rose 0.8 per cent, excluding fuel.
According to the most recent industry data and company updates Sainsbury's has seen the weakest trading among Britain's big four grocers, which also includes market leader Tesco and number four Morrisons.
Shares in Sainsbury's have risen 32 per cent so far this year on the back of deal to buy Walmart owned Asda, which is currently being probed by Britain's regulator, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).
The deal would see the combined group overtake Tesco as Britain's biggest grocer.
The CMA's probe is expected to be lengthy and Sainsbury's does not anticipate the deal being concluded until he second half of 2019.
Sainsbury's said on Wednesday it has agreed a financing package of £3.5 billion for the deal.
“The market remains competitive. However, we have the right strategy in place and our proposal to combine Sainsbury's and Asda will create a dynamic new player in UK retail,” said Coupe. - Reuters
General Secretary of the opposition People's Progressive Party (PPP), Bharrat Jagdeo Wednesday night accused government of misleading Guyanese that genuine consultations would have been held first before deciding the fate of the bankrupt Guyana Sugar Corporation (Guysuco).
Jagdeo said United States-based Guyanese Brian Wesley Kirton was authorised before the consultations to search for investors in Guysuco,
“This was before they invited us to the perfunctory, the cursory consultations they called on the 30th of December and invited us to meet on the 31st of December to discuss the sugar industry and then they called in February the day before and invited us to another meeting and they closed the consultation but this authorisation was issued before any consultation and before they had said they had settled on the future of the industry,” Jagdeo said.
However, Kirton Wednesday night rubbished Jagdeo's claims. “I don't think the government is misinforming or misleading the opposition. I don't think is that at all. What the government is doing is moving on parallel fronts.
In the event that privatisation becomes the option that they use, whether in whole or in part, then they won't be at the last minute be looking for investors,” Kirton told Demerara Waves Online News.
Addressing a public meeting at Enmore, East Coast Demerara to commemorate the slaying of five sugar workers by colonial police on June 16 1948 during a protest, the former Guyanese leader read the authorisation dated November 16, 2016 and signed by Minister of State, Joseph Harmon authorising an emissary to discuss the partial or total sale of the state-owned corporation with potential investors.
“The Government of Guyana hereby authorises Mr. Brian Wesley Kirton to engage in discussions on its behalf with interested companies/ parties regarding their possible interest in acquiring the Guyana Sugar Corporation (GUYSUCO) in whole or in part and to facilitate the arrangements for negotiations between Government and interested parties/ companies,” states the letter.
When contacted by Demerara Waves Online News, Kirton confirmed that he has been authorised, but rejected Jagdeo's claim that Guyanese have been misled. However, Kirton disagreed with Jagdeo that Guyanese had been duped into believing that there would have been consultations.
“I don't think the government is misleading anybody. The government, as I understand it, is looking at all options of which privatisation is one and we have been engaging some companies from various parts of the world,”
The letter of authorisation was issued to Kirton about one month after the Guysuco Commission of Inquiry Report
was handed over by Commission Chairman, Vibert Parvattan to then Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Agriculture. By the end of December, 2016, government had announced the establishment of a cabinet sub-committee to consult and share documents with the two sugar unions and the PPP on the future of the industry. It was at the first meeting that government had floated proposals to sell off a number of a number of Guysuco's estates and shed non-core operations like drainage and health services. By May 8, 2017 government formally announced the closure of several factories and estates and set an annual target of 147,000 tonnes of the sweetener.
The Guyana government's authorisation states that Kirton can “share any and all information and documentation, including proprietary information required by interested parties to determine their interest in entering into negotiations with the Government of Guyana.”
The Opposition Leader slammed government for engaging in a “show” that they were listening to the Guyana Agricultural and General Workers Union and the PPP in determining Guysuco's future. “They had already made a decision on the entire industry and this exposes the duplicity of this government. It cannot be trusted. It never negotiates in good faith,” he said.
Jagdeo said despite the APNU+AFC coalition's electoral promises that it would not have destroyed the sugar industry, it came to power with a notion that it had to dismantle the industry despite the consequences for Guyana and the industry's behaviour.
The former Guyanese leader said the David Granger-led administration has failed to say what it would do with the 10,000 direct workers and their families- a total of 50,000 persons- who would lose their jobs when factories and estates are closed.
In addition to the already closed Wales Estate, Skeldon and Enmore will be closed. Production, he said, would be limited to Albion, Blairmont and Uitvlugt Estates. The State Paper on Guysuco states that Albion and Rose Hall estate's cultivation will be amalgamated and will result in the closure of the Rose Hall factory at the end of 2017 with some of the lands being made available for diversification.
Crusaders defender Craig McClean has joined Ards.
The right-back, who won three Irish Premiership medals at Seaview, is among six new signings at manager Colin Nixon's club.
They have also signed Mark Kelly, Kym Nelson, Sean Noble, Eamon McAllister, while Michael Kerr has signed on loan from the Crusaders.
Meanwhile, Michael Ruddy, Nathan Hanley and Luke Kelly have left the club.
How does one achieve longevity in public service? For Senator Richard “Dick” Gordon, who at 72 years old has devoted over half his life to government and humanitarian en­deavors, it has all to do with one's roots.
Born to an American father who passionately chose to become Filipino and serve the Filipino, and a mother who genuinely had a heart for the poor, Gordon witnessed very early on compelling examples and inspirations of patriotism, courage, empathy and action, which he took with him the very day he began his public life.
Born to James Leonard Gordon [who served as the second municipal mayor of Olongapo and its first when the town became a city]and Amelia Juico [a businesswoman and philanthropist who also became city mayor in the late ‘60s], Gordon first set foot on the political path when he was elected as the youngest delegate to the 1971 Constitution Convention. He was still pursuing Law at the University of the Philippines at that time and the experience steeled in him the paradigm his parents had always lived out—that the relationship of the citizen to the state is defined not simply by his rights but equally by his obligations.
Armed with firsthand knowledge on what every Filipino's life should be, he ran for Mayor of Olongapo City in 1986 and won the people's mandate. In the same year he was elected governor of the Philippine Red Cross, and wholeheartedly welcomed the added responsibility to be able to come to the aid of communities, towns and even entire provinces, when disasters strike.
In the face of dramatic unemployment in his city with the removal of the US Naval Base in neighboring Subic, he is one of the people who pushed for the creation of the Subic Bay Metropolitan Authority (SBMA) in 1992 and became its founding chairman. He led and achieved the most successful base conversion in the region, duly recognized by international media.
Always willing to serve the country in whatever capacity he is needed, Gordon also accepted the Tourism Secretary portfolio from 2001 to 2004, and successfully introduced the concept of branding at the agency to market the country around the world with the iconic “Wow Philippines” campaign.
At the end of his appointment under the Arroyo government, he won a Senate seat in 2004, authoring major laws, most of which aimed to dramatically transform the political and economic landscape of the Philippines.
In 2010, he ran for the highest position in the land, and while he lost his bid to Benigno Aquino 3rd, the recent 2016 elections showed the Filipinos' trust and confidence in his track record with an overwhelming fifth-place win among 12 Senate seats.
Now nearing his fifth decade in public service, Senator Richard Gordon sat down with The Sunday Times Magazine, and generously talked about what keeps him going in what is certainly a demanding and challenging life as an elected official.
In this one-on-one interview at his Senate office, he is surrounded by a picture of his parents, alongside images of the courageous Lapu-Lapu, the chivalrous figure in Spanish literature Don Quixote, and memorabilia from historic events in the Philippines—all daily reminders of the examples he should continue to pursue and his enduring responsibility to the flag and its people.
“As you can see, my family and roots are very important to me,” he told The Sunday Times Magazine. “They're why I'm still here to this very day.”
In the following Q&A, the accomplished senator talks more about his vocation, what keeps him ticking, and how he hurdles the difficulties and controversies of public life to fulfill this noble and intrinsic mission for as long as he can.
Can you talk more about your parents and how they inspired you?
They were simple folks who were outstanding. My mother was a high school graduate; my father finished first year college. When the war broke out they got married and made themselves independent. They started a business and they came big.
They weren't landowners; they were entrepreneurs, but beyond that God had been good to them in terms of rewarding their work ethic. They shared with the poor and the vulnerable. My mother adopted hundreds of babies and raised them. Up to now, whenever I go to General Santos, somebody will approach me and say, “I was adopted by your mother.” Some of them are already abroad and many of them have done well.
My father, on the other hand, died for this country. Although he was born an American—he's a meztiso—he chose to be Filipino.
With that you have to know your roots and work hard with what you've been given. They showed me that you've got to give back and you should have a cause bigger than you—that cause is humanitarianism.
So really, what keeps me going are these simple things my parents taught me—to love my country, to help the needy, and to aim high and work for them with a good work ethic and values.
You've had a very colorful career in public service, and each time, you clearly had the goal of making a mark be it as Olongapo's mayor, Red Cross governor, SBMA founder and senator. What are you most proud of in all these duties you pursued?
Like I said, my parents taught me to aim high. I've loved and love all the jobs I had, and each one has a highlight.
The first is changing Olongapo from “Sin City” to “Model City” by raising police accountability through ID systems, proper health and sanitation, waste management and the strict observance of color-coding in public transport.
There were great times in Subic, and great times too in Tourism. The Philippines was placed on the international tourism map by actively marketing the Philippines in tourism expositions and road shows using the campaign Wow Philippines.
When I entered the Red Cross wala kaming pera [we didn't have any money]. At the Red Cross I used my assets—I used my PDAF [Priority Development Assistance Fund]. I built the building of the Red Cross; I got the ship of the Red Cross; we have 140 ambulances now. Akala ng iba blood lang eh [people think it's just a blood bank but]we have built 80,000 homes already after [Typhoon] Haiyan alone and another 65,000 in other places.
You know, if God gives you an opportunity, you suck the nectar out of it. Nothing good is easy to get, you have to work hard for it. [The word] “hard” is not in my vocabulary—you need to have persistence.
How do you juggle your time being Senator and Chairman of Red Cross?
I'm chairman but I'm a volunteer. I don't get paid but I enjoy it on top of my work as Senator because it's a cause. It reinforces my life and makes me happy. I'm not trying to show anyone I'm a goody-goody, I enjoy it because of the meaning it gives me.
I've been with the Red Cross for more than 50 years now. My mother and my father both worked there too. They built the first blood bank in Olongapo and I modeled its four-storey building. My life has been like that.
You do things not because you want to be seen doing it. You should have persistence, work hard and never be satisfied. I am happy God has given me the strength in any undertaking I've had and I've done well.
You ran for Senator in 2004, President in 2010, and then again for Senator in 2016. What made you decide to return to the Senate? Did you feel you had unfinished goals in the Upper House?
When I ran for president, I don't think I had enough people really believed that I could win because I had no money [to fund my campaign]. ‘Gusto ko sa kanya pero sayang lang ang boto ko kasi hindi siya mananalo.' [I want him as president but I won't waste my vote because he won't win without the money]. So that's what happened.
The Senate, on the other hand, is a present and a future tense. You need experience here and that's your past tense. A Senator is a senior statesman and he must have seen a lot of things in the country's history. The Senate is not for newbies; you have to earn your right to be there. So [in 2016]lot of my friends told me I have to come back because I am needed for the future. But I didn't believe that and said I would contribute [to society]anyway wherever I am. But do I believe it now? Yes I do!
There are many who admire you on how you handle the hearings of your committee chairmanship, such as the Dengvaxia issue. And yet there are others who accuse you of putting up a “one-man show.” What do you have to say to them?
In the Blue Ribbon committee, every time I pursue an investigation, they're always in aid of legislation. And I try very hard to do my job the best way to the point that I have been criticized many, many times. They say I dominate, and of course I dominate! I am a prosecutor in the Blue Ribbon. You have to find out who is doing wrong. And if the other Senators do their homework, I let them speak. But it's got to be on point. In fact, if they did their homework, they can speak longer than me as long as they can prosecute continuously. If somebody does that and he's doing well, as Chairman, I'll tell them, go ahead.
What is important is to be able to show the public your timeline—where the investigation is going—because that's how you know how to search for the truth. You have to do your homework, and you have to admit, ang dami kong nahuli [I caught many guilty parties and irregularities].
Yung iba kasi tinanong na tatanungin pa ulit, dadating para lang makita sa TV na nagtatanong. [There are some who ask questions that have already been tackled just to be seen on TV]. Yun ang nakikita na nangyari nung wala pa ako sa Senado [In the past, that's what happened in hearings when I wasn't back in the Senate] and I don't want that to happen anymore because there has to be a heuristic notion to get to the bottom of the issue.
While I'm there I am a lawyer, I am trying to get the guy who is obviously lying and kung bibitawan ko mawawala yung [and if I let him go I will lose]momentum. So patawarin na lang ako ng tao [so I just have to ask the people's forgiveness]because when I'm there, it's me lawyering for the people of this country because that's my task in the Blue Ribbon. These cases are complicated. Hindi lang basta basta yan.
If you don't want me for Senator, fine. The position is not mine, I just borrowed it. But when I am there, I am going to do my best to serve the country. And when you don't like it, sorry, I did not meet your expectations. But I just want to be judged on the merit of my work. I cannot please everybody, but the important thing is, am I sincere in trying to find out the truth? Yes. Do I work hard? Oh yes! And my staff, they work hard too. Everybody has to work as a team. That's the story behind the story.
Do you see yourself running for President again?
I will do what God wants me to do. God is right here in my conscience. And when God says you have to make a decision, you have to make it. He's not going to make it for you.
You know why I ran for president in 2010? Alam kong napakalakas ni Noynoy, namatay ang nanay eh [I knew then Nonoy would be difficult to beat. His mother, former President Aquino just died]. How can I beat that? I didn't even have the money to buy time.
But when it came to the debates, talo sila [I beat them]. Maybe hindi nakita ng marami [not many people saw the debates]. They didn't see kung sino ang may laman yung sinasabi [who talked with substance]. That's what's needed to get the job done. But it's better that you fought hard instead of giving up because in fighting hard, your rivals will respect you. But if you give in, they will never.
How do you want the Filipino people to remember you?
I will make sure they remember me because I will write a book [laughs].
How I want to be remembered? Do I want to be remembered? It's up to them. It's a very weak person who cannot recognize the merit of a man. And he's a weak man when he tries very hard to be recognized. Remember, acta non verba—actions not words. You should let your actions speak for themselves.
How does a multi-tasking man like Dick Gordon unwind at the end of a busy day?
First of all, your busyness will always amount to something. My office is the last to leave here in the Senate. I don't think I am inconsiderate and I think I have a good team. You've got to keep everybody on their toes. Like I say, I was blessed with the five “Fs” —I have focus, I am fast, friendly, flexible and forward-looking. I lead my team to be that way.
I read when I have spare time. I watch television. Most of the time when I go to hearings I am five or 10 minutes late, but when I start, it goes on and on. That's why I have the longest hearings here in the Senate.
How do you make time for family?
Recently I went to the confirmation of my grandchild. If my daughter asked me if I can go, I will go. She asked if I could speak before the class and I said I would if I can be there. Of course, my wife complains all the time, but I try.
It's my wife who suffers when I have little time for the family, but that's part of this life.
I love my wife, and even if I have my short comings, we're really, really happy together.
COVER PHOTO BY RUSSELL PALMA
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has come under pressure to clarify his comments on the media after he told a private lunch in New York that he sympathised with Donald Trump's views on the press.
The head of the National Union of Journalists in Ireland Seamus Dooley said Mr Varadkar needed to “clarify his comments as a matter of urgency”.
Mr Varadkar told a private lunch gathering in New York on Tuesday that he sympathised with Donald Trump's view of the media, saying the media was not interested in the truth but in the story.
He claimed political journalists were more interested in gossip at Dáil Éireann than in the workings of Government, describing their interest in whispers in the corridors.
He also claimed some investigative journalism in Ireland was incorrect, singling out RTÉ in particular for criticism.
Mr Varadkar was due to appear alongside Minister for Finance Paschal Donohue at 10am on Wednesday at O'Devaney Gardens to mark the first phase of its regeneration, but has since pulled out of the appearance.
In a statement, Mr Dooley said:
“Mr Varadkar needs to clarify his comments as a matter of urgency. If the object of the visit to New York was to project Ireland as a modern democracy then expressing sympathy with Donald Trump's views on the media was a spectacular own goal by An Taoiseach.
“Freedom of expression is a core principle of the United Nations. Donald Trump has shown nothing but contempt for the media and it is disturbing that Mr Varadkar should in any way align himself with the views of the American president on this issue.
“An Taoiseach's criticism of RTÉ is especially concerning since the public service broadcaster since it suggests a hostility towards an organisation which, by definition, requires the goodwill and support of government. His reported comments on Prime Time, if true are gratuitous and insulting.”
Meanwhile, Minister for Housing Eoghan Murphy said the Taoiseach's comments were “taken out of context” and expected him to clarify his remarks in the Dáil later on Wednesday.
Speaking on RTE's Morning Ireland, Mr Murphy said:
“From what I've seen about what he's reported to have said I think he's been taken out of context...I'm sure he'll get an opportunity to clarify if it's raised in the Dail later on.
“I know in clarifying them he'll be making a very robust defence of an independent media because that's what he believes.”
Don't Miss
Judgement has been reserved at the High Court in the State's application to dismiss a damages claim brought by Peter Pringle, who served almost 15 years in prison before his 1980 conviction for the murder of two gardaí was overturned as unsafe and unsatisfactory. He was originally sentenced to death for the murder of gardaí John Morley and Henry Byrne but his sentence was later commuted to 40 years imprisonment of which he served 14 years and 10 months until his conviction was quashed by the Court of Criminal Appeal in 1995. He opposes the State's bid to dismiss his damages action and has brought a separate motion to have the State discover documents related to DNA testing which he says he requires progressing his damages claim. Following the conclusion of submissions from both parties today, Ms Justice Carmel Stewart said she was reserving judgment in the applications. Mr Pringle claims the State was negligent and breached his constitutional rights because crucial evidence was not disclosed to him before his trial before the non-jury Special Criminal Court which had convicted him of the murder of both gardaí during a bank robbery in Ballaghaderreen, Co Roscommon, in July 1980. The State want the damages claim, initiated in the mid 1990s, dismissed on grounds including inordinate delay. Mr Pringle, with an address in Co Galway, denies delay on his part and claims any delay has been caused by the State. In his discovery application, he wants discovery of documents relating to an analysis carried out in 2002 by the Forensic Science Service in Birmingham. The discovery application relates to the DNA analysis on samples of hair taken from a car used in the robbery and a voluntary blood sample given by Mr Pringle in 1994. The State in 2003 informed Mr Pringle's lawyers the analysis showed a match had been obtained which provided “strong support” for the proposition the recovered hair originated from Mr Pringle. Mr Pringle believes the DNA report is a means to put a stop to his damages claim. His lawyers seek the paperwork in connection with the DNA analysis but that material had not been provided to them. The State denies Mr Pringle's claims in relation to the report and has opposed the discovery motion.
A Koh Kong community member is carried during a clash with police officials as the group made their way to Prime Minister Hun Sen's house yesterday in Phnom Penh. Heng Chivoan
Sugar protest outside PM's house broken up
About 100 villagers involved in a long-running land dispute with Koh Kong Sugar Industry Company attempted to march to the home of Prime Minister Hun Sen yesterday, culminating in a physical altercation with authorities.
The mostly female group of protesters was stopped at 10:40am by Daun Penh security forces, who attempted to remove them by force when they refused to leave.
One protester, Phav Nhoeung, said the authorities had used violence against people who were only seeking help.
“It is unacceptable. Some government officials worked to silence us and ordered security forces to beat and drag us,” she told reporters, though no serious injuries were visible.
“We have to consider the safety of the prime minister. We asked them to use another road, but they like to make the thing worse,” said Si Vutha, director of the security force, which has a longstanding reputation for violently confronting protests.
Pal Chandara, a member of Hun Sen's cabinet who oversees land disputes, said he has a meeting planned today with Tep Thun of the Ministry of Land Management.
Thun previously offered the protesters 1.5 hectares of land, but the villagers rejected the deal, claiming some of them had lost as much as 5 hectares. They are now demanding 2 hectares and $4,500 per family.
In 2006, the land was granted to Koh Kong Sugar, at that time part-owned by CPP Senator Ly Yong Phat, and ensuing protests saw two demonstrators shot by authorities.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have appealed against Maikel Keftenbeld's sending-off at the weekend and are hopeful of a positive outcome.
The Dutch midfielder replaced David Davis at half-time during the 2-1 win over Bristol City but was sent off late on for a challenge that boss Harry Redknapp felt was not worthy of a dismissal.
As a result, Blues lodged an appeal and are awaiting the news back.
“We've looked at the sending off and appealed it,” said Redknapp.
“Hopefully we now get a favourable result because I wouldn't have appealed it if it was a violent tackle.
“I would be the last one to do that.
“But it was a challenge where he tried to scoop the ball away.
“He didn't go in with a straight leg or studs up, I really couldn't see how it was a sending off.”
Blues are down to the bare bones and need the midfielder back for the game against Bolton Wanderers tomorrow.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House says the United States "condemns the violence and repression propagated by the Government of Nicaragua."
Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders says in statement that the administration "joins the international community in calls for broad-based dialogue and support for the people of Nicaragua, who yearn for the political freedom of expression and true democratic reforms they so richly deserve."
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which over two dozen people have been killed. The protests were triggered by tax hikes and benefit cuts meant to shore up the ailing social security system.
On Sunday, President Daniel Ortega said the government would withdraw the pension changes. But he rejected demands to free detained protesters, withdraw the police and lift some censorship.
A youthful touch adds to an elegant evening of food, music and friendly bidding at the 29th annual benefit event
Hundreds of supporters for the United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County stood tall last Saturday evening for the 29th Annual Stand Up for Kids Auction hosted by Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort.
The last rays of the day left the sky a luminous golden hue and a slight breeze ushered inland from the Pacific Ocean to greet a throng of guests who mingled and sipped cocktails while placing bids on an assemblage of silent auction items that lined the upstairs circular balcony.
Youth volunteers dressed in jeans and blue T-shirts with white letters proclaiming “Be Great” threaded through a jovial crowd and distributed magnets embellished in a colorful and painterly effect with children's hand prints and the United Boys & Girls Clubs logo.
The youths' playful persona was contagious among the adult guests and instilled a positive impact on what was destined to be a fun and inspiring evening.
Next, the crowd moved to the main floor Plaza Del Sol patio and was welcomed to the fundraiser by Master of Ceremonies Eloy Ortega, CEO of The Bank of Santa Barbara and treasurer for the United Boys & Girls Clubs.
“The United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County is 4,600 members strong with five clubs, in Carpinteria, Santa Barbara West, Goleta, Lompoc Valley and Camp Whittier,” Ortega said. “The mission is about giving to the children, especially those in need, and that's why we are here tonight.”
Youths from the Carpinteria Clubhouse came to the stage and asked the audience to stand and join them in reciting the Pledge of Allegiance, followed by a group invocation prayer led by Conrad Gonzales and a beautiful rendition of “America the Beautiful” by Rita Horton of Lompoc.
Later, Ortega presented Marshall Sherill with a special award for his dedication to the United Boys & Girls Clubs.
“Marshall's one of the individuals who can do anything, from getting along with the kids or fixing a door handle to writing a check,” Ortega said. “We love him dearly, and tonight we want to honor him with the 2011 Lifetime Achievement Award.”
Barbara Sherrill stood and addressed the enthusiastic crowd with a few words of gratitude on behalf of her husband.
“I want to thank everyone for bestowing this award to Marshall, and I have to say I think it is well deserved,” she said. “Ever since Marshall was young, he has always been very aware of the gaps between the haves and have-nots, and I think that's why he has always been generous, particularly with the United Boys & Girls Clubs.”
Guests offered enthusiastic applause while dining on delectable fare by DoubleTree Executive Chef Kirk De Long, which included a fabulous entrée of pheasant breast on a bed of sautéed arugula with goat cheese and risotto served with premium wines from The Brander Vineyard.
Angel Martinez, CEO of Deckers Outdoor Corp. and keynote speaker for the evening, credited organizations such as the Boys & Girls Clubs for his success.
“I lived in a very tough neighborhood in Bronx, N.Y., and I was fortunate as a child that people in my neighborhood cared enough and made sure that kids like me had a place to go,” Martinez said. “People like you donated time, energy and passion so kids would get the opportunities America offers.”
The United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County are open year-round and offer a range of activities and programs for youths ages 5 to 18 with educational programs structured to build character, instill life-enhancing values and develop creativity in health and life skills, sports, fitness, recreation and art programs.
After dinner, guests were treated to an entertaining live auction hosted by the dynamic team of dual auctioneers Bill Hoffer Jr. and Sr., whose witty enthusiasm worked the crowd into a bidding frenzy.
Items for bid included a cocktail party or barbecue for 25 at Lad Handelman's Mesa estate overlooking Santa Barbara and pulled in more than $6,400 as a crowd favorite. There was also a Camp Whittier Retreat for 30 guests that caused a stir at $6,800, and a unique Air Combat USA fighter pilot for a day course that landed at $1,600.
The evening was far from over as guests danced to the hip-shaking rhythm and tunes of Area 51.
Nick Pohl, 12, said he joined the United Boys & Girls Club last year because he didn't have good grades, and since then his grades have improved.
“The tutors supported me, and I've made lots of friends in a really positive place,” Pohl said. “Every kid should go.”
Click here for more information about the United Boys & Girls Clubs.
The United Boys & Girls Clubs of Santa Barbara County offers thanks to all of the Stand Up for Kids Auction sponsors:
» Platinum sponsors: Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Indians, Deckers Outdoor Corp., Fess Parker's DoubleTree Resort and the Wood-Claeyssens Foundation.
» Gold sponsors: ATK Space, Lynda.com, Network Hardware Resale and Precision Auto Body & Painting.
» Silver sponsors: Citrix Online, HUB International Insurance Services Inc., InTouch Health and MarBorg Industries.
» Bronze sponsors: Cox Communications, Milpas Motors, Montecito Bank & Trust, Sares-Regis, Santa Barbara Bank & Trust and the Volentine Family Foundation.
» In-kind donors: The Brander Vineyard, Carreta De Oro Tequila, Event Rents, PSAV Presentation Services and RockStar Limousine.
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews, and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
The sad duty now his, Trump calls for unity after shooting
hello
President Donald Trump leaves the podium after speaking in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice. Associated Press
From left, Vice President Mike Pence, Ivanka Trump, daughter of President Donald Trump, and White House Senior Adviser Jared Kushner listen as President Donald Trump speaks in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice. Associated Press
President Donald Trump arrives in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, to talk about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice. Associated Press
President Donald Trump speaks in the Diplomatic Room of the White House in Washington, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, about the shooting in Alexandria, Va. where House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of La., and others, where shot during a Congressional baseball practice. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- It was a sadly familiar ritual: an American president addressing the nation at an unsettling time, decrying violence while urging citizens to set aside their differences and pray for the recovery of victims.
But this time, it was President Donald Trump who was called upon to speak words of comfort in such a troubled moment, one fraught with the overtones of gun politics and the heated rhetoric of a nation sharply divided along party lines.
Trump's measured response to Wednesday's shooting at a congressional baseball practice stood in stark contrast to his inflammatory reactions to some previous acts of violence. He delivered a brief address from the White House Diplomatic Room in which he denounced the shooting of a top House Republican and others as a "very, very brutal assault." He said that "many lives would have been lost without the heroic action" of Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman.
"We may have our differences, but we do well in times like these to remember that everyone who serves in our nation's capital is here because, above all, they love our country," Trump said. "We can all agree that we are blessed to be Americans, that our children deserve to grow up in a nation of safety and peace and that we are strongest when we are unified and when we work together for the common good."
Republican Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana was shot in the early morning fusillade of gunfire, and several other people, including members of Scalise's security detail, also were wounded. The gunman was killed.
On Wednesday evening, the president and first lady Melania Trump visited MedStar Washington Hospital Center, where Scalise remains in critical condition.
"The president entered the room, spoke with Scalise's family members and sat by his bedside with Mrs. Trump," Press Secretary Sean Spicer said, describing the scene in the intensive care unit as emotional. Scalise and his wife, Jennifer, have two children.
The president was briefed by Scalise's medical team and also visited with Capitol Police officer Crystal Griner, who was shot in the ankle during the attack.
Back at the White House, Trump tweeted: "Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!"
He wrapped up the long day by celebrating his 71st birthday by having dinner with his family at the White House.
Trump was informed of the shooting minutes after it occurred. The White House press office quickly put out a brief statement noting that Trump was "deeply saddened by the tragedy," and the president followed up with a tweet: "Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him."
Wanting to present the president as a steadying hand and avoid any distractions after the shooting, the White House then quickly canceled a presidential event on apprenticeships at the Labor Department and scuttled any plans for a briefing. Instead, aides drafted the short, somber remarks Trump delivered from the Diplomatic Room.
The president praised Scalise as "a very good friend" and "a patriot," telling the legislator he had "not just the prayers of the entire city behind you, but the entire nation and frankly the entire world." He praised Capitol Police officers and first responders who mobilized at the softball field where the Republican baseball team was practicing ahead of Thursday night's charity game against the Democrats.
"Their sacrifice makes democracy possible," he said.
Trump also broke the news that the shooter, 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois, had died. Hodgkinson had a history of lashing out at Republicans and apparently had volunteered for Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign.
Several prominent Republicans, including the president's eldest son, were quick to link the gunfire to anti-Trump rhetoric from the left. But in the hours after the shooting, the president, whose pugnacious style has come to define this era of bruising partisanship, avoided any mention of the political debate surrounding the shooting.
Trump showed little of that restraint when reacting to acts of violence during his campaign. He drew sharp criticism a year ago when he tweeted "Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism" in the wake of the shooting at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, that left 49 people dead. He also was accused of inciting violence when he warned that the "Second Amendment people" among his supporters might find a way to stop his opponent, Hillary Clinton, from rolling back gun rights.
Earlier this month he used Twitter to denounce the mayor of London in the wake of a terror attack that left seven dead there.
Trump's brief speech at the White House was reminiscent of the more than a dozen times that his predecessor had to address the nation after a mass shooting. Some of the most indelible images of Barack Obama's presidency followed an act of violence, including the tears in his eyes while mourning the 26 people, including children, killed in Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012 and his rendition of "Amazing Grace" while delivering a eulogy after nine churchgoers were killed in Charlestown, South Carolina, three years later.
While Obama's statements of mourning were frequently paired with a plea for stricter gun control laws, Trump did not mention firearms regulations.
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
__
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
A fundraising event for the Alakaʻi Youth Leadership Academy takes place on Sunday, Dec. 17, 2017 from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. at Jersey Mike's Subs, located at the Safeway Plaza at Maui Lani in Wailuku.
The event runs from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., with Santa Claus scheduled for arrival and photos with keiki between 11 a.m and 3 p.m.
Proceeds from the event go to providing scholarships for our youth to attend the Alakaʻi Youth Leadership Academy, which is a six-day residential leadership event featuring international speakers and facilitators with a passion for helping to improve and transform the lives of youth.
For the last five years, the non-profit, Ignite A Life, has been taking students from Hawaiʻi off island to leadership events around the world. Next year, in order to serve more youth, they are hosting the Alakaʻi Youth Leadership Academy here on Maui. Vendors are donating proceeds from their business on Dec. 17, 2017 to raising money for scholarships for Hawaiʻi youth to attend this event.
During the event, Jersey Mike's Subs and Ululani's Hawaiian Shave Ice are donating 20% of their proceeds; and Maui Spider Jump and Hawaiʻi Leaders Core are donating 100% of their proceeds.
The Alakaʻi Youth Leadership Academy will take place from June 18-24, 2018.
Detectives are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary in Glenarm and linked burglaries in Ballyclare last night, Saturday December 31.
It was reported that shortly before 11.20pm a man, aged in his 50's, returned home and confronted three males in his house on the Deerpark Road. The man was struck on the shoulder with a metal bar by one of the intruders. He did not sustain any serious injuries as a result.
The three males then made off with a sum of cash from the property in a blue coloured Volkswagen Tiguan that had been reported stolen in a creeper style burglary in the Rectory Road area of Ballyclare earlier in the evening.
An attempt was also made to steal a second car in a creeper style burglary in the Riverdale Park area of Ballyclare around 10.15pm last night.
The Volkswagen Tiguan was found burned out on the Ballyhampton Road in Larne a short time after the incident in Glenarm.
Detectives are investigating a link between all of the incidents and Detective Sergeant Crothers is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incidents or anyone with any information about the movements of the Volkswagen Tiguan between Ballyclare and Glenarm to contact Detectives in Larne on 101 quoting reference number 1228 of 31/12/16.
Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
By Izuchukwu Okosi:
Mountain of Fire and Miracles FC head coach Fidelis Ilechukwu is looking forward to his team's Nigeria Professional Football League match day 19 fixtures against Akwa United at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium, Uyo on Wednesday and hopes the away form of the league leaders will improve, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
MFM have played nine away games so far this season, suffering five defeats, pulling three draws and winning only one.
"Our away form has not been the worst but I agree that we need to improve if we must maintain our lead on top of the table," Ilechukwu told Completesportsnigeria.com.
"After Plateau and Akwa United, no other team got points more than MFM in away matches. That has been the trend, away teams hardly win, but to be champions you need to pick wins away from home and we know Akwa United will be difficult opponents.
"We have won a match away (against Sunshine Stars) and have picked up a couple of draws. We are motivated to go for it. Nothing will happen, we are ready."
Akwa United are fifth in the table with 26 points from 18 matches and will be banking on the prolific Alhasan Ibrahim who has scored nine goals thus far in the league.
Ilechukwu however warns his defenders not to pay special attention to the languid forward.
"A football team is made up of 11 players," he added.
"We will not pay attention to their top scorer alone and ignore others. What if Alhassan has a bad day and another player rises to the occasion which happens in football.
"He (Alhassan) is a quality player no doubt and one with a big future but so do we have fantastic players. We will do what we have to do. Happy Easter to our fans."
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
They didn't wear hoods as they chanted "Jews will not replace us." They weren't hiding their faces as they waved Confederate flags, racist signs and swastikas. They looked straight at a sea of cameras as they made the Nazi salute.
As Matt Thompson wrote for The Atlantic, the white supremacist march and rally this past weekend wasn't a KKK rally: "It was a pride march."
The bare-faced shamelessness was the point. But it was also an opening.
On the Internet, some people are crowd-sourcing efforts to identify and shame the people participating in the rally. Most prominently, on Twitter, the account called "Yes, You're Racist" has been soliciting help and posting IDs. "I'll make them famous," the account pledged.
So far, at least one protester is no longer employed after being publicly named and shamed.
Cole White, who used to work at a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, Calif., "voluntarily resigned" on Saturday after his employer confronted him about his participation in the event, according to the Berkeleyside news site.
@YesYoureRacist is not a new Twitter account. Since 2012, the account has been calling out "casual racism on Twitter," according to the user's fundraising page. It would post screenshots of deleted racist tweets, highlight offensive comments by elected officials and retweet everyday users who would say "I'm not racist but ..." followed by something, well, racist.
But after the rally in Charlottesville, Yes You're Racist pivoted from highlighting online remarks to identifying real-world marchers.
Many of the people it named had publicly declared their plans to go to Charlottesville. The account identified one man as "Illegal Aryan," who wrote on the white supremacist site Daily Stormer last month, "See you in Charlottesville!"
"Illegal Aryan," real name Mark Daniel Reardon, was identified by an antifascist group this spring and confirmed on Daily Stormer that he lost his job as a result.
Another identified marcher, who has repeatedly tweeted holocaust denials and says he is a member of the Proud Boys, said on Twitter he was at Charlottesville. After he was identified, he said he's received death threats.
Of course, there's a long and not entirely noble tradition of online humiliation for perceived moral trespasses.
Jon Ronson, who literally wrote the book on the phenomenon (it's called So You've Been Publicly Shamed), chimed in on Twitter to give his take on the public identification of the white supremacists, white nationalists and neo-Nazis marching in Charlottesville.
"They were undisguised in a massively contentious rally surrounded by the media," he said, noting also that there's "a big difference" between making a thoughtless or offensive comment online and marching in the name of white power.
That said, Twitter is "a terrible information swapping service," he said, and some innocent people would inevitably get caught up in the process.
Indeed, the "Yes You're Racist" account has made, and acknowledged, some mistakes.
One of the photos it examined was from a previous Trump rally, not the Charlottesville march or rally. (That image featured a man wearing a Nazi armband. He said on Youtube he wore it as a "social experiment" to prove that "not all Trump supporters are Nazis. I went to the Trump rally as a Nazi and they kicked me out and disavowed me ... I dressed up as a Nazi to prove a point, not to spread a message of hate.")
Another photo was misidentified as the white supremacist Billy Roper. Roper, who has called for non-white races to be "eliminated" or "become extinct," did not actually attend the Charlottesville event. Roper, who is vehemently anti-Semitic, objected to the fact that one of the speakers at the event works with a Jewish fundraiser.
Roper wrote on his blog that he actively contributed to the confusion over the identity of the "Arkansas Engineering" marcher:
"Early on in the game, I decided to troll them by alternately confirming then denying that I was the person in the picture, in order to confuse the trail and distract them from the guy they were after. So, I spent the better part of the evening schooling some and gaming others."
As Roper muddied the waters, others on the Internet misidentified the man in the photo as a University of Arkansas professor, which was false.
Meanwhile, one young man who was photographed screaming at the torchlit march told a local news station that it was definitely him — but he insisted he's "not the angry racist" people see in the photo.
"As a white nationalist, I care for all people," said Peter Cvjetanovic, who is studying history and political science at the University of Nevada, Reno.
"I did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was," he told KTVN.
A "Yes, You're Racist" tweet about Peter Cvjetanovic was retweeted more than 32,000 times.
Newly crowned 2018 Philippine Ladies Open Champion Yuka Saso posted wins in the Girls Overall Championship at the 2018 Victoria Junior Masters in Churchill and the Waverly Bowl and Golf Club in Victoria, Australia last January 22 to 25.
Ranked No. 44 in the world as an amateur golfer, the Junior Golf Foundation of the Philippines stalwart torched the field as she set a new course record of seven-under par 66 to hike her total four-day score to 10-under par 282 (70-75-71-66).
Saso, as a champion, also received an invite to the 2018 Oates Victoria Open on February 1, at the 13th Links Golf Club in Victoria, Australia. The tournament is an Australian professional event featuring the best Australian talent from all the over the world.
Ella Nagayo, 14, who hails from Davao but now based in Melbourne, Australia on a golf scholarship, finished as Overall Low Runner-Up and Girls U16 Runner-Up on countback.
Meanwhile, Sean Granada won the Boys 13-14 division at the Australian Open, a US KIDS Golf International event held last January 20 to 21 at the Riverside Golf Course, Blue Mountains, NSW, Australia.
Granada, a many times Junior World and USKG World Championship campaigner posted a score of 72 and 71 to lead from start to end and win by 10 strokes over his closest pursuer.
Granada earned a ticket to the 2018 USKG Teen World Championship in Pinehurst, NC in July.
As Maame Biney laces up her skates for one of her last practices before heading to the Winter Olympics, her mind drifts to her upcoming 18th birthday -- and the prospect of her first cell phone.
"Dad says he's going to get me one," she says, her permagrin on full display.
Rocking a jacket from the World Junior Short Track Speed Skating Championships in Austria, where his daughter snared bronze in the 500-meter, Kweku Biney leans against the protective padding surrounding the rink. Montell Jordan plays over the loudspeakers.
A single father, Kweku Biney has long been there for his daughter -- from the time she landed at Dulles after leaving her native Ghana at age 5 till now, as she makes final preparations for the PyeongChang Games. On February 10, when she becomes the first African-American woman to represent the United States in Olympic speed skating, he'll be there, too.
"Right, daddy?" Maame asks, fixed on the phone.
"Somehow," he says, his voice barely audible over the drone of a Zamboni polishing the long track at the Utah Olympic Oval.
Maame -- pronounced "MAH-may" -- spins toward her fellow skaters, which include three-fifths of the men's Olympic short-track team. "You all just heard that!"
They needle their teammate. Heard what? They didn't hear anything. She tries to pull a reporter into her camp. Surely, someone heard it!
Kweku Biney's smile widens.
"Did I say that? No one heard it," he says, laughing.
As Maame continues her preparations, strapping on her helmet and an "E.T." glove with carbon-fiber bulbs at the tips of each finger, her father confides in the reporter.
"Phones get them in trouble, but she's mature," he says. "Eighteen, you know?"
'A Maame laugh ... settles everyone down'
With power that belies her youth, Maame is America's best hope for a medal in the 500 meters. She also qualified for the 1,500, but her specialty is the shorter race. Maame jumps off the line like a sprinter, scrambling for the critical inside position. The E.T. glove gives her just enough leverage to glide through the turns, her shoulder maybe 2 feet from the ground.
It doesn't take long to finish four-and-a-half laps of 111.111 meters each. If you're watching, go to the bathroom at your own risk.
Coach Anthony Barthell, who's known Maame since she was 11, said she was a "powerful little girl," oozing natural talent. Taller and stronger than her peers, she's like no one he's ever coached, he said, but she still has plenty of work to do on her technique -- that "push" skaters used to propel themselves to speeds of around 30 mph.
At trials in December, she won the finals by more than a half second, an eternity in speed skating. Her time of 43.161 is just over eight-tenths of a second off the world record set by British skater Elise Christie in 2016. At 18, Maame has ample time to close that gap. She beat her own personal best five or six times last year alone, Barthell said.
She has "maybe one or two more Olympics in her, possibly three," the coach told CNN.
Yet Maame's greatest contribution to Team USA isn't necessarily her athleticism. It may be her smile. We're not talking some impish simper, oh no. We're talking a toothy, 1,000-watt grin that blooms across most of her lower face.
Her positivity is boundless. Late last year, a Belgian skater's 17½-inch blade snapped, flew into her face and ripped into her lip and chin, requiring stitches. But Maame didn't dwell on that. She took to Instagram. "Who won? You guys should see the blade," she posted.
"I love having people smile and laugh because if you're smiling and laughing, then that means you're happy, and being happy ... is the best present you can ever give to anyone every single day, so I love doing that," she told CNN, a faint white battle scar on her chin.
Her hearty belly laugh, which resonates throughout the cavernous Olympic Oval, even over the Zamboni, plays into Barthell's practices.
"A Maame laugh, that just settles everyone down," he said after a recent practice. "If I see that she's tired and the morale's starting to go down -- the team, the chemistry's just a little low, the atmosphere's a little low for me -- I'll go up and crack a joke because I know it could be a horrible joke, but she's going to be the one that laughs and everyone else starts recovering a little easier."
Her demeanor hasn't changed much since she was an 11-year-old, said Barthell, who was named the US short track coach in 2016.
"I just remember her sitting there smiling and laughing and whenever I went to shake her hand, she just busted out laughing. That was my first impression of her, that she's just a happy-go-lucky kid, and she's still the same," he said. "If she's having a bad day, you can't really tell."
Maame said that at her high school in Reston, Virginia, where she calls home, she was known for "getting in trouble for laughing a lot." She said this while giggling.
That's been less of an issue her senior year. Since summer, she's been living with a host family while training for the 500 and 1,500 in Kearns, Utah, at a speed skating facility built for the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics. Though her father asked her to take a hiatus from school for the Olympics, she insisted on graduating with her friends.
She attends English and history classes, the final credits she needs for graduation, via videoconference. At competitions, she watches recordings of the classes. She does homework between training sessions and regularly emails her teachers at South Lakes High School.
"She's an A and B student. If she studies hard, she can make all As, but practice..." her father said, nodding toward the ice rink. "She's got to be a kid, too, sometimes, so I give her a pass."
From Accra to Reston
To say Maame's path to speed skating excellence was circuitous or unlikely is to sell it short.
Kweku Biney, 59, left Accra, Ghana, in the 1980s, hitchhiking north through the Sahara Desert and eventually landing in Alicante, Spain -- almost 2,300 miles away as the crow flies.
He bopped around Europe for a while -- to Sweden, Denmark, Norway and France -- before flying to the States in 1984 and settling in Hyattsville, Maryland.
Now separated, Kweku had two kids with his wife: Maame and her little brother, Nana Kojo, 15, who still lives in Accra. Maame visited her dad for the first time in 2005. It didn't begin well.
As Kweku drove her from the airport to his home in Wheaton, Maryland, Maame began bawling. She wanted to go home.
He explained that she couldn't just get back on the plane: "I have to make certain things happen before you can do that."
She stopped crying and Kweku continued driving, only to stop 3 miles down the road to console her again. Then again on the Beltway. And again at home. He decided not to get out of the car and instead drove her to Wheaton Plaza Mall (now Westfield Wheaton).
"The first store we went into was JCPenney. This girl saw how big the store is. She was just running all over. 'Daddy, I like this one. No, no, daddy, I don't like this one. I like that thing over there,'" he recounted. "I just folded my arms, stood up and just watched her just run back and forth. She got tired and I just went and bought her a few things. She stopped crying, and that was it.
"The following day, this girl told me, 'Daddy, I'm not going back to Ghana.'"
Kweku Biney was making the commute to a government healthcare contractor in Reston, the same company that employs him today. He and Maame moved into a coworkers' basement to be closer to work and school, before finding an apartment in town.
'Let her go try speed skating'
About three months after Maame's introduction to an American mall, Kweku was driving near SkateQuest in Reston, where he saw a sign: "Learn to skate."
"Maame, do you want to try this?"
"What's that, daddy?"
"You know, just glide on the ice, move on the ice."
Maame responded with a blank look. Kweku didn't know much about skating, either. Soccer had always been his sport. But his daughter gave her dad a simple answer: "Yes."
"I don't think she really understood what I'm saying because she had never seen ice before," Kweku said. "I was really scared because I thought she was going to fall and then break her head open because where we are from, there's no ice. The only thing icy there is the cold beer."
Maame instantly fell in love with skating and "did it with ease," Kweku said. It wasn't long before an instructor told Kweku that Maame wasn't cut out for figure skating. She was too fast.
"Just let her go try speed skating," the instructor said.
The switch meant years of getting up before dawn on Saturdays. Kweku didn't appreciate his daughter's dedication to the sport until that third Saturday. He was bushed and didn't want to get up.
"She was 5 years old. She said, 'Daddy, it's Saturday morning. We have to go!' and I was like, 'Oh man, I thought she was going to be sleeping.' She wasn't. She woke me up. And then we went, and I said, 'OK.' I didn't miss any time anymore," the proud papa said. "She's been running away with this thing ever since."
There were times Kweku went hungry to make sure she ate. Pricey skates, lessons and equipment meant he was never able to put away much in savings.
"I came to America with nothing, so when I die, I'm not going to take anything with me, so hey, just spend it on her," he said.
Kweku thanks God for guiding him past that SkateQuest sign in 2005, and he thanks the United States for making Maame's story possible.
"Only in America, nowhere else," he said.
Asked how he feels about the political climate surrounding immigration, considering his immigrant daughter is set to proudly wear the red, white and blue in PyeongChang, he bristled. He doesn't want Maame to be a pawn in anyone's politics. They both love America. That's all you need to know.
"I told her to never get into politics. It's a dirty business," he said. "Sports, school, God -- that's it. No politics."
'Just normal Maame'
Ask Maame about her aspirations and, as nonchalantly as some high schoolers might speak of being a doctor one day, she'll say she wants to be a chemical engineer, world speed skating champion and Olympic gold medalist. No big deal.
"I really have an interest in making things explode, and I guess my dad, he told me a few years ago that he was into chemistry when he was a little kid, so I guess chemistry runs in the family," she said.
When she takes the ice later this month, she'll not only set precedent for African-American women, but she'll be one of only four foreign-born US Olympians, the second-ever African-born US Olympian and the second African-American speedskater on a US Olympics team. Her pal, Shani Davis, who's competing in his fifth Winter Olympics, was the first.
"It's a huge thing," she said, but she isn't hung up on the racial aspect of her accomplishments.
"I have friends who accept me and who don't think of me as being an African-American," she said. "They just think of me as being normal Maame or being human."
To any youngsters her achievements might inspire, no matter their race, she has a message: "Go out there, find an ice arena or ice rink, and just skate and try it out. ... You never know. You could be the next Olympian, which is an awesome thing to be."
'It was a graceful fall'
Maame realizes she wouldn't be among the world's fastest speed skaters without her dad. She speaks to her mother in Ghana about once a week, but Kweku plays both roles here at home. It can be tough, especially at her age, she said.
"I like guys, and my dad, I'm always going to be his little girl, and I think it's a really awkward situation when you're like, 'Hey daddy, I like this guy. What do you think and stuff?' It's really hard to talk to him about it because he's like," she breaks into her best Kweku impression. "'No, you're going to get married when you're 50 years old.' All right, dad. OK. I see how it is."
But Kweku isn't one of these win-at-all-costs fathers. He wants only what's best for her and would prefer she worries about guys when she's done with school and skating, she said.
The day before she won the 500 at the Olympic trials, Maame had what she felt was a poor run in the 1,500. Where others might rejoice at finishing third and qualifying for an Olympic event, Maame has a tendency to get down on herself and worry that people won't like her unless she skates well, she said.
Kweku knew what to say.
"No matter what happens tomorrow, whether you get last or whether you get first, just know that I love you not because you're a speed skater but because you're Maame and you're my daughter," he told her.
She went on to win the trials before falling onto her rump while pumping her fists in celebration.
"It was a graceful fall," her dad said, beaming.
Biney giddily recounted the moment. "I was like, 'I made the team. Holy cow, I made the team! (Squeal!)' And then I cheered so hard that I fell."
The graceful tumble and her post-race interview charmed everyone who saw them. Despite her maturity and speed, it felt like she might never relinquish her youth.
On the Wednesday before leaving for PyeongChang, Maame attended a short practice before hitting the stationary bike. It was a recovery day, and she was looking forward to some rare downtime. Kweku reminded her she had dinner plans with her host family that evening. She has no driver's license, so he made sure she had transportation lined up.
She was headed to Park City to see a friend, she told him. Both of their birthdays are coming up, so they'd agreed to pay for each other's ticket, she said, laughing at the absurdity of it. They'll grab grab a bubble tea -- taro with vanilla for Maame -- before catching the 4 o'clock showing of "Jumanji."
Typical afternoon for a couple of kids.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
The football pitch where George Best first kicked a ball is to be protected forever, Belfast City Council said.
Cregagh Green is the spot in the centre of a housing estate in the east of the city where Best's talent first flourished as a schoolboy in the 1950s.
He was a prodigy who went on to become one of the world's greatest footballers of all time, a marauding presence with Manchester United and the Northern Ireland international team.
Organisers at the Green have been awarded £5,000 by the London Marathon Charitable Trust (LMCT) to help promote physical activity and community participation.
Best inspired the Old Trafford outfit to win league titles and the European Cup while still a young player.
But his career at United was cut short following a battle with alcohol, the pressures of stardom and global fame.
Cllr Adam Newton of Belfast City Council's People and Communities Committee receiving a plaque from Terry Housden (Development Manager for Fields in Trust South East England & Northern Ireland) on East Belfast's Cregagh Green, the football pitch where George Best first kicked a ball.
Cregagh Green is the first project in the UK to be awarded funding by the LMCT as part of The Active Spaces Forever programme, delivered in partnership with Fields in Trust to protect and activate outdoor recreation spaces.
The open space will now be protected "in perpetuity" through a legal deed of dedication between Belfast City Council and Fields in Trust.
Councillor Adam Newton of Belfast City Council said: "It means that this valuable green space which has a unique association with one of our most famous sons, George Best, will be safeguarded, and that we can encourage more local people to follow in his footsteps and get active in Cregagh Green."
Since 1981, The London Marathon Charitable Trust has funded a huge range of projects which have inspired millions of people to get active.
George Best. Photo: Pacemaker
It said Cregagh Green had become the first in the long list of inspiring projects which will be permanently protected through funding from The Trust enabling local people to enjoy the benefits of physical activity into the future.
The Trump administration is to review and reform the US trade deal with South Korea, Mike Pence said on Tuesday, citing a widening bilateral trade deficit and obstacles for American businesses in the east Asian nation.
“We have to be honest about where our trade relationship is falling short,” the US vice-president told American and Korean business leaders in Seoul. “Our businesses continue to face too many barriers to entry, which tilts the playing field against American workers.”
The US has to “level that playing field”, he added, saying “we will work with you” as we “reform KORUS [the Korea-US trade deal] in the days ahead”.
The comments on what was once touted by Washington as the “gold standard” in trade pacts came as Mr Pence prepared to fly to Tokyo for the second leg of his four-nation Asian tour, where he is set to meet Japan's finance minister Taro Aso and discuss trade-boosting measures.
While South Korea has known since the election of Donald Trump in November that the trade pact could face renegotiation, Mr Pence's comments mark the first time the US administration has been so explicit about the need of reforming the contentious deal, which Mr Trump deems detrimental to US interests. The new administration had already pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation trade agreement, and stepped up attacks on the North American Free Trade Agreement.
The Korea-US agreement, negotiated during the Republican administration of George W Bush, has been a target of trade critics for years. Now it has been caught up in the Trump administration's push to address bilateral trade deficits blamed for the loss of US manufacturing jobs. The US trade deficit in goods with South Korea, which has existed for two decades, has soared in recent years from $16.6bn in 2012 to $27.7bn in 2016.
The hard-fought deal has been divisive in both countries since it came into force in 2012. While supporters say it has helped spur much closer economic relations between the two allies, US critics have pounced on the sharp increase in the US trade deficit as evidence that the deal is not living up to its goals for the US economy.
Joo Hyung-hwan, South Korea's commerce minister, visited Washington in March to meet his US counterpart Wilbur Ross, and said the deal had helped expand bilateral trade and investment and that South Korea wanted to expand and develop the pact. But a recent report from the Office of the US Trade Representative said US companies continued to face numerous regulatory trade barriers in South Korea that were hampering US exports to the country.
Additional reporting by Shawn Donnan in Washington
Dear Nick and Dear Nora,
The time has come for the exposition on the true meaning of the word “fair,” which should also be known as the “f-word.”
Back to my English friends, Jonathan and Lynn Gaunt. Recall that Jonathan received the classical English education, which served to produce rulers and managers of the Empire “on which the sun never set.” One of the exports to the subject-states (colonies) was the “English notion of fair play.” With his classical education, Jonathan would have either been one of the elite who implanted the idea all over the world, or he would have managed the project from a ministry at Whitehall.
I asked him, “If I describe a competitive situation involving two people, could you tell me if either or both complied with the notion of ‘fair play'?” He said he could.
But Lynn immediately disagreed, with some fervor. After saying, “You certainly cannot,” she continued. “You know what your public school friends think is ‘fair play,' which is handy since a good part of the judiciary have a similar background, but you don't know what regular people think is ‘fair.'”
After some thought, Jonathan replied, “She is right, but it goes further. At public schools, and especially at the boarding school, athletics — what we call ‘games' — are an essential part of the curriculum, you know. Wellington's ‘playing fields of Eton.' In fact, each school can be categorized by the types of games they play. Most schools play with various kinds of ‘balls.' Other schools play games requiring a racket, and a few schools are equestrian. Balls are less expensive than rackets, which are much less expensive than horses. I've noticed that men who have gone to a ‘racket school' have a somewhat different sense of rectitude than those who went to an ‘equestrian school' and both would, occasionally, disagree with what I, and my friends from ‘ball schools,' perceive as ‘fair' or ‘fair play.'”
The application of the notion of “fair play” depends on where you went to school. So when the Supreme Court speaks of “traditional notions of fair play,” we can't know what they mean.
. . .
Now to the situation I described previously where Art used $20,000 he had before marriage to make the down payment on a $100,000 house. Title was taken by Art and Barbara as husband and wife.
Twenty years later, the house is sold as a part of their divorce. The net proceeds of sale are $1 million. How does Art get compensated, if at all, for using his separate property to buy the house in the first place?
» No. 1: He could get the entire amount, since only his separate property was used to acquire the property. Whatever the couple paid by way of mortgage interest and principal was the equivalent of paying rent.
» No. 2: But what about joint title? Doesn't that mean anything? It does. Art can't sell the property without Barbara's signature, so what is joint title worth? He could have insisted on excluding Barbara from taking title, but he didn't. One reasonable answer would be that if they took title jointly, there is joint ownership that is equal unless the deed says something else. So Barbara gets half and Art gets nothing extra for his $20,000.
» No. 3: Or the $20,000 could be seen as an investment on which there should be a return. Of the original cost, 20 percent came from Art's separate property. After 20 years, the appreciation was $900,000, so give Art 20 percent of that ($180,000) plus his original investment ($20,000) and divide the balance ($800,000) equally. Barbara gets $400,000 instead of $500,000. Does that seem unfair?
» No. 4: Give Art his $20,000 back and divide the balance, so Barbara would get $490,000 and Art would get $510,000.
Unless you selected No. 1, you are right. And you are wrong. Since 1974, different California three-judge appellate courts have reached the determination that No. 2, No. 3 or No. 4 is “fair.” The state Supreme Court has seven justices, and they went for No. 2, unless there was an “agreement or understanding to the contrary.” There is nothing in the opinion about the necessity of a written “agreement of understanding.” From a lawyer's perspective, this is the worst of the four possible rules, not because it is “unfair,” but because the requirements for proof are missing.
I've written to you about the artificial reality we create in court by use of only “admissible evidence.” Some agreements must be in writing or they don't have a legal existence. This isn't because the agreement can't exist without a writing; it's because it is too easy or too tempting to present false testimony — and that problem is eliminated by a writing. If a writing had been required, the case is easy — end of case.
In our case, Barbara agrees that she frequently acknowledged Art's contribution and thanked him for it. Is that an agreement or understanding contrary to 50/50 ownership? Probably not, but under the third rule, he would get an extra $200,000 if a judge decides that it is an “understanding.”
. . .
I used to teach a class at the local law school and always had my students do the “fairness” exercise. I assigned each student to a “triad” and gave the triads 20 minutes to come up with a definition of “fair” that they could all sign off on. In 10 years, no triad was able to complete the assignment.
. . .
If you continue to be hung-up on the idea of some sort of “absolute fairness,” there is a possibility that you may be able to deduce or induce your way to a conclusion on the basis of pure thought, as John Rawls did in his book A Theory of Justice. Or you could try to create the equivalent of Euclidian geometry by working from at least one “first principle” revealed by Capuchin monkeys at the Emory University primatology lab.
Your friend,
Bucky
— Brian H. Burke is a certified family law specialist practicing family law and mediation in Santa Barbara. A researcher and educator in the field of divorce and family conflicts, he is also the creator of the Legal Road Map™. Click here for more information, call 805.965.2888 or e-mail .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
North and South Korea will on Tuesday celebrate Korea's national day – probably the only thing the two states do together, even if the tone and emphasis on either side of the border that separates them will be markedly different.
In Seoul, President Moon Jae-in will give a keynote public address in which he is expected to dwell on the south's long-cherished goal of reunification and urge calm in the current crisis, which has seen an outbreak of verbal hostilities between North Korea and the United States.
In the northern capital, Pyongyang, the day, which marks the end of Japanese colonial rule and liberation at the end of the second World War, is traditionally an occasion for a military parade and fiery denunciation of enemies.
Heated rhetoric was notably absent on Monday following a meeting between Mr Moon, his defence minister and security advisers, and the chairman of the US joint chiefs of staff, former marine corps general Joseph Dunford and senior US military figures. About 30,000 US troops are permanently based in South Korea.
Gen Dunford said that while the US remained ready to deliver a “decisive” response should Pyongyang carry through on its threat to test fire four ballistic missiles into the sea just off the US Pacific island of Guam, America's focus was first on diplomatic and economic pressures that could be brought to bear on North Korea.
He hoped the current situation would end without war breaking out.
“I think what is important is not to confuse military action with policy,” Gen Dunford said. “Our job is to make sure our leadership has an option available to them.
“I believe there are two things we are clear about: one, our responsibility to defend against attack, two, our requirement to make sure we have a decisive response in the event of attack.”
‘Disturbing the peace'
Mr Moon, who has been criticised domestically for remaining largely silent during the war of words between US president Donald Trump and North Korea, denounced Pyongyang for “disturbing the peace” on the Korean peninsula and urged North Korea's president Kim Jong-un to engage in talks.
“We cannot have a war on the Korean Peninsula ever again,” Mr Moon said prior to meeting Gen Dunford.
“The president noted the current security conditions on the Korean Peninsula constituted a more serious, real and urgent threat than ever created by the advancement in North Korea's nuclear and missile technologies,” his spokesman, Park Soo-hyun, said after the meeting.
Little was disclosed as to military matters discussed, which included the full deployment in South Korea of the American-supplied Thaad anti-missile defence system, but Gen Dunford confirmed that next week's scheduled joint exercises between US and Korean defence forces would take place. This was important, he said, to ensure interoperability and capability in the event of both forces having to work together in combat.
It was also announced by the Korean ministry of defence that Korean and US defence chiefs would hold their first bilateral meeting in Washington on August 30th.
China meanwhile is to implement the UN Security Council sanctions against North Korea to which it agreed on August 5th. From September 5th, it will no longer buy North Korean coal, iron and iron ore, lead and fish, among other items.
Coal exports
Almost all – 90 per cent – of North Korea's exports are to China, with coal accounting for 50 per cent of that trade. The value of North Korea's exports are down 13 per cent so far this year compared to 2016, a fall in value of about €1.5 billion.
The sanctions, which aim to cut by about one third North Korea's total annual export revenues of some €2.5 billion, will hit China too as it had increased iron ore imports from North Korea by 60 per cent – trade worth €58 million to Pyongyang.
Gen Dunford is now in China where he said his primary aim was not related to the crisis over North Korea but to improving Sino-American military relations “that will result in mitigating the risks of miscalculations and making sure that we have the ability to communicate in a crisis”.
It was announced on Monday that several senior North Korean diplomats, including ambassadors based in China, Russia and at the United Nations, were back in Pyongyang for consultations not likely to be unrelated to recent events.
FRISCO - Tight end Rico Gathers is back on the field with the Cowboys for ongoing organized team activities after he spent all of last season on injured reserve.
He revealed last week that he was cleared from concussion protocol before Week 7, but the Cowboys weren't ready to bring him back. Head coach Jason Garrett was asked about the decision Wednesday.
"There's a lot of discussion about a player coming off injury," Garrett said. "He did have a concussion and was in concussion protocol for a long time. At the point he was able to come back, we were far along down in our season for him to be able to make a significant contribution. Obviously we want a player to continue to develop. We tried to do that with him last year. That's really the reason we made the decision. Because of where he was and where we were."
Gathers, a former power basketball forward at Baylor, hadn't played football since junior high when the Cowboys drafted him with their last pick in the 2016 draft. But with his 6-6, 285-pound frame and two touchdown catches in two preseason games last year before he suffered the injury, he's long piqued fan interest.
"He's done a really good job improving over the course of his time here, he's a different player now than he was a couple years ago," Garrett said. "He just needs to play more football. We could practice five times a day and that wouldn't be enough for him and a lot of our younger players, just because they need so much work. You have to take advantage of every rep you get, you have be prepared, when you go out on the field it's a productive rep for you and you learn from it, stay locked in each day and grow in every part of the game. I think he's done a really good job of that."
Garrett noted that the passing game comes more naturally to Gathers than the blocking and protection aspects of being a tight end. Gathers is the first to say the same, which is why he's called last season agonizing - there's no way to replicate practice time.
After Wednesday's practice, the fifth session of OTAs, Gathers said he is feeling more comfortable.
"I feel major improvement from last week to this week," Gathers said, "just getting back in sync with everything. It's been my first five practices since my little incident. Just really enthused about being here, enthused about the opportunity at hand and trying to take advantage of each and every day."
Gathers said he feels like he's built a foundation of knowledge with the playbook and is making strides in his blocking technique under new tight ends coach Doug Nussmeier. But he's still trying to make up for the lost time.
"It's almost like I went back to step A and I was getting to C and D," he said. "It was about reassuring myself each and every time I get out there. Like I said, I feel a major improvement from Week One to Week Two of OTAs."
By Campbell Burnes
Jordie Barrett is out, Ciarahn Matoe and Thomas Umaga-Jensen are in.
That is the latest news out of the New Zealand Under 20s squad, finalised for the Oceania Under 20 tournament on the Gold Coast starting on April 28.
Barrett, the All Blacks apprentice, will, as forecast by the Herald this morning, be unavailable due to Hurricanes' Super Rugby commitments, while Blues first five/fullback Stephen Perofeta has been ruled out due to his ongoing recovery from an ankle injury.
Umaga-Jensen, a midfielder who scored a stack of tries for Scots College First XV leading into his 2015 NZ Schools selection, was injured for much of 2016. His twin brother Peter, who is in the Hurricanes squad, is currently injured and thus unavailable. Matoe is now with Taranaki but played for the King's College First XV in Auckland from 2014-16 and scored a try for NZ Schools against Fiji last year.
"We have been following Thomas's return to rugby following his hip surgery in October last year with a view to inclusion in the squad. He's had three weeks of club rugby and is tracking well. We know what he is capable of after his time in the secondary schools team and he is a welcome addition now that he is injury-free," says New Zealand coach Craig Philpott.
"With Stephen and Jordie not available, we needed extra cover at first-five-eight.
Ciarahn's time with the Chiefs Under 20 squad has gone well and he proved himself with the New Zealand Secondary Schools team last year. This is a good opportunity for him and one I am sure he will make the most of.
"We had hoped that Stephen would be available for selection. However, it's become clear he won't be ready in time for the tournament due to his ankle injury.
"As has been the case in previous years, players have been deemed unavailable for the Oceania tournament due to their Super Rugby commitments. No final decision on their availability for the World Championship in Georgia in May and June has been made."
Continued below.
Related Content Black Sticks overcome Japan in Hawkes Bay Construction begins on Chinese-funded stadium in Cambodia 1 year to go: Gold Coast counts down to Commonwealth Games
The squad will travel to the Gold Coast for matches against Fiji on April 28, Samoa on May 2, and Australia on May 6. All matches will be played at Bond University.
Australian coach Simon Cron has selected a squad of 29 that will face Samoa, Fiji and New Zealand with one eye on the World Rugby U20s Championship in Georgia this June.
Players currently unavailable for selection due to Super Rugby or Australian Sevens commitments include Sham Vui (Western Force), Jordan Uelese (Melbourne Rebels), Esei Haangana (Melbourne Rebels), Izaia Perese (Queensland Reds), Sione Tuipulotu (Melbourne Rebels), Liam McNamara (Aussie 7s), Henry Hutchison (Aussie 7s), Simon Kennewell (Aussie 7s) and Lachlan Anderson (Aussie 7s).
Australia will be looking to win the Oceania championship for the first time, having competed in the tournament since 2015. In 2016, Australia defeated New Zealand in a tight match to level the series at 1-1; the first-time Australia had defeated New Zealand at U20s level.
"We had a very short national camp last week and have coached some of the basic areas we need to do well to be successful. As a squad we had a chance to work on some cohesiveness in our ball skills and talk about key fundamentals around which we will base our attack and defensive systems," says Cron.
"We'll head into camp on the Gold Coast next Tuesday and we need to continue on from where we left off. We have to keep building on the boys' rugby brains as well as the tactical and technical coaching. There are some great boys in the group and I am looking forward to working with them more in detail over the coming weeks."
The Australian squad is subject to change depending on Super Rugby requirements leading into the tournament.
New Zealand Under 20s to Australia:
Forwards: Asafo Aumua (Wellington), JP Sauni (Auckland), Pouri Rakete-Stones (Hawke's Bay), Alex Fidow (Wellington), Ezekiel Lindenmuth (Auckland), Harrison Allan (Canterbury), Sam Caird (Waikato), Jacob Pierce (Auckland), Isaia Walker-Leawere (Wellington), Sam Slade (Auckland), Luke Jacobson (Waikato, c), Tom Christie (Canterbury), Adrian Choat (Auckland), Marino Mikaele-Tu'u (Hawke's Bay), Dalton Papali'i (Auckland), Ryan Coxon (Waikato), Tim Farrell (Hawke's Bay)
Backs: Kemara Hauiti-Parapara, Carlos Price (Wellington), Ere Enari (Canterbury, vc),
Ciarahn Matoe (Taranaki), Josh McKay (Canterbury), Tiaan Falcon (Hawke's Bay), Orbyn Leger (Counties Manukau), Thomas Umaga-Jensen (Wellington), Braydon Ennor (Canterbury), Tamati Tua (Northland), Tima Faingaanuuku (Tasman), Caleb Clarke (Auckland), Will Jordan (Canterbury), Jona Nareki (Otago)
Australian Under 20s for Oceania series:
Props: Harry Johnson-Holmes (NSW), Harry Chapman (NSW), Va'auli Fa'amausili (Victoria), Dan Matthew (NSW)
Hookers: Tom Horton (NSW), Efi Ma'afu (Queensland), Sama Malolo (Western Australia)
Locks: Harry Hockings (Queensland), Angus Blyth (Queensland), Ryan McCauley (NSW),
Darcy Swain (ACT)
Loose forwards: Lachlan Swinton (NSW), Angus Scott-Young (Queensland), Reece Hewat (Queensland), Liam Wright (Queensland), Angus Allen (ACT)
Halfbacks: Harry Nucifora (Queensland), Ryan Lonergan (ACT), Theo Strang (NSW)
First fives: Hamish Stewart (Queensland), Jack McGregor (Victoria)
Midfielders: Tony Hunt (Queensland), Nick Jooste (ACT), Dylan Riley (Queensland), Len Ikitau (ACT)
Wings: James Ramm (NSW), Jayden Ngamanu (Queensland)
Fullbacks: Semisi Tupou (Victoria), Jack Maddocks (Victoria)
- NZ Herald
1:54 Behind the scenes at the Velma Morrison auction in 2014 Pause
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
1:49 14-year-old pinball expert loves the game. Watch out. It's contagious.
0:49 Boise dogs have their day at See Spot Walk
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
#photoshoot #Alo#magazine #happynewyear2017 🎉💖💜💙💜💚❄🎄👑🎶
A video posted by Sara (@sorajavucelic) on Dec 31, 2016 at 4:35pm PST
Crown lawyers have filed an appeal of the B.C. Supreme Court's decision to stay charges against Jamie Bacon, one of the men accused in the “Surrey Six” murders.
In a statement issued Monday, the BC Prosecution Service announced it is asking the province's Court of Appeal to set aside the stay and order a new trial for Jamie Bacon, who was accused of first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit the murder of 21-year-old Corey Lal.
Lal and five others, including two bystanders, were killed in an execution-style massacre at Surrey's Balmoral Tower in October 2007.
BCPS said the appeal is a matter of public interest and that the Supreme Court ruling "reveals errors of law."
"A reasonable argument can be made that the ruling would not necessarily have been issued if the errors were not made," the statement read.
An abbreviated ruling released by the Supreme Court on Dec. 1 says Bacon's lawyers had obtained privileged information they were not allowed to use in his defence and could compromise his right to a fair trial.
"In part, this arose from the manner in which the police handled aspects of privileged and confidential information," the ruling said.
The judge also said the Crown cannot call someone Person X to the stand during trial.
In 2009, Person X, whose identity is protected by a publication ban, pleaded guilty to three counts of second-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder in connection with the killings.
The details of what led the judge to stay charges against Bacon, however, remain sealed by the court.
The decision sent shockwaves across B.C. earlier this month, with Premier John Horgan calling the ruling "a setback for all of us" that threatens to erode public trust in the justice system.
Attorney General David Eby also expressed his "tremendous disappointment" at the news.
"Where's the justice in this?" said Eileen Mohan whose son, Christopher Mohan was one of two bystanders died in the gangland killings along with Ed Schellenberg.
Bacon remains in custody on a separate charge of counselling the murder of an individual. His trial is scheduled to begin on April 3, 2018.
None of the allegations in that case have been proven in court.
- Above is a Total Divas bonus clip from this week's season finale with Nikki Bella teasing Brie Bella about not being her maid of honor.
- WWE stock was down 2.60% today, closing at $34.52 per share. Today's high was $35.66 and the low was $34.45. The stock set new closing highs on Wednesday and Thursday of this week.
See Also How Was Total Divas Viewership For The Season Seven Finale?, Comparison To Season Six Totals
- Vince McMahon tweeted the following on WWE Hall of Famer Andre the Giant when responding to HBO's trailer for their Andre documentary that premieres April 10th:
The Los Angeles Rams have one stud running back in Todd Gurley and a solid backup in recently tendered Malcolm Brown, but they're apparently not done exploring their options at the position. Mike Davis, formerly of the Seahawks, tweeted that he's going to L.A. on Monday, which was confirmed by Ian Rapoport as a visit with the Rams.
LA today 🙌🏾 — IG MikeDavisRB (@MikeDavisRB) March 19, 2018
Davis played six games for the Seahawks in 2017, rushing for 240 yards on 68 attempts (3.5 yards per carry). He added 15 catches for 131 yards, proving to be a valuable receiver out of the backfield.
He finished the year as Seattle's top running back, starting the final five games. In his career, he's averaged just 2.9 yards per carry, so he leaves plenty to be desired as a runner. However, maybe running behind an elite offensive line would improve his numbers.
5:11 Advocates of the Chumash Heritage National Marine Sanctuary explain why they support it Pause
1:07 Highlights: Atascadero girls soccer beats Dos Pueblos 3-1 in wild card playoff game
1:35 Crews working to patch a leaky levee at Tyler Island
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
2:16 Drone flies over Lake Oroville Auxiliary Spillway
1:53 Salud Carbajal talks about his priorities in Congress
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
A female bald eagle nursed back to health after being found injured and emaciated at Fort Hunter Liggett 7 months ago was released back into the wild Wednesday. The 12-year-old bird, known only by its A23 tag, was one of more than 100 bald eagles introduced back to the Channel Islands as part of a breeding program.
GIF
Today on Highlight Reel we have Jojo references, PUBG pans, Fortnite rocket snipes and much more!
Watch the video then talk about your favorite highlight in the comments below. Be sure to check out, like, and share the original videos via the links below. Subscribe to Kotaku on YouTube for more! Catch up on all the episodes on the Highlight Reel Youtube playlist!
Highlight Reel is Kotaku's regular roundup of great plays, stunts, records and other great moments from around the gaming world. If you record an amazing feat while playing a game (here's how to record a clip), send it to us with a message confirming that the clip is yours at highlightreel@kotaku.com. Or, if you see a great clip around that isn't yours, encourage that person to send it in!
Each year, the Financial Times gathers the best of its coverage of the Arab world. Here are the stories from 2017 that point to the most significant regional trends in business
GHARYAN - Dozens of Sub-Saharan African migrants at a Libya detention centre got to their knees and crossed their wrists above their heads to protest their imprisonment.
They staged their protest at the Al-Hamra shelter in Gharyan, 100 kilometres (60 miles) south of Tripoli, during a visit Friday by Mabruk Mohammad al-Targui, the tourism minister of Libya's fragile unity government.
"This gesture is a call for freedom," said Saddam, from Sudan's Darfur region, who fears being forced to return to a homeland ravaged by war.
"We have been in this detention centre four months," he said. "For more than a month no organisation has come to see us."
Most of the detainees are from of Chad, Somalia, Eritrea or Darfur. Many worked and saved for years before attempting the trip to Europe, leaving behind violence and insecurity at home.
But Libya itself is far from safe. Rocked by lawlessness since the NATO-backed 2011 uprising that toppled and killed longtime dictator Moamer Kadhafi, it has become a key transit country for illicit migration.
Migrants take major risks passing through the North African country.
In October, following weeks of deadly clashes around the western city of Sabratha, a major departure point for migrants attempting perilous sea voyages to Europe, more than 3,000 were arrested.
Between 800 and 1,000 were transferred to the Al-Hamra centre, where they are crammed into 12 buildings intended for around 200 people.
On Friday the centre organised a party with African music and dance to "help them forget their suffering", according to shelter director Colonel Al-Bahloul Shananah.
He said the event also aimed to highlight "the need to intervene quickly and find solutions for these people".
But he voiced scepticism over the migrants' protest.
"They make this sign to indicate that they are detained," Shananah said. "But their presence... in the shelters is for a reason: they entered Libyan territory illegally."
"These young Africans, if we open the doors to them, they will go back to sea," he added. "We will see new tragedies and thousands of deaths."
Janine Southby is growing tired of the Silver Ferns' see-saw.
"We need to learn how to win without having to lose first," the New Zealand coach said ahead of tomorrow's second Constellation Cup test in Christchurch, where her side will be looking to level the series against Australia after a disappointing 57-54 loss in Thursday night's opener in Auckland.
After a stunning 10-goal win over Australia in last month's Quad Series finale, which saw the Ferns claim their first series win over the Diamonds since 2012, the New Zealand side were in position to pile more pressure on the Australians in Thursday night's Constellation Cup opener.
After a tumultuous few months, which saw star midcourter and vice-captain Madi Robinson dropped from the team and several other senior players put on notice, back-to-back losses to New Zealand would have sent the Diamonds programme into a spin.
Advertisement
Instead, the Ferns helped inject a healthy dose of confidence back into Australian netball, having allowed themselves to be outhustled on their home court.
Southby has every confidence in her side's ability to deliver a strong response at Horncastle Arena this weekend. Across last month's Quad Series and three-test series against England, the Ferns produced their best performances on the back of a loss.
But she is frustrated the Ferns have again put themselves under pressure to redress the result, rather than having a strong platform to build on for the next match.
"A loss makes you look really hard at ourselves and sometimes your greatest learnings come out of that," Southby said.
"I guess that challenge going forward, especially looking ahead to the Commonwealth Games, is being able to perform every day consistently and nailing every game there, because you don't get any second chances there."
The players undergoing the most self-examination over the tight two-day turnaround are three of the Ferns' most experienced in Katrina Grant, Maria Tutaia and Shannon Francois, who all had lacklustre performances in Auckland.
Grant and Tutaia are proven performers against Australia, and Southby will be confident the pair will make the necessary adjustments for game two, but Francois remains an ongoing concern.
The Southern Steel star has struggled to stamp her mark on the centre position this season after being handed the bib fulltime in the absence of Laura Langman, who has been off-bounds to selectors after taking up a contract across the Tasman.
Francois was benched in the third quarter of Thursday night's opener, after failing to make her presence felt in the midcourt. In her place, Sam Sinclair, who took the court at wing defence in the first half, added much-needed drive and energy.
The dilemma facing Southby now is whether she gives Sinclair, who has long drawn comparisons with Langman, the time to develop her centre game at the possible expense of Francois' confidence.
Southby said the impact the likes of Sinclair, Kayla Cullen and Temalisi Fakahokotau made off the bench has given the coaching staff a lot to think about as they contemplate their line-up for tomorrow's match.
"I think we've got some exciting young talent and they are starting to find their feet and I look forward to them putting their hands up over the coming days."
Constellation Cup
Game 2: Tomorrow, 2.15pm
Horncastle Arena, Christchurch
Three things to look for
1. How will Katrina Grant respond?
Matched up against two wily goal attacks in Susan Pettitt and Steph Wood, the New Zealand skipper had one of her quietest outings in recent memory on Thursday night in Auckland, with her most significant contribution to the stats sheet being in the penalties column. The pressure is on Grant to make the necessary adjustments and provide strong leadership if the Ferns are to get themselves back into the series.
2. Who will Janine Southby plump for in the centre bib?
The Ferns coach has made no secret of her desire to build depth in the centre position over this series, with Shannon Francois having a heavy workload so far this season. Sam Sinclair made a strong impact at centre off the bench in Thursday night's loss - will Southby reward her performance with a start tomorrow?
3. The scoreline
With the two sides looking so evenly matched, there is the possibility the four-test series could end in a draw. If that is the case, the Constellation Cup will be decided by goal percentage, so while it is still early days in the series, the Ferns will give their chances a big boost if they win well in Christchurch.
Santa Barbara Yacht Club event benefits the new Serenity House and marks a day of remembrance on 10th anniversary of 9/11
Sunday, Sept. 11, marked a day of remembrance, solidarity and celebration at the Seventh Annual Charity Regatta held at the Santa Barbra Yacht Club and benefiting Serenity House, Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care's new hospice inpatient facility in Santa Barbara.
The Santa Barbara Yacht Club, founded in 1872, seven years after the Civil War, opened the historic clubhouse to friends, family members and fellow Santa Barbarians for a fun-filled afternoon of food, festivities and competitive boat racing.
In honor of the 10th anniversary of 9/11, this year's event was also deemed a tribute to U.S. Marine Corps 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, also known as 3/5 Dark Horse from Camp Pendleton, who recently returned from a seven-month tour in Afghanistan.
“We wanted to honor the significance of the day and the men and women who have served both locally and abroad,” Staff Commodore Tony Papa said. “And we wanted to run a great Regatta and powerboat competition.”
Under mild temperatures, calm winds and billowy overcast skies, the activities commenced shortly after noon and the Santa Barbara Yacht Club bustled with activity. Live music poured from the second-floor balcony and guests mingled on the outdoor balcony overlooking the harbor, Stearns Wharf and the Pacific Ocean with scenic mountains beyond.
Hundreds of spectators arrived clad in baseball hats, T-shirts, jeans and sneakers eager to test out their sea legs as volunteers handed out programs and name tags and assigned guests to join spectator boats hosted by Yacht Club members. People paired off into small groups and walked along the harbor assisted by smiling young sailors from the Youth Sailing Foundation who escorted passengers to the boats.
An assemblage of powerboats and sailboats glided effortlessly across the gleaming water with elated passengers in tow and sails reflecting the calm ebb and flow of the sea.
Spectators lounged on decks, waving and calling out to other passing boats surrounded by the whitewashed buildings and red-tiled roofs of picturesque Santa Barbara with the Channel Islands in the distance.
Three Viper One planes made repeated flyovers above the harbor area to commemorate and pay tribute to 9/11 victims and the honorees, 3/5 Dark Horse.
A Missing Man formation paid tribute to fallen men and women of the armed forces during the air show when one of the planes broke formation, emitting gray exhaust from the rear of the plane. And Commodore Jack Byers called for a moment of silence before announcing the start of the boat races.
Sun rays magically parted through thick clouds, revealing patches of blue sky just in time for the boat races as principal race officer Brad Schaupeter announced the races with co-host and Rear Commodore Francie Lufkin, who will be the first female commodore in the history of the Santa Barbara Yacht Club.
Forty boats competed in the highly charged and competitive Charity Regatta. First-place winners included skipper Dirk Freeland on Skian Dhu, who won the Performance Handicap Racing Fleet Race. Skipper Max Lynn on Tranquility won the Club Handicap Racing Fleet Race, and skipper Kenny Kiedings on E won the Harbor 20s, H2O Fleet Race.
“This is the third time that we have been a spectator boat for the regatta, and we participate not only to be part of the Yacht Club experience but for the great causes the money goes to,” said Louise Casey on El Sonador, Yacht Club member since 2004.
After the races, passengers returned to the clubhouse for a traditional barbecue on the club's front lawn where guests lined up along large barbecue pits to take turns charbroiling chicken, salmon and hamburgers. Event donors Jordano's, Italia Pizza & Pasta, Chateau Ste. Michelle and Santa Barbara Urban Wine Trail donated wine and beer for the event, and Impulse Communications offered tasty “Blue Pulse Cocktails” from a beach hut.
During the welcome presentation, Commodore Jack Byers praised Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care for outstanding work within the community. Byers has a personal affiliation with the organization as VNHC has helped several family members inflicted with cancer pass away with dignity.
“Me and my wife Karen really wish to thank VNHC,” Byers said. “They were there for us on all these occasions, and we don't know if we would have gotten through some of it without you.”
Papa thanked board and committee members, sponsors, individual donors and host organizations for in-kind donations and raffle prizes.
“Our objectives, going back to January, were to raise money for VNHC's Serenity House, but also, very specifically, to go to a subsidized care program for people who cannot afford to be at Serenity House,” he said.
VNHC board chairwoman Michelle Martinich also spoke on behalf of the organization and the new 27,300-square-foot Serenity House with extra beds delivering critical additional hospice care in the Santa Barbara region.
“We just opened Serenity House over the last few months, and it is an amazing place,” Martinich said. “We have this beautiful new facility with an unobstructed view of Santa Barbara, courtyards with fountains, and beds that can roll onto a beautiful patio with spectacular views. The point of Serenity House is that nobody dies alone, and there's somewhere to go even if you don't have family in town or nobody to care for you.”
Martinitch said she was honored by the special guests, 3/5 Dark Horse, because her father served 21 years in the Marines and retired as a master sergeant.
“As the daughter of a Marine, I need to honor the wives and children of Marines because that is not always easy,” Martinitch said over a roar of applause and whistles from onlookers.
Highlights from the Traditional Trophy Presentation Award Ceremony included Janet Davis, 91, recipient of the 2011 Hospice Volunteer of the Year Award, who was given a beautiful Tiffany & Co. vase provided by The Bank of Santa Barbara. Byers on Serengeti was also awarded the coveted Predicted Log Trophy for the power boat race, and the Yachts of Love Perpetual Trophy was won by Mary Lee Hopkins on Allegro Non Tropo, whose crew also raised the most money on the day of the race.
Darling 5-year-old Margot Ava Rodriguez sung her heart out and brought tears to the eyes of many onlookers in the audience during her serenade of “Proud to Be an American.”
The Yacht Club was honored to open its doors and boats to the community for a great cause and a special day.
“It's great to take our friends and neighbors out to see this beautiful city from the water and share in the spectacular views,” Papa said. “Thus, the theme ‘Yachts of Love' was at work.
“And, it is an added bonus that the Santa Barbara Navy League was hosting the Marines on this weekend and we were able to open our doors to them in a real big way.”
The Charity Regatta raised $130,000 with proceeds from the event benefiting VNHC and Serenity House. Sponsors included:
» Commodore Level: The Bank of Santa Barbara, the Hutton Parker Foundation and Impulse Communications
» Vice Commodore Level: American Riviera Bank, Ed and Ann Brady, the Mithun Family Foundation and the Venoco Foundation
» Rear Commodore Level: Geoff and Alison Rusack, Victor Atkins, the Dreier Family Foundation, Frank Schipper Construction and Noozhawk
» Staff Commodore Level: Brown & Brown Insurance, Community West Bank, Jack ‘N Tool Box, Young Construction, Seacoast Yachts, Seed, Mackall LLP, the Schlinger Chrisman Foundation, Holland Electronics, the Santa Barbara Urban Wine Trail and PMSM Architects
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews, and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
Black Forest Firewood is offering legally sourced firewood to all of Sydney. Firewood comes in many types: soft or hard woods, quick to light or difficult to light, long lasting burn, fast burning, large flames or small flames.
What ever your requirement Blackforest Firewood can accomodate. Firewood is sold by the volume, and our own is sold by 2 cubic meter bins. Seasoned firewood is the best to work with, as it will light rapidly and consume longer than the non-prepared assortment. If you require fires that expend perfectly and profitably, you should simply use firewood that has been fittingly prepared, or dried. Using green, or wet, wood can realize smoking issues, notice issues, and revived progression of creosote, which can prompt a risky chimney fire.
Appropriately seasoned firewood will usually have darkened ends with noticeable breaks or parts and will be significantly lighter than green wood. You can in like manner thump two bits of the wood together, and if you hear a reasonable thumping sound, the wood is in all likelihood prepared. Firewood is generally sold by the volume, and our own is sold by the cubic cm. What you arrange in volume is conveyed as our bins have been guaranteed by the Firewood Association.
Firewood Delivery Sydney supplies sustainable and legally sourced firewood. Originally based in Prospect, our yard has recently moved to a rural setting at Badgerys Creek where we have continued our firewood supply to all of Sydney. Firewood correct moisture content should be less than 25%. Compliance with the National Code of Practise for Firewood Suppliers, we supply different Firewood types: Ironbark, Redgum, Box, Standard Eco-Hardwood and Kindling.
In addition to this, we offer wood cleaning service. Likewise, wood cleaning service success rate is 98-99%. Wood will be dropped as close as conceivable to you wanted spot, contingent upon access for truck. Stacking of the Firewood is the responsibily of the beneficiary. When we are on your property, proper care is taken. We have a choice of timber logs which can be purchased for milling, wood turning and furthermore for the unusual.
About the Company:
Originally based in Prospect, Black Forest Firewood has been providing top quality and legally sourced firewood for 35 years. Our other products include blocked timber, hollow logs, whole logs and party wood.
Contact details:
Address: Black Forest Firewood
80 Beresford Road
Greystanes,NSW,2145
Australia
Phone no: 0418 401 069
02 9631 5899
US president Donald Trump has said a partisan memo released by House Republicans “totally vindicates” him in the investigation into Russian election interference, complaining the “witch hunt” would go “on and on” even though there had been no collusion or obstruction of justice.
Mr Trump, in Florida for the weekend, took to Twitter to proclaim his innocence and denounce the investigation a day after he had authorised the release of the highly contentious classified memo.
The document claimed top law enforcement officials had abused their powers to spy on a Trump campaign adviser, Carter Page, who was suspected of being an agent of Russia.
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
“This memo totally vindicates ‘Trump' in probe,” the president wrote in a Twitter post. “But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!”
The memo, while trying to paint the origins of the Russia investigation as tainted, did nothing to clear Mr Trump of either collusion or obstruction – the lines of inquiry being pursued by the special counsel, Robert Mueller.
The memo in fact undermined Republicans' effort to cast doubt on the roots of the investigation by confirming the inquiry was already under way when law enforcement officials obtained a warrant from a secret intelligence court to conduct surveillance on Mr Page.
Democrat dismissal
The Republican document, which Democrats dismissed as containing cherry-picked information and focusing on an obscure figure in the Trump campaign, confirms a primary factor in the opening of the investigation in July 2016 was initial contacts between a former Trump foreign policy adviser, George Papadopoulos, and Russian intermediaries.
Mr Trump has become increasingly open about his dissatisfaction with top law enforcement officials, as Mr Mueller continues to interview former and current White House staff members.
On Friday, after declassifying the memo, the president hinted that senior leaders in the Justice Department and the FBI should face consequences for conduct he called “a disgrace”.
Cox Communications is proud to announce that the locally produced television show BackBeat on Cox8 won another Emmy this year featuring episodes on The Tearaways, Carbonaro Guitars and solo artist Haddon Cord, in the Magazine Program/Special Category.
BackBeat is a 30-minute show locally produced by Cox Communications for Cox 8 and has aired for three years. Last year the show won an Emmy for an episode that highlighted Seymour Duncan and his company Seymour Duncan, the largest maker of guitar pickups in the world, located in Santa Barbara.
The Emmys recognize outstanding achievements in television. The National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, Pacific Southwest Chapter Emmy Awards ceremony was held at the Red Rock Casino & Spa in Las Vegas.
BackBeat is taped at Playback Recording Studio in Santa Barbara, and is broadcast in Santa Barbara, San Diego and Orange County. BackBeat is a collaboration of creator/producer Michael Johansen, producer Lou Fontana and executive producer Brock Hoffman, all employees of Cox Communications Santa Barbara.
“Backbeat was created to highlight local people and organizations that use music to make a difference. It has been wonderful to be able to showcase all of the talented local artists, musicians and organizations that support our community,” Hoffman said. “Through this show, we get an insider's look at the many aspects of the local music world from craftsmen that make guitars, to schools that use music as education. We've met so many interesting and talented people along the way, so it is such an honor to have our work recognized with an Emmy. Cox8 has a long commitment to this community, and this is yet another way that we are able to feature some of our wonderful local talent.”
The show highlights people and organizations that use music to make a difference in our community. It is hosted by Shannon Decker and co-hosted by Tucker Bodine.
Bodine is the owner of Playback Recording Studio and donates his recording studio for recording some of BackBeat's interviews and music videos.
BackBeat is broadcast in Santa Barbara at 8:30 p.m. every Friday, Saturday and Sunday on Cox 8. It is also broadcast in Orange County on Cox 3 and in HD in San Diego on Cox 4. BackBeat's major sponsor is the Santa Barbara Bowl. The Bowl's Education Outreach supports music and arts programs in Santa Barbara, many that have been highlighted on BackBeat.
— Sarah Clark is the public affairs manager for Cox Communications Santa Barbara.
Leicester have sacked director of rugby Richard Cockerill, with head coach Aaron Mauger taking “interim charge” at Welford Road.
The Tigers have dropped out of the Aviva Premiership's play-off berths after consecutive defeats to Exeter and Saracens, following closely from the record 38-0 European defeat at the hands of Munster.
Former England hooker Cockerill has coached at Leicester since 2004 and took the full reins as rugby director in 2010.
Leicester's slender 16-12 defeat to Saracens at Welford Road on New Year's Day proved the final straw for the Tigers board, who have moved swiftly to unseat their former front-rower Cockerill.
“It is with great sadness and regret that I leave my position as director of rugby with immediate effect,” said Cockerill.
“I still believe that I am the right person to lead the team at this present time but respect the board's decision to make the change as they see fit in the best interests of the club.
“I wish to thank the club and in particular (chief executive) Simon Cohen and (chairman) Peter Tom for giving me the opportunity to lead this great club and the support they have given me in the last seven years.
“I arrived back at the club in 2004 as an academy coach and leave as director of rugby with a record that speaks for itself and stands up against any in club rugby in the world.
“This club has made me the person and the coach I am today and I will never forget what they have done for me.
“I wish (club captain) Tom Youngs and the team the very best for the future and will miss being part of the Tigers family.”
Former All Blacks centre Mauger will take coaching control while Leicester launch their search for Cockerill's successor.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Tigers head coach Aaron Mauger will be in interim charge of team affairs working with coaches Richard Blaze and Geordan Murphy and the existing support staff,” read Leicester's statement.
“The board will also conduct a review of the coaching structure to determine an appropriate way forward.”
Cockerill made 262 appearances as a hooker at Leicester between 1992 and 2002, winning five league titles, two domestic cups and back-to-back European crowns.
The 46-year-old, who won 27 caps for England, returned to Leicester after a spell in France, working through the coaching hierarchy before taking overall control in 2010.
Cockerill led Leicester to the Premiership final in 2011 and 2012, before his Tigers side lifted the league title in 2013.
“We thank Richard for his loyal and dedicated service as a player, coach and director of rugby,” said Leicester chairman Tom.
“He has a great passion for the club and for the game of rugby, and has shared in many massive occasions with the Tigers.
“The club always has aspirations to contest the major honours in the game and that remains unchanged but the board believes this is the right time to make a change.”
TOKYO (AP) — Asian shares were mixed Tuesday as some indexes recouped earlier losses set off by an overnight decline on Wall Street. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairman, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.5 percent to finish at 21,380.97. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.4 percent to 5,936.40, while South Korea's Kospi inched up 0.2 percent to 2,479.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 31,524.83, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.3 percent higher to 3,289.80.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
Advertisement
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 55 cents to $62.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, also gained 55 cents to $62.60 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.27 yen from 105.92 late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2341 from $1.2267.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP
His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
NEW YORK CITY (AP) — The Weinstein Co. filed for bankruptcy protection on Monday with a buyout offer in hand from a private equity firm, the latest twist in its efforts to survive the sexual misconduct scandal that brought down co-founder Harvey Weinstein, shook Hollywood and triggered a movement that spread out to convulse other industries.
The company also announced it was releasing any victims of or witnesses to Weinstein's alleged misconduct from non-disclosure agreements preventing them from speaking out. That step had long been sought by New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who filed a lawsuit against the company last month on behalf of its employees.
The Weinstein Co. said it has entered into a “stalking horse” agreement with an affiliate of Dallas-based Lantern Capital Partners as part of its bankruptcy protection filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware. That means Lantern has agreed to buy the company, subject to approval from the court.
The company made the filing about two weeks after negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors falls apart. Lantern, which had been one of those investors, has now offered to buy most of the assets of the company and keep on its employees, the Weinstein Co. said.
Other bidders also could emerge, particularly those interested in the company's lucrative 277-film library, which includes award-winning films from big-name directors like Quentin Tarantino and horror releases from its Dimension label. Free of liabilities, the company's assets could increase in value in a bankruptcy.
The movie and TV studio becomes the first high-profile company to be forced into bankruptcy in the nationwide outcry over workplace sexual misconduct. Dozens of prominent men in entertainment, media, finance, politics and other realms have seen their careers derailed, but no other company has seen its very survival as tightly intertwined with the fate of one man as the Weinstein Co.
In more fallout over the scandal, New York's governor directed the state attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office not to prosecute a 2015 case involving an Italian model who said Weinstein groped her.
Weinstein, who was fired as CEO of his company in October, has denied any allegations of non-consensual sex.
Hanging in the balance is the fate of more than 100 employees and several lawsuits filed by Weinstein's accusers.
Under bankruptcy protection, those lawsuits will be halted and no new legal claims can be brought against the company. Secured creditors will get priority for payment over the women suing the company.
However, the lawsuit filed by Schneiderman's office will not be automatically halted because it was filed by a law enforcement agency.
The bankruptcy process also will bring the company's finances into public view, including the extent of its debt. Negotiations to sell the company to a group of investors led by businesswoman Maria Contreras-Sweet fell apart earlier this month after the buyers claimed they discovered up to $64 million in undisclosed liabilities, including $27 million in residuals and profit participation. Those liabilities come on top of $225 million in debt, which the buyers had said they would be prepared to take on as part of a $500 million acquisition deal.
The Weinstein Co. already had been struggling financially before the scandal erupted in October with a news story in The New York Times and The New Yorker. Brothers Harvey and Bob Weinstein started the company in 2005 after leaving Miramax, the company they founded in 1979 and which became a powerhouse in `90s indie film with hits like “Pulp Fiction.” After finding success with Oscar winners “The Artist” and “The King's Speech,” the Weinstein Co.'s output and relevance diminished in recent years. The company let go 50 employees in 2016 and continuously shuffled release dates while short of cash.
Several other executives and all but three members of the board of directors also have left the company. Last year, the studio sold distribution rights for the movie “Paddington 2” to Warner Bros. for more than $30 million.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Northants and Warwickshire tasted frustration in Birmingham as rain washed out their Royal London One-Day Cup clash.
On a day of unrelenting grey cloud and long spells of drizzle, the Edgbaston groundstaff toiled nobly to try to get a game on, only for the weather to close in each time a start was near.
After the initial 2pm start was delayed, the umpires scheduled start times for games of 33-overs-per-side, 24 overs and 18 overs, but the rain always had the final say.
One point apiece from the call-off left both sides in mid-table in the group with Warwickshire on six points from five games and the Steelbacks on five from five.
Northants are next in action on Friday when they will face Derbyshire in a day-nighter at the County Ground.
By Udeme Akpan
Nigeria's youth unemployment, estimated at 40 million youths would soon drop as the Federal Government has short listed 300,000 youths for immediate training and engagement.
The youths, drawn from the 36 States of the federation were short listed from a total of 2.5 million who applied for the programme this year.
The Senior Special Adviser to the Presidency on Jobs Creation and Youths Empowerment, Afolabi Imokhuede, who confirmed the development, said the youths would be attached to reputable organisations with capacity to train them in areas such as renewable energy, oil and gas, construction and agriculture.
According to him, the training would last for three months while attachment to organisations would last for about one year.
He said that such organisations may grant some of them permanent employment, while others would have to form clusters to enable them offer professional services to operators in different sectors of the nation's economy.
The management of Lagos Deep Offshore Logistics Base (LADOL) also disclosed that it would assist to train and build the capacity of youths in many areas, including oil and gas, fabrication and welding.
The company disclosed this when the United State Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) its premises noted that has commended the Lagos Deep Offshore Logistics Base (LADOL) as a safe haven for investment and having great capacity for job creation in the African sub-region.
Investigations showed that the action of the government would go a long way towards complementing the efforts of the private sector to enhance capacity building and employment in the nation.
It showed that many stakeholders have started to show interest in tackling the issues as a result of its negative impact on the nation's economy.
#SURPRISE Yup We have a bun in the oven! 😍🍔 thank you @iamkelmitchell for loving me unconditionally from the very beginning!! I am blessed enough to get to call you my best friend & my husband everyday & now I get to call you my baby daddy! Lolol I love you so much! 😘😙😚 #thankyouJesus🙏 #Blessed #specialdelivery #BlessedWife ❤️ photo credit: 📸📷 @ohmyjosephine
A post shared by Asia Lee (@therealasialee) on Feb 14, 2017 at 7:42am PST
Girls lacrosse: Neuqua Valley rolls past Glenbard West
hello
One minute, 36 seconds.
That's all the time it took on a blustery Monday for the Neuqua Valley girls lacrosse team to build an insurmountable lead against visiting Glenbard West.
The Wildcats scored a pair of goals within 16 seconds of each other after winning the first two faceoffs of the game, courtesy of junior Peyton Metry and sophomore Caroline Perkins, both attacks. Then sophomore midfielder Lauren Reitzel added another with 23:24 left in the half.
That was all Neuqua Valley needed en route to a 19-2 win over the Hilltoppers, to improve to 2-0 overall and against the West Suburban Silver. The Wildcats beat Lyons Twp. 8-7 Thursday. They will face another WSC Silver opponent Thursday when they play Oak Park-River Forest.
"It's nice coming into a game believing that you're the stronger team," said Metry, who like Reitzel tallied four times this night. "The mentality coming in is the most important thing."
"I feel like lacrosse is a big mental game," Reitzel added. "You have to prepare for it mentally and physically."
That mental edge helped the Wildcats build fast on their lead. There was junior midfielder Christine Corbin with a goal at 20:18 and another from senior attack MaryFaye Keen at 18:48. Junior midfielder Brenda Anderson tallied at 15:05 with a drive down the middle with a shot into the right corner of the net. Sophomore Caroline Perkins added another 19 seconds later. Suddenly, the Wildcats were up 7-0.
They never looked back, and minor disappointments -- like a near goal by sophomore attack Muneeza Shams at 11:48 -- were ignored completely.
You may be noticing a pattern here: A lot of names next to the goals in the scoring column. And you'd be right. Eight players scored for Neuqua Valley -- Metry and Reitzel with 4 apiece; Perkins with 3; Corbin and freshman attack Zoey Laipple with 2; and Anderson and senior attack Kaylee Garcia with 1.
The common theme for the Wildcats was blistering speed and astute stickhandling, something first-year coach John Scanlon has been emphasizing.
"We're definitely a fast team, and we're definitely deep enough where we can keep that speed up," he said. "Our attack is doing a great job in helping us out in that regard."
On the surface you'd think it was a tough night for the Hilltoppers, and while that was mostly true, there were several bright spots. Senior midfielder Nicole Lekatsos got Glenbard West on the scoreboard with a goal under the glove of Wildcats goalie Emma Litzer with 8:07 left in the first half. Senior Anne McKeown added another tally in a scrum in front of the Neuqua Valley net with 6:50 to go in the game.
But the Hilltoppers were hampered by the fact that one of their main offensive threats, junior Tessa Erickson, drew plenty of attention from the Wildcats' defense.
"There was a lot of pressure on the midfield," Erickson said. "We were focusing on trying to pass it up as opposed to having one player run it up all the time. We had a few pretty successful runs in which we were able to pass it all the way down the field, which was helpful."
Added Hilltoppers coach Laura Finfrock: "I think my girls played really well. I think we just played against a finesse team and that's what caught us off guard. I think the girls learned a lot from this game."
As mental health advocates and experts shed light on health conditions affecting African-Americans, such as depression, post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental health conditions, some mental health experts say resources and awareness are still lacking for disorders such as anxiety.
Affecting over 40 million adults in the U.S., there are various types of anxiety disorders ,including generalized anxiety disorder, panic disorder and phobias. Having anxiety affects one's daily activities, personal relationships and can impact one's health.
Angela Neal-Barnett, a director of Kent State's Program for Research on Anxiety Disorders among African-Americans within the school's Department of Psychology, told NBC News that for years, no one was writing about anxiety and blackness because researchers assumed anxiety disorders affected African-Americans the same as whites. While on an internship as part of her studies, she was told that the only things African-Americans were afraid of were roaches and rats.
“Anxiety is the most common mental health disorder in the United States and impacts African-Americans at a higher rate than any other group — especially African-American women,” she said. “When I was a doctoral student I had some questions about anxiety but did not believe what the experts of the day were saying about it.”
Angela Neal-Barnett Courtesy Angela Neal-Barnett
A 2005 report by the National Institute of Mental Health stated that African-Americans were less likely to experience anxiety than whites. But according to a 2010 report by the National Center for Biotechnology Information, African-Americans were diagnosed with PTSD more than whites .
The author of "Soothe Your Nerves: The Black Woman's Guide to Understanding and Overcoming Anxiety, Panic, and Fear," Neal-Barnett focuses her research on the topic of blackness and anxiety to dispel mental health myths about African-Americans and open the dialogue in black communities.
“What I try to do is look within the context of how we live and how we talk about things within various black communities,” Neal-Barnett said. “What I have discovered in my research and in my work is that African-Americans have not had a name for what they were experiencing."
Touchstone
Neal-Barnett said many people believe having anxiety is normal and African-Americans have a long history of calling anxiety "nerves or other issues." She said one's family as well their religious institution can influence these thoughts.
“We are taught that anxiety is the result of something we are doing wrong,” she said. “If we pray a little harder, if we keep ourselves in the word more we would not be experiencing this. And yet we forget that in both the Old and New Testaments of the Bible, we see the evidence of panic attacks. Like when Elijah ran after being threatened with death, or when Jesus is in the Garden of Gethsemane wailing and crying. If those are not panic attacks, then I don't know what is.”
Although anxiety can have a negative impact on one's life, it can be managed. Neal-Barnett gives the following tips on how to overcome anxiety:
Become aware of our anxiety and combat it
"Some anxiety motivates us. It makes us better people. But there are some people where their anxiety interferes with their lives. And when it interferes with your life, that is when anxiety becomes a disorder."
Call it what it is
"You have to put a name to it: 'I have social anxiety. I have panic attacks.' By calling it what it is, you can then accept what is happening to you. By accepting what is happening to you, you can figure out how to deal with your anxiety, what is triggering your anxiety and the best route to manage your anxiety."
Figure out how to counteract your anxiety
"When we are anxious, a lot of times it is because our mind is keeping us anxious. We have to learn to recognize we are doing anxious thinking and then empty our minds of anxious thoughts. We teach people to recognize that their thinking is anxious, and then we teach them how to change that thinking through cognitive restructuring. We use musical cognitive restructuring. In our research, we have had our subjects find a song or write/record a theme song so that when they recognize the anxious thinking, what they then do is use their theme song to push out the anxious thoughts and replace with them positive thoughts. Some people do puzzles. Some will say a prayer. Find what works for you."
Don't be afraid to ask for help
"There is no shame in asking for help. Anxiety is quite easy to treat; particularly if your anxiety is treated early. It is treatable and you can reclaim your life. Find someone who understands your issues or find a therapist. Cognitive behavior therapy is the best therapy. Some do it with a combination of therapy and medication. Medication kind of takes the edge off the anxiety, but to truly overcome your anxiety, you really have to do the psychological work."
Follow NBCBLK on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
by Walt Amses
While the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles have been practicing for a game that may very well eventually kill them, millions of Americans have been preparing to consume enough calories, cholesterol, sodium, and alcohol to contribute to their own untimely deaths as well. Fair is fair after all, and it's heartening that the expectation for modern day gladiators to risk their lives for our entertainment is reciprocated by fan willingness to jeopardize their own by choking on a chicken wing, drowning in a sea of guacamole, or confusing five gallons of synthetic cheese dip with food.
This Sunday, the National Football League will again magically cram 10 or 15 minutes of actual football into hour after hour of unbridled commercialism interrupted by Justin Timberlake surrounded by carefully vetted fans, enthusiastically bouncing on cue, and mind numbing analysis by ex-jocks and former coaches, who dissect plays, check formations and illustrate strategies as though discussing physics instead of grown men banging their heads together. Face it. Having been a great quarterback does not equate with Terry Bradshaw being Einstein.
Although Super Bowl Sunday is not an official holiday, malls, ski slopes, and even some afternoon church services see their attendance tail off dramatically, while pizza deliveries more than double, with an estimated 12.5 million orders averaging $26 per., making it the food of choice during what has become the second largest food consumption day in America, trailing only Thanksgiving in that department. In 2017, Pizza Hut hired 11,000 additional workers in anticipation of the Super deluge.
This Sunday, fans will endure endless, less than subliminal messages to eat more chips, drink more beer, and drive really, really big trucks faster than they should. They'll meet the challenge by downing 28 million pounds of chips, guzzling enough beer to compete with New Year's Eve and St. Patrick's Day, and keep the police busy with an annual spike in drunk driving and related accidents.
But the gastronomical risks taken celebrating football's final curtain call are nothing compared to those faced by the players considering the train-wreck intensity of every play at this level of competition. While the NFL is quick to tout the precautions taken to make the game safer and specifically to prevent head injuries, it should be noted that league spent several decades denying the connection between football and traumatic brain injury and the myriad of debilitating post-football conditions that compromise the quality of life experienced by many former players.
With $13 billion in annual profits, professional football isn't going anywhere any time soon but there are several warning signs that the league is taking seriously, not the least of which is a small but steady drop in both attendance and TV ratings over the last several years. Coupled with controversy over players taking a knee in protest, wary parents less likely to sign consent forms, and increasingly empty seats, the potential loss of revenue has owners rightfully concerned.
Some owners lamented protests “politicizing” the game, forgetting momentarily that a military color guard raising the flag, Air Force flyovers prior to kickoff, ever-present salutes to the armed forces, and even the anthem itself clearly imply that this is America's game. The clever juxtaposition of football and patriotism is brilliant marketing, conflating the NFL with love of country and support for the troops. It's unclear whether fans doffing caps and placing hands over hearts are pledging fealty to the flag or the NFL. Mission accomplished.
As the media circus surrounding Sunday's game escalates, questions arise over Patriot's tight end Rob Gronkowski, now in the league's concussion protocol after absorbing a vicious helmet-to-helmet hit in the AFC championship game with Jacksonville, and the 40-year-oldTom Brady, considered with near unanimity the best quarterback ever to take the field. Of course fans wonder how effective “Gronk” will be and whether Brady's seeming invincibility will lead to another New England championship.
But as we slather BBQ sauce on the ribs and put the beer on ice, we might remember this weekend's dietary indiscretions can be easily reversed with a week or two of clean living. In fact, we can join the estimated 1.5 million fans who will call in sick the Monday after SuperBowl or the millions of others who will arrive late, pampering ourselves back into fine fettle.
It's different for the players. Head injuries don't have to rise to concussion-level to be dangerous. New research finds that even sub-concussive trauma, which happens hundreds of times during a game, can lead to CTE (Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy) early onset dementia, ALS, and a host of other debilitating ailments down the road. The gift that keeps on giving, long after a player's final game.
So as we take our seats and charge our glasses for the grand finale, we should be mindful of the fragility of Gronk's brain and Brady's aging bones. The tight end's concussion two weeks ago makes it three times more likely he'll sustain another; and the QB will be the oldest nonkicker to ever play in a Super Bowl. Opportunity for glory certainly, but as intoxicating as gridiron glory can be, it's a devil's bargain, incrementally exacting an extraordinarily high price n exchange for momentary time in the spotlight.
Share this:
MANILA: President Rodrigo Duterte has withdrawn from public duties this week because he is tired and needs to “rejuvenate”, his spokesman said on Thursday as government forces battled Islamist militants in the biggest crisis of his rule.
Duterte, 72, has not been seen in public since Sunday and missed a scheduled appearance the following day at annual Independence Day celebrations in Manila, sparking speculation about the state of his health.
“He's just taking some time off to rejuvenate,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters.
Abella said there was no date for when Duterte would resume his official duties, although he insisted the president was healthy.
“I'm saying that there's nothing to worry about in terms of sickness,” he said.
“The president is well.”
Pressed by journalists to state whether Duterte had visited a doctor this week, Abella said: “I'm not privy to those matters but I'm sure he's checked with his own experts.”
Duterte was last seen in the southern city of Cagayan de Oro, visiting soldiers wounded in nearby fighting with Islamic State group-styled gunmen that is now on its fourth week.
Fifty-eight soldiers and police officers have died in the clashes in Marawi city, while at least 26 civilians have also been confirmed killed.
The militants remain holed up in pockets of Marawi alongside hundreds of trapped civilians being used as hostages or human shields.
Duterte imposed martial law over Marawi and the rest of the southern region of Mindanao, home to 20 million people, on the day the fighting erupted to head off what he said was an attempt by IS to carve out its own territory there.
Abella said Duterte was taking time off because of a punishing schedule since then, which included regular visits to military camps and hospitals to support troops.
“It has been really brutal, so it is important to allow him this kind of rest,” Abella said.
Duterte had repeatedly denied during last year's presidential election campaign that he suffered from cancer.
However he said last December that he used to take fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic opioid, to ease the pain of a spinal injury that he suffered in motorcycle accidents many years earlier.
Duterte said then his doctor made him stop using it on learning he was “abusing the drug” by using more than the prescribed amount.
Duterte's fentanyl comments attracted controversy as he has led a war on drugs in which thousands of addicts and users have been killed.
Under the constitution, the separately elected vice president shall act as president if the incumbent dies, is permanently disabled or removed from office. AFP
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting Pause
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
1:30 Sweet notes at Medicine Creek Winery's Chocolate and Wine Festival
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
1:32 Press Secretary says press should focus more on leaks than Flynn's resignation
1:45 Thurston County election night party in Olympia
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
Kate, you may think you have this parenting thing down by now, but you are in for a treat. Because now you and Prince William are parents to a third child.
What's so special about third children? Well…first children? They want to succeed and please their parents.
Second children? They're a little more relaxed and fun-loving, but they're probably not rocking the boat.
Third children? We're independent thinkers. We don't follow a style. We do our own third child thing. Rules schmules. They're there, but they don't necessarily apply to those of us who are third children. We don't want to follow the path that's already been set. We want to stand out a little bit. We want to be the first to do something all on our own.
My mother, who has six children, claimed that the big jump was from two to three children. She tells me that when the third child arrives, you realize you just can't do it all. You don't have enough hands or parents to navigate life with three children. You relax. You let go a little. So there's no real difference between three children and six.
When I saw your lovely red dress and your perfectly styled hair and your elegant high heels as you stood on the hospital steps, I was wondering whether you've relaxed yet. But you will. And soon enough you'll find out that this little bundle of joy isn't like his big siblings.
He won't be, you see. It's a third child thing.
You and your husband? You're both oldest children. I bet you understand how to parent George because he's also the oldest child. And Charlotte is a first girl, so I'm thinking she might not be your typical second child. A first girl is sort of like a first child. You're probably doing just fine there too.
But this little guy? Number five in line to the throne? And number three child in your household? He's going to strike out on his own, forge his own path. And it will be so much fun.
You probably have some sense of this because you have a brother who's a third child. And I'm willing to bet he's as excited about this baby boy as I am. He would be, you see. It might be baffling to the oldest children who so often meet oldest children. But third children don't meet as many third children, so when we do, it's very special.
And this is a special time for you too. There's a reason that the third character in stories is often the strong or interesting or unusual one. There's also a reason they say, “The third time's a charm.”
You have so, so, so much to look forward to. Congratulations to you and to the whole family on baby number three.
/ Front page / News
WITH the rainy conditions expected to continue over most parts of the country, agriculture officials in the Western Division are holding off damage assessment tours until the weather clears.
West principal agricultural officer Viliame Mainawailala said the heavy downpour had hindered plans to visit affected farmers.
"We haven't been able to go out to assess the farms because of the rain. We are expecting more rain. We'll wait until the rain finishes then we can visit farmers," said Mr Mainawailala.
He said assistance would be provided once the assessments were completed.
He said seedling distributions had also been completed for farmers who were affected by floods in December last year.
"The seedlings that were from India have all been delivered.
"All the farmers who were affected in the West were given seedlings."
A group of farmers in the Sigatoka Valley have received the assistance.
Navosa's Nabaka Holding Co-operative Society Ltd was one of the groups assisted.
Co-operative treasurer Satend Dass said most of their farmers were yet to clear land for the replanting phase.
"We don't want to take many risks right now," he said.
"The weather is too uncertain and our farms are still waterlogged."
The agriculture sector suffered a significant amount of damage by tropical depression 04F in December.
The ministry revealed a total of $2.3 million damage was suffered by Western Division farmers.
Denis O'Brien's Caribbean telco, Digicel, has ended its sponsorship of the West Indies cricket team a year early.
The 13-year-old sponsorship was renewed in 2016 for a three-year period, but Digicel and Cricket West Indies confirmed it is being terminated. It is understood a new title sponsor is waiting in the wings, to be announced shortly.
The value of the sponsorship was not revealed, but it is likely to have been costing Mr O'Brien's company well in excess of $5 million (€4.2 million) annually. The five-year deal from 2007 to 2012, for example, had a minimum payment of $20 million (€17 million).
Market turmoil
“Over the years, we have been very successful in forging sponsorship partnerships . . . This approach has helped us to grow the Digicel brand,” said Raymond Leclercq, Digicel's chief executive.
The sponsorship was among the highest-profile in Digicel's stable, which has also included deals with Jamaican sprinters Usain Bolt and Shelly Ann Pryce.
Meanwhile, Digicel's bonds fell to a two-year low this week, as emerging markets investments were hammered in the market turmoil sparked by the Italian election and euro crisis.
Digicel is currently on an investor roadshow in the United States and Britain. It has told bondholders it expects full-year results to the end of March to show revenues of $2.4 billion (€2 billion) and adjusted earnings of over $1 billion (€860 million).
Robbery attempt stops Guinness ‘Greatest of the Streets' semi final
Semi-final action in the Guinness ‘Greatest of the Streets' Georgetown Zone, was brought to an abrupt end, following an attempted armed robbery by unknown individuals at the Albouystown Tarmac.
Following the conclusion of the first semi-final matchup, the second semi-final fixture between Sparta Boss and Leopold Street was unable to commence, as two assailants attempted to rob a patron of the community, who was wearing several gold chains.
Several gunshots were heard as the mammoth crowd dispersed to find safety. The police immediately responded to the incident and took control of the situation which lasted less than a minute.
While none of the perpetrators were found, no injury was identified amongst the spectators and officials.
It was then decided by the coordinators Three Peat Promotions, and the Referees, that the second semi-final fixture will be staged tomorrow [Tuesday] at the National Cultural Centre Tarmac from 17:00hrs.
Prior to the unpleasant episode, Gold is Money overcame Bent Street in the first semi-final 2-1 on penalty kicks, after normal and extra time ended 1-1, in front of the largest crowd to ever grace the Albouystown facility for the tournament.
The mammoth gathering, who braved the rainfall, was treated to an absolute thriller, as Gold is Money held their nerves in the tense penalty shoot-out to clinch their second appearance in the championship matchup.
Initially, Randolph Wagner handed Gold is Money the lead via a third minute conversion. However, Bent Street equalised in the 16th minute, as Travis Lyken found the back of the net.
Meanwhile, North East La Penitence will oppose Kingston in the finale of the Guinness Plate Championship, following semi-final wins.
North East La Penitence downed GTI Ballers 3-1. Kelvin Moore bagged a hat-trick in the 10th, 20th and 25th minutes. On target in the loss was Trevon Calendar in the 16th minute.
On the other hand, Kingston humbled Upsetters 6-2. Nigel Denny recorded ‘Guinness Goals' (GG)-(a goal scored in the final three minutes of the match is counted as two) in the 27th and 29th minute.
He was assisted by goals from Colin Clarke and Simon Emanuel in the 20th and 25th minutes respectively. On target in the loss were Orin Yarde and Joash Figueira in the 16th and 21st minutes respectively.
Winner of the overall event will walk away with $500,000 and the championship trophy along with automatic qualification for the National Playoffs.
The runner-up, third and fourth placed finishers will receive $250,000, $200,000 and $100,000 respectively.
The winner of the Guinness Plate Championship will pocket $60,000. The event is also sponsored by Colours Boutique.
Meanwhile, the organizers of the event, Three Peat Promotions, commended the Guyana Police Force (GPF), for their immediate response to dealing with the unsavoury episode.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has suggested spending cuts could have contributed to the deadly fire at Grenfell Tower.
He said "searching questions" need to be asked about what happened at the west London tower block, adding: "If you deny local authorities the funding they need, then there is a price that's paid."
Mr Corbyn told LBC Radio that calls for sprinklers to be installed in high-rise buildings after a fatal fire at Lakanal House in south London in 2009 had not been heeded.
He said: "Harriet Harman, who is the MP for Camberwell and Peckham, raised all these issues after that fire and ... demanded that sprinklers should be fitted to all of these buildings.
(Photo: PA)
"I suspect they have not been in many places. I don't know all of the details for the whole country but, if you deny local authorities the funding they need, then there is a price to pay that's paid by the lack of safety facilities all over the country.
"I think there needs to be some very searching questions asked as quickly as possible in the aftermath of this fire."
Mr Corbyn added: "At this stage, let's save life, let's bring safety to people at Grenfell Tower.
"I think tomorrow is a day for searching questions - the searching questions on the provision of fire safety equipment, the provision of sprinklers and the support the emergency services need and must have in all circumstances.
(Photo: Rick Findler/PA Wire)
"You can never compromise on safety where fire is concerned."
The questions "may well be difficult" for the Government.
"The reports that were made in the past have to be acted on," he said.
The Labour leader said the tragedy was "unbelievable, frightening and appalling" and paid tribute to the emergency services who "rushed into the burning tower when everybody else was trying to get out of it".
He said: "Just imagine having to drop your baby out of a window in order to avoid it being burned to death. That is the sort of horror that has gone on there."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Former cabinet minister Ms Harman also questioned the impact of austerity on the safety of housing.
She told BBC Radio 4's World At One: "Councils want to fit sprinklers in their tower blocks, but it comes down to money.
"The Government has been cutting the money to councils. If you cut money to councils you can't put in sprinklers.
"If you cut money to councils you can't supervise contractors properly.
"I'm afraid the Government has got to say 'we have responsibility overall in public buildings to make sure of the safety of these tenants and we can't penny-pinch where it will cost lives'."
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
By Abby Hassler
Stevie Nicks debuted a new ballad “Your Hand I Will Never Let Go” today (June 14). The track is featured in the Naomi Wats-drama, The Book of Henry, which will hit theaters this Friday (June 16).
Related: Lana Del Rey Taps Stevie Nicks for New Track: Report
Written by Thomas Barlett and Ryan Miller, Nicks' song will fall alongside original music composed by Michael Giacchino on the film's soundtrack.
“Drowned in thought and caught in a stare/ Talking to ghosts who were not there,” Nicks sings. “Then you took my hand/ Transformation began/ Commotion where it once was still/ Fireworks explode/ Front row tickets to the show/ This hand I will never let it go.”
Listen to “Your Hand I Will Never Let It Go” below.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colorado– Wyoming junior Ja'la Henderson has been named the Mountain West Women's Field Athlete of the Week for the third time during the 2017-18 season, the league announced Tuesday afternoon.
It is her second weekly honor during the outdoor track & field season.
Henderson Leaps 43 Feet, 8.5 Inches in Triple Jump
The UW jumps star receives the award from the conference after her most recent record-breaking performance.
The Meadowdale, Ohio, native leapt 43 feet, 8.5 inches to smash her own UW women's outdoor triple jump record at the Beach Invitational in Long Beach, Calif., on Saturday, taking the top spot in the field of 57 competitors.
University of Wyoming sports coverage
in Southwest Wyoming is supported by these great sponsors:
It was the second time Henderson has broken the outdoor program record this season, and she has broken UW triple jumps records a total of four times during the 2017-18 season.
Henderson now leads the Mountain West by over two feet in the triple jump while she is ranked third in the long jump with a mark of 20-2.5. Her triple jump mark is currently ranked 10th in the NCAA.
UW Has Collected Seven Weekly Conference Accolades this 2017-18 Season
Henderson and Damon Unland have each earned two MW Field Athletes of the Week honors for Wyoming during the 2018 outdoor season.
With an additional weekly honor during the indoor season for Henderson as well as two indoor honors for Jordan Edmonds, the Pokes have garnered a total of seven weekly conference accolades during the 2017-18 track & field campaign.
Up Next
Wyoming will host the 7220 Invite on Friday at the Memorial 8 Track at the Louis S. Madrid Sports Complex. Events start at 11 a.m. MT and admission is free to the public. Stay tuned to GoWyo.com and @wyo_track on Twitter for more information about the home meet.
Four more acts have been announced for this summer's Illinois State Fair, including a free concert by 1970s rockers Foghat.
Tickets for all shows will go on sale April 29 on Ticketmaster and on May 1 at the Emmerson Building on the Illinois State Fairgrounds in Springfield.
The fair will open the 11-day showcase with a concert Aug. 10 by Foghat. Best known for its hit songs “Slow Ride,” and “I Just Want to Make Love to You,” the group has earned eight gold records, one platinum record and one double-platinum record.
Chase Rice will be the headlining act on the Grandstand stage on Aug. 11. Rice is a singer/songwriter who has toured with such artists as Kenny Chesney and Dierks Bentley. While he may be best known for his hit songs “Ready Set Roll,” and “Everybody We Know Does,” Rice also co-wrote the song “Cruise,” which was recorded by Florida Georgia Line. Opening for Rice will be Runaway June and Chris Cavanaugh.
On Aug. 12, the a cappella group Pentatonix take to the stage. Pentatonix has sold more than 6 million albums in the United States in the past five years.
Returning to the grandstand on Aug. 13 will be country music star Brad Paisley. The singer/songwriter is a member of the Grand Ole Opry Hall of Fame and known for songs such as “Crushin' It,” “Today,” and “Riverbank.”
Aug. 17 will feature a free concert with the 1960s group Herman's Hermits starring Peter Noone. The self-proclaimed “Original British Invasion Band” is best known for hits such as “Mrs. Brown, You've Got a Lovely Daughter” and “I'm Henry the Eighth, I Am.”
On Aug. 16, the group Alabama will perform on the Grandstand stage. The trio has 43 number one singles to its credit, nearly 200 industry awards, a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and an exhibit at the Country Music Hall of Fame. Opening will be Neal McCoy.
Also scheduled to perform at the 2017 Illinois State Fair is singer/songwriter/dancer Jason Derulo. He has already sold more than 50 million singles worldwide and worked alongside a variety of artists ranging from Demi Lovato to Snoop Dogg. Derulo is best known for his songs “Talk Dirty,” “Whatcha Say” and “Want to Want Me.” Opening for Derulo will be an artist from St. Louis, Chel.
The Southern Uprising Tour rolls into Springfield on Aug. 18, featuring four fan-favorite country performances. Headlining the tour will be Montgomery Gentry. The group has become one of the most identifiable duos in country music with more than a decade of hits, concerts and accolades under their belt. The award winning duo is known for hits such as “Something to be Proud of,” “Where I Come From” and “Hell Yeah.” Meanwhile, few artists have left a more lasting mark on America's musical landscape than The Charlie Daniels Band. Daniels is best known for songs such as “The Devil Went Down to Georgia,” “In America,” “Uneasy Rider,” “The South's Gonna Do It” and “Long Haired Country Boy.” Rounding out the Southern Uprising Tour will be performances from The Marshall Tucker Band and The Outlaws.
The fair is bringing another heavy metal band to the stage on Aug. 19 with Five Finger Death Punch, which is known for such songs as “I Apologize” and “Wrong Side of Heaven.” Opening will be All That Remains and Nonpoint.
Closing out the fair on Aug. 20 will be Rock and Roll Hall of Famer John Mellencamp. While most known for songs like “Paper in Fire,” “Small Town” and “Pink Houses,” Mellencamp was among the founding members of Farm Aid.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_web-pentatonix.jpg
No Big Screen In Portsmouth For England Match
Portsmouth city council won't be putting up a big screen for fans to watch England's World Cup quarter final against Sweden on Saturday.
They say they can't risk public safety and policing plans are already in place.
In a statement, the council said:
"Following the request for a public place in the city on Saturday afternoon for England's next game in the World Cup - we're unable to provide this because of the risks it would pose in terms of disorder and public safeguarding.
"There's been considerable planning to provide additional resourcing from a policing perspective, working closely with partners with numerous licensing premises across Portsmouth and to change these plans at such short notice would place unacceptable risk to the city in that we could not guarantee a safe environment for the public - and this has to be our first priority."
The penalty shootout that saw England beat Colombia last night was the most-watched TV broadcast in 6 years - with an audience of 24 million.
England's World Cup win over Colombia was watched by an average 16.5 million people, with the audience peaking at 24.4 million, ITV has said.
The figures are the highest for any World Cup match so far this year.
The biggest-ever audience is 25.2 million, for England's semi-final against West Germany in 1990.
The BBC has the rights to England's next 2018 World Cup game, which is against Sweden in the quarter-finals at 3pm on Saturday July 7.
If England wins, the team's semi-final match will be shown by ITV.
Theresa May has said she could not bear to watch the penalty shootout that saw England progress to the World Cup quarter-finals.
The Prime Minister found the tension too much as Gareth Southgate's team's tie with Colombia came down to the spot-kick finale.
A Downing Street source said Mrs May watched some of the match but added: "She actually said earlier she struggles to watch penalties because it's a nerve-wracking time."
At Prime Minister's Questions Mrs May praised the Three Lions for their "very rare and welcome" penalty shootout victory in Moscow.
The team triumphed 4-3 from the spot, after the tie finished 1-1 following extra time, to secure their first World Cup win on penalties.
England now face Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday.
Meanwhile, Jeremy Corbyn wants the whole UK to get a day off if England win the World Cup in Russia.
The Labour leader, who did watch the dramatic penalty shootout, thinks there should be a bank holiday if Southgate's team emulates the heroes of 1966.
A senior Labour spokesman said: "We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but I think it is the case that Jeremy believes that if England were to win the World Cup there should be a public bank holiday in celebration."
The spokesman said any bank holiday would have to come soon after the match and would cover the whole of the UK, and not just England.
"The World Cup is a very special international competition," he said. "It's something that brings people together on a very large scale and we need recognition of that and recognition of the importance of football in the country."
Research undertaken by Labour when it proposed the establishment of four new bank holidays in its 2017 manifesto showed that some claims about the negative economic impact of an additional day off were "entirely invented", he said.
The spokesman said Mr Corbyn has not imposed a ban on shadow ministers attending games at Russia 2018 to match the official boycott by ministers and members of the royal family announced following the Salisbury poisonings.
However, he declined to say how the Labour leader would respond if invited to see England play in the final.
Make-A-Wish kid Raymond hands off the ball to Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) as Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (the taller guy in the No. 4 jersey) looks on.
The Cowboys signed a new quarterback on Wednesday during Day 2 of minicamp.
He's only about 4 feet tall, the same number that is on his blue jersey at practice. His name is Raymond ("Ray Ray") and he came all the way from California to meet his hero, Dak Prescott, and the rest of the Cowboys as part of the Make-A-Wish program.
Ray Ray and his family arrived at The Star in Frisco where they were met by cheering fans, the Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders, and the Rhythm & Blue Drum Line. Ray Ray was ushered into the Cowboys press conference room where Stephen Jones signed him to an honorary contract before Ray Ray answered questions from assembled "media."
Ray Ray and his family then headed to the outdoor practice fields to watch minicamp from the sideline.
That didn't last long for Ray Ray, however, who was pulled onto the field by Prescott, backup quarterback Kellen Moore and QBs coach Wade Wilson. Ray Ray threw some passes during the group portion of drills. When it was time for the QBs to work on handoffs with the running backs and fullbacks, Ray Ray got to execute a couple of handoffs with Ezekiel Elliott.
To top it all off, Ray Ray got to ride in style.
Share This: The Bad Batch Trailer Features Keanu Reeves And Jason Momoa In A Desert Wasteland Julia
The Batch Batch features dystopian desert communities, raves hosted by Keanu Reeves and a shirtless Jason Momoa—making it one of the most original and genre-bending films of the year.
The Bad Batch is set in a post-apocalyptic desert community in the United States. Those who are not deemed fit enough to remain in civilized society are left to fend for themselves in an arid wasteland. The film follows Arlen, who has just been left in the desert and now must adjust to life in the ‘the bad batch' while being stalked by cannibals.
The Bad Batch stars model Suki Waterhouse as Arlen alongside Jason Momoa, Giovanni Ribisi, Keanu Reeves, Diego Luna and Jim Carrey. Check out the first trailer for the dystopian desert flick.
The film is directed by Ana Lily Amirpour, who's best known for her 2014 Iranian vampire thriller, A Girl Walks Home Alone At Night. Critics praised The Bad Batch when it premiered at TIFF last fall for its stylized appearance, dramatic mood and killer soundtrack. It looks like Amirpour is once again embracing her unique artistic style with her latest film, this time adding a few more stars to the acting roster.
The Bad Batch will be released on June 23, 2017.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The 101-year-old star is suing FX Network over the docudrama.
Hollywood veteran Dame Olivia de Havilland's court battle over her portrayal in Feud: Bette And Joan is set to resume.
The British-American two-time Oscar winner, 101, sued FX Network over the docudrama, claiming it defamed her by falsely portraying her as a gossip, and breached her right to privacy.
Dame Olivia claims her portrayal by Catherine Zeta-Jones was inaccurate for showing her calling her sister Joan Fontaine a “bitch” and commenting on Frank Sinatra's drinking habits.
Olivia de Havilland (left) and Bette Davis in a scene from their film Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte (PA)
FX Network lost a bid to strike out the case and will appeal that decision in court in Los Angeles on Tuesday.
The creators say they saw Dame Olivia had referred to her sister as “dragon lady” in an interview on her 100th birthday and used the phrase “bitch sister” as a “more mainstream” term.
But lawyers for the Paris-based actress said: “She appears to be a hypocrite, who built a public image of being a lady, not speaking in crude and vulgar terms about others, including her sister, when in private she did the opposite by freely speaking unkindly of others. This is patently false.”
They also claim the Gone With The Wind actress was not consulted over the show, which focus on the rivalry between Joan Crawford and Bette Davis, nor was she asked for permission for her to be depicted.
Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Dame Olivia in the show (Ian West/PA)
Producer Ryan Murphy said he did not contact Dame Olivia because he did not want to bother her, Dame Olivia's lawyers said.
Lawyers for FX said the earlier ruling is damaging for freedom of speech and could hamper creativity.
“Such a change inevitably would stifle the creativity of future Hemingways, Spielbergs, and Twains, with the nation's literary discourse all the poorer for it,” they wrote.
This is not the first time a major Hollywood company has been taken on by Dame Olivia, who won Oscars for 1946's To Each His Own and 1949's The Heiress.
She won a landmark victory over Warner Bros in 1943 which effectively ended actors' contract servitude.
Dame Olivia is demanding damages from the network and for a permanent injunction preventing the show's broadcast.
The appeal hearing will be held at University of Southern California's law school so students can watch the procedure.
© Press Association 2018
NEW YORK (AP) — Time's Up, an initiative started by a powerhouse of Hollywood industry women to fight systemic sexual harassment, called Monday for New York's governor to investigate the Manhattan district attorney's office over a decision in 2015 not to prosecute a sex abuse case against Harvey Weinstein.
In a statement, the group says a report in New York magazine is disturbing because it suggests the district attorney's office may have been improperly influenced by Weinstein and sought to intimidate an Italian model who accused the disgraced media mogul of groping her.
"An independent investigation into the full decision-making process in this case, including a full review of the correspondence within the office and with any representatives for Mr. Weinstein, must be undertaken immediately to ensure that prosecutorial integrity was maintained and to restore faith in the DA's office," the statement says.
The article centers on the case of Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. In 2015, police conducted a sting after she accused Weinstein of groping her, secretly recording Weinstein apologizing for this conduct.
Advertisement
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. ultimately decided there wasn't enough proof and didn't bring a case. Following criticism over the decision last year, prosecutors said police arranged the sting without their knowledge and there were other proof issues, but police pushed back saying they'd presented enough evidence.
The district attorney's office didn't immediately comment Monday. Neither did the governor's office.
Weinstein's attorneys have said he denies any non-consensual sexual contact.
Since scores of new allegations against Weinstein surfaced, both the New York Police Department and the district attorney's office have said they are working together, but no grand jury has been convened despite police officials saying publicly they have enough evidence for a case. Less than two weeks ago, the police department's chief of detectives said witnesses were ready for the grand jury — but it was up to the district attorney to decide when to convene it.
The Time's Up statement says a prosecution of the 2015 case could have prevented other alleged sexual assaults.
"There will only be real consequences for abusive behavior when our public officials, sworn to uphold the law, care as much about the rights of the victim as concerns for the accused."
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are victims of sexual assault unless they speak publicly, as Battilana Gutierrez has done.
Time's Up was created by about 300 women and includes the producer Shonda Rhimes and actresses Reese Witherspoon and America Ferrera.
WWE Intercontinental Champion Seth Rollins was recently interviewed by Planeta Wrestling, which you can watch in the video above. Below are a few highlights:
Andrade 'Cien' Almas being ready for the main roster:
"Andrade is fantastic. He is one of those guys who came into NXT from Mexico with a big buzz about him. It kind of took him a minute to find out who he was, find his footing, but I think obviously over the past six months to a year he has found out who he was and now he is on the best run of his career."
If he would like to have a WrestleMania main event match against The Shield:
"Of course. That is always the dream. Big Shield triple threat match would be pretty special. I'm looking for Seth Rollins to have his name on the marquee on the main event at WrestleMania, and if those gentlemen want to join me I'm sure we would all have a great time."
See Also Seth Rollins Gives A Potential Return Timetable For Dean Ambrose
If he would like to face Daniel Bryan:
"Absolutely. I am very happy for Daniel Bryan returning to a WWE ring. I thought it never would happen, and now to be able to see him and get a second chance to live his dream, I would love to be out there in the ring with him. It'd be a good time."
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit Planeta Wrestling with a h/t to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Bose ADELAJA
The National Association of Liquefied Petroleum Gas Marketers has advocated for free distribution of domestic gas cylinders to Nigerians.
At an interactive forum with journalists, the Public Relations Officer, South West Zone, Mr.Odo Gbolahan said this will make domestic gas affordable in homes especially those who cannot afford to buy cylinders.
He stated that the use of domestic gas will go a long way to reduce emission and dangers associated with unwanted smoke which damages the ozone layer. Gbolahan who is the Chief Executive Officer of Dukadan Oil and Gas Limited, admonished the government to subsidize gas to enable every home have access to domestic gas.
He said, “In Chad Republic, it took them a period of three years to enact a law prohibiting the use of charcoal and firewood.”
The little tree that is supposed to be your natural monument is being cut down to cook. During a business trip to Chad Republic, I advised the Chadian government on the use of domestic gas and this helped the country in the use of domestic gas. Back home, why can't we make a law prohibiting the use of charcoal and firewood thereby introducing and subsidizing the use of domestic gas?”
Gbolahan also, solicited for the removal of value added tax on gas.
“The government should place high tariff on vehicles running on fuel and remove the VAT on vehicles running on gas. The benefits are numerous in the sense that you are not going to pay subsidy on gas. Since the Abacha regime, gas has been deregulated and nobody pays subsidy on it. If this is in place, all cars will be running on gas and this will reduce emission and service charge. In terms of economic value, the range at which 12.5kg gas can take a vehicle, N20,000 worth of PMS cannot take it,” he added.
DUBAI: Pizza is delicious. Fried chicken is tantalizing. Put them together and you either have a recipe for disaster or you have reached the pinnacle of fast food dining.
That is exactly what Saudi Arabia-based YouTube stars Abdulrahman and Amir did over the weekend, treating fans to a video in which they made a homemade pizza topped with fried chicken from Al Baik, a wildly-popular chain in the country.
Posted to their YouTube channel Lift and Cheat on Saturday, the video shows the two bloggers embark on a culinary journey — from a ball of dough to a junk food lover's dream pizza.
The video has gone viral with close to 500,000 views as of Monday.
The duo combine tomato sauce, garlic paste, shredded cheese and fried chicken to create a pizza that is taking Saudi social media by storm.
“I am so hungry now,” one user commented underneath the video.
“After watching this, I am heading over to Al Baik,” another said.
The video comes as Al Baik announced, via its Twitter account, the signing of a preliminary agreement to open an outlet 20km from Riyadh, the first in the Saudi capital.
CEO Rami Abu Ghazala stated last year that branches of the popular chain will be opened in the Riyadh area within the next five years.
They Might Be Giants
John Linnell of They Might Be Giants says one of the group's key goals has always been to not repeat themselves and bring something new to virtually every song he and his partner in the band, John Flansburgh, write and record.
But he admits that 35-plus years into the group's career, it gets harder and harder to meet that goal.
“I mean, it's easier said than done, obviously,” Linnell said in a late-December phone interview. “It's a big challenge. But we take it seriously. We're not just blowing smoke. I think we feel like in a way that is the job, say something new. We've already written all these songs. There's absolutely no call to write the same songs over again. One of the reasons it gets harder and harder is we've written so many songs. And then the other reason is it's always been hard and we're getting older, so we maybe have to work harder to reach the same goal…I'm not making any claims about whether or not we're successful. But that is something we do take seriously and we feel that's our job, to try to come up with a new thing to say, a new idea.”
The challenge to stay fresh musically isn't stopping the two Johns in their quest to create new material. In fact, they're about to relaunch their signature Dial-A-Song programming. This will entail posting a new song every week as part of each weekly segment of the show.
What's more, on Jan. 19, fans got 15 new songs via the new studio album, “I Like Fun.”
Linnell hopes he and Flansburgh have built up enough of a backlog of songs to keep Dial-A-Song up and running for the first part of 2018.
Some of the initial Dial-A-Song material figures to come from a project Linnell and Flansburgh have undertaken with noted illustrator David Cowles.
“I don't know if you're familiar with “Big Daddy” Roth (Ed Roth), this 1950s illustrator who did monsters driving hot (cars). He invented a character named Rat Fink, who was hugely popular in the ‘60s,” Linnell explained. “That was his thing. It was all very Southern California car culture and monsters and he would mash, like combine all this into a style of illustration. So our guy, David Cowles, partly inspired by this guy, has come up with these characters, and what we've done is written backstories for the characters and then written songs for each one.
“So that will be part of the project for next year, this sort of monster characters,” he said. “We'll see how that goes. But it was a good impetus for writing more songs. We had all these stories, and we kind of let our imaginations go wild on them.”
Those songs won't cover all of the needs of Dial-A Song.
“We don't have enough (songs) yet to fill the whole year,” Linnell said. “But the idea is we're going to keep feeding the pile and keep the quality as high as possible.”
Chances are Linnell and Flansburgh will succeed just fine in meeting the weekly song demands of Dial-A-Song. Over their history in They Might Be Giants, they have been one of the more prolific acts going.
“I Like Fun” will mark the 20th studio album (including several childrens albums) since Linnell and Flansburgh started They Might Be Giants as a duo in 1982. Theybrought on additional band members in 1992. Guitarist Dan Miller and bassist Danny Weinkauf have been on board since 1998, while drummer Marty Beller joined in 2004.
Along with the albums, Linnell and Flansburgh have contributed many songs to television, film and other projects, while a good number of other songs have been used only on Dial-A-Song, which debuted in 1985, ran until 2008, was reactivated in 2015 and early 2016 before shutting down again, and is being re-launched to coincide with the new album.
That second run of Dial-A-Song from 2015 until early 2016 produced enough material to fill three albums – “Glean” (2015), “Why? (2015) and “Phone Power” (2016).
They Might Be Giants enjoyed a few brushes with mainstream success in their first decade. “Birdhouse in Your Soul,” from the group's platinum-certified third album, 1989's “Flood,” was a top 5 modern rock hit, while “Ana Ng” “Twisting” and “The Statue Got Me High” also charted in the modern rock top 25.
“Flood” was the first of four albums They Might Be Giants released on major label Elektra. Since then, the group has released its albums independently, building a solid fan base along the way for its adult-themed albums, and finding even greater popularity with children's music, beginning with the 2004 album “No!” Three of the children's albums have gone gold.
The group's music has been distinctive from the start – a catchy and at times quirky brand of wide-ranging pop accompanied by clever and sometimes brainy lyrics. That general blueprint remains intact on “I Like Fun,” an excellent effort that evokes both the early and more recent They Might Be Giants sound.
“McCafferty's Bib,” “The Greatest” and “I Like Fun” – three of the album's quirkier tunes — found Linnell and Flansburgh returning to their early mode of recording, where songs were mainly studio creations using a variety interesting instruments and sonics. (The song “I Like Fun,” in fact, even features samples of Cream vocalist Jack Bruce singing wordless notes.) On other songs, such as the bouncy piano-driven “I Left My Body,” the ultra-hooky surfy rocker “An Insult to the Fact Checkers” and the punchy power pop-ish “All Time What,” the approach is more in line with the post-1992 full band-oriented albums, which gives these songs a more muscular sound that is entirely suitable for these tunes.
But if “I Like Fun” is immediately recognizable as a Might Be Giants album, Linnell feels he, Flansburgh and the other band members – met the goal of not repeating themselves musically.
“I would say most of the songs on the album are, they don't to me sound like retreads of stuff we've already done,” Linnell said. “Somebody who's farther away from the project might say that, and I wouldn't even know exactly which song they'd point to, but I'm sure people hear our new stuff and say ‘Oh yeah, that's them.' They recognize that it's us. So there is some thread in common with stuff we've already done. But I don't know. We are inside of this project and we don't think about it, we can't think about it from the perspective of someone who's not inside it. We are deeply immersed in what we're doing and that's the only way we can approach it.”
For the tour in support of the new album, the five members of They Might Be Giants will be joined by trumpeter/multi-instrumentalist Curt Ramm. The show will feature fan favorites, some deep tracks that haven't been played much on earlier tours and a healthy selection of songs from “I Like Fun.” Linnell knows emphasizing the new material is a bit of a risk, but he hopes the show will please hardcore and casual fans alike.
“It's a challenge for people to go see their favorite band and be subjected to a whole bunch of new material that maybe they're not that into,” he said. “So we have to make the case, basically. We're trying to make the argument that the new stuff is good.”
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bath Beads Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report America Soap Company, Double Body Co., Ltd., VWR, Aromafloria, Purcell Jojoba, Guangdong Megio Bio-Tech Co., Ltd., HanZa, Greenbrier, Village Naturals, Escape Concepts, Vaseline, Bean Bath Beads, Bath & Body Works, Deluxe Comfort, Waxwell, Tree Hut.
The report begins with introducing the global Bath Beads market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bath Beads report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-beads-market/5895/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bath Beads Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Under 5 Ounces, 5 to 9 Ounces, 10 to 14 Ounces, 15 to 19 Ounces, 20 to 29 Ounces, 29 Ounces & Above.
Bath Beads Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Women, Men, Children.
Key points in the Bath Beads Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bath-beads-market/5895/#inquiry
From all of this Bath Beads market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bath Beads market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bath Beads distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Former Joy FM presenter Francis Abban has replaced Robert Nii Arday Clegg as the host of Starr FM's flagship morning show dubbed The Morning Starr.
Clegg quit Starr FM as well as the Excellence in Broadcasting (EIB) Network group managed by Bola Ray a couple of weeks ago.
The Harvard trained lawyer, took over from "Who Wants To Be Rich" host Kafui Dey in 2015 as the latter made the transition to GH One Television which is also owned by the EIB Network.
He is said to be on the move to a rival media house and industry watchers suggest he may be moving to Joy FM.
His successor, Abban took over the seat of The Morning Starr show for the first time today.
Abban left Joy FM after five years during which he briefly hosted Joy FM's flagship morning programme the Super Morning Show, and was anchor for Joy Midday News and The Pulse which airs on JoyNews.
BACOLOD CITY: Negros Occidental has strengthened security measures for the upcoming Panaad Festival set to kick off on April 22 as Gov. Alfredo Maranon Jr. said, “We need to be vigilant.” He, however, did not say whether he will request additional military and police troops to secure the Panaad Park and Stadium here where the nine- day event will be held. The governor added that they expect more guests and visitors in this year's festival. Earlier, the Provincial Peace and Order Council has discussed plans to create a Joint Task Group with various government agencies to monitor possible entry of suspected terrorists. Provincial Planning and Development Coordinator Ma. Lina Sanogal said the plan is in line with the Australian and United States travel advisories telling their citizens to take extra precaution against kidnapping threats in Central Visayas.
A new subdivision featuring bird-themed street names has taken flight in Rolleston.
Squawk St, Feather Place, Claw Place and Pallid Green are some of the quirky bird names to feature at the new Falcon's Landing subdivision, located off Lincoln-Rolleston Rd.
The subdivision's 35 new roads and four private right of ways names were presented to the district council for the final rubber-stamp last week.
But the names were not approved without ruffling a few feathers around the district council table.
Advertisement
District councillor Jeff Bland said: "Do we really want a Squawk St.''
Mayor Sam Broughton said the names come down to personal preference with the developers and the "wriggle room" the district council thinks it might have, doesn't often exist.
He said the alternative names provided ­ "Migratory" and "Territory" weren't much better.
The district council's asset manager Murray Washington said he has a
"good laugh" sometimes when he sees these names come through.
He said the names can be sent back to the developers for further consideration.
Mr Broughton told Cr Bland if he wanted Squawk St changed he needed to give a reason why.
Cr Bland responded: "Let's put it this way, would you like to live in as street called Squawk St? Honestly."
Mr Broughton said it
depended on what sort of house he was moving into and did not think the street name was important.
But Cr Bland retorted: "If they can't do better than that, I am surprised they have managed to subdivide that large area of land. Let's not let themselves down at the last post."
Cr Murray Lemon said since everyone else was having their "two cents worth," he said
unless it was going to cause danger because it confused emergency services or was offensive, he didn't have a problem with it.
"If they want to call it Squawk St and try to sell some sections on it and find it difficult that is their business," he said.
District councillor Nicole Reid also raised her concerns the proposed name Barbary St was too similar to Bradbury Ave in Rolleston.
The road names were passed with Cr Bland and Cr Reid's vote recorded against the decision.
Weird street names from around the world
Weird names for streets and places around the world:
Jackass Lane –­ England
Old Guy Rd ­ – England
Bucket of Blood St –­ US
Frying Pan Rd –­ US
Roast Meat Hill Rd –­ US
Chicken Dinner Rd ­– US
Puddin' Ridge Rd –­ US
Anyhow Lane ­– US
Pillow Talk Court ­– US
- Star.kiwi
Northern Ireland's leading mental health charity is inviting everyone to join in its first ever Northern Ireland-wide picnic event.
Action Mental Health is asking people to host a Great Big Purple Picnic to help mark Mental Health Awareness Week from 14th to 20th May and wants schools, businesses, community groups, families and friends to get their picnic hampers out and join in the fundraising fun.
The Great Big Purple Picnic is one of the many initiatives organised by AMH to help raise awareness of positive mental health and also raise vital funds to help support their work across Northern Ireland. Most of all AMH wants you to have a bit of fun while you're doing it.
The focus for the Great Big Purple Picnic is quite simply about giving people a way to improve their knowledge of positive mental health and also a way to improve their mental wellbeing.
By hosting your very own Great Big Purple Picnic you and your guests will be actively engaging in the Five Ways to Wellbeing: connecting with those around you; being active, by choosing one of Northern Ireland's picturesque settings to host your picnic and combining it was a nice walk; taking notice, by just taking time out to enjoy the moment; keep learning, by thinking of healthy food options for your picnic to help maintain a healthy body for a healthy mind; and by giving the funds you raise to AMH which aims to change the lives of those living with mental ill-health and promote resilience and wellbeing to future generations.
All you have to do is to choose a date, a venue - indoors or outdoors, in the garden, at home, school or work - and then invite your friends to your Great Big Purple Picnic. But don't forget to think purple: whether it's purple bunting, purple picnic blankets, purple wigs or purple drinks, it's up to you!
You can download a fundraising and information pack on www.amh.org.uk or request one by emailing fundraising@amh.org.uk or by calling 028 9182 8494.
Environmental Education for the Next Generation, a student-founded nonprofit organization that links college students with first- and second-graders to teach about sustainability, has expanded beyond Santa Barbara with the launch of regional chapters in San Luis Obispo, San Francisco and Santa Cruz.
College students across the state will begin teaching environmental science and sustainability this week in 20 elementary school classrooms.
Founded by 19-year-old social entrepreneur Ryland King, EENG kicked off its efforts in August 2009 at an elementary school near the UCSB campus. After expanding to 24 classrooms in 14 schools in Santa Barbara — and securing a $100,000 grant to take the program even further — King and the EENG team are poised for statewide expansion. This year, they expect to teach in at least 90 classrooms, reaching more than 2,300 first- and second-graders.
“We can't wait to get our new chapters up and running, and to make an impact on as many kids as we possibly can this year,” King said. “Our program provides not just environmental education, but also positive college-student role models that get kids excited about learning in general.”
The EENG has selected highly qualified undergraduates at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo, UC Santa Cruz and the University of San Francisco to head up its new regional chapters.
This year it will focus on bringing EENG's unique eight-week unit, which features interactive activities and experiments meant to get kids thinking about the relationship between humans and the natural world, to as many classrooms as possible. Teams of five instructors will visit each classroom once a week, engaging students in small groups to ensure each program participant receives individual attention and is encouraged to actively engage the subject matter.
“The small group model and interactive curriculum are what set EENG apart and make the program so valuable,” King said. “All of the lessons present content closely aligned with the State Board of Education's standards, but in a way that is fun for everyone involved. It's a win-win for the first- and second-graders, volunteer instructors and teachers alike.”
For more information about EENG, contact Nick Allen at 415.710.5364 or .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Nick Allen is the director of organizational development for Environmental Education for the Next Generation.
Despite his sudden rise in the race, he is not our knight in shining armor
Do not suppose for a minute that Herman Cain's victory in the Florida straw poll will alter the liberal narrative about the Tea Party and Republicans. No, we will continue to be instructed by the Congressional Black Caucus, the Today show and The New York Times that the eruption of the Tea Parties is a reflection of the dark id of American conservatism; that it is primarily racist and xenophobic, and that the Tea Party movement is radical and extremist.
Waving the “bloody shirt” of racism has been the most reliable workhorse of Democratic politics for at least a generation. Remember the wall-to-wall coverage of the “epidemic” of black church fires in the 1990s? Remember President George W. Bush's “insensitivity” regarding the ghastly lynching of James Byrd? The epidemic turned out to be imaginary and Bush was happy to sign the death warrant for one of Byrd's murderers, but the tactic is too precious for Democrats to abandon.
It will take some imagination to explain away Cain's success. Among the very voters Democrats demonize, Cain achieved a resounding victory with 37.1 percent of the vote — more than twice the percentage of his next, the nearest competitor Rick Perry, who received 15.4 percent.
And it wasn't that Republicans and conservatives were acting upon an affirmative action spirit — trying to prove that they, too, could pull the lever for a black guy. It's that Cain delivers a great speech, is willing to propose solutions commensurate with our problems and is possessed of a remarkably sunny personality. As the Washington Examiner's Byron York reported, “It's not an exaggeration to say that his power as an orator sealed the deal for hundreds of delegates. They believed Cain was speaking to them from the heart, and they were carried away by it.”
And it doesn't hurt that Cain embodies the Horatio Alger rise to success that liberals dismiss as myth but conservatives still believe.
Raised in pre-civil rights Georgia by working-class parents (his mother was a maid and his father worked as a janitor, a barber and a chauffeur), Cain got a degree in mathematics from Morehouse College and then a master's degree in computer science at Purdue University. While in school, he worked for the U.S. Navy in ballistics.
Upon leaving the Navy, he entered the heart of corporate America, working first for the Coca-Cola Co., later for Pillsbury and then Burger King. The division of Burger King he headed went from the least profitable to the most profitable in three years. He performed similar magic for Godfather's Pizza, but in a shorter time, turning the company to profitability in a mere 14 months. He served as chairman and later CEO of the National Restaurant Association, and he became chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, before achieving the true pinnacle of human achievement with a syndicated newspaper column.
Cain's proposal to reform Social Security along the lines that Chile and 36 other nations have adopted is the sanest entitlement policy prescription of the campaign thus far — and with Mitt Romney playing it safe and Perry having taken so much heat for the Ponzi scheme wording — it is likely to remain so.
Cain's 999-tax plan is similarly refreshing. Our 11,045-page tax code, barnacled by layer after layer of complexity and special interest loopholes, is a drag on productivity and national sanity. A government watchdog agency estimates that Americans spend 6.1 billion hours annually complying with the code. Something like Cain's plan would cut the Gordian knot.
But as historian and political analyst Richard Brookhiser put it, about Pat Robertson in the 1988 presidential election, “The presidency is not an entry-level post.” It isn't that Cain lacks the stature to be president, it's that he lacks the kind of experience the office requires.
Though we perpetually disparage politicians in America (for good reasons much of the time), it can't be denied that political skills are necessary in a political job. Beyond delivering a good speech, a successful president must know how to build coalitions, apply pressure to friends and foes alike, deal with a hostile press, appoint officials who won't embarrass the administration, handle ego and turf battles among his advisers and cabinet members, and know when to spend and when to husband political capital. And all of that is before he begins to deal with other nations.
Cain is a great American. His sudden rise in the presidential contest should (but won't) give pause to the bigots who have defamed conservatives and the Tea Party. But he is not our knight in shining armor. There may not be one. He'd make a heck of a Treasury secretary, though.
— Mona Charen of National Review magazine writes for Creators Syndicate. Click here for more information or to contact her. Follow Mona Charen on Twitter: @mcharen.
When the betting lines opened this week, Vegas put the Los Angeles Rams in a position they hadn't been in since 2011: They were favored over the Seattle Seahawks. The spread opened at -1.5, which may not seem like a lot. However, for the Rams, simply not being the underdogs is a testament to how far they've come this season.
The line has since changed, but Los Angeles is still viewed as the favorite in this one. As of Friday, the Rams are favored by one point at home.
The total points line is surprisingly high for this rivalry game, sitting at 46.5 points. That's the second-highest total in the NFL this week, only behind the Packers-Cowboys matchup (52.5). Seattle's offense has struggled, but the Rams' leads the league in points, so expectations remain high for Los Angeles.
The last time the Rams were favored over the Seahawks (November 2011), they lost 24-7. They were three-point favorites in that one, but Seattle blew them out of the water. In fact, the last three times Los Angeles was surrendering points, it lost – dating back to October 2005.
Incredibly, the Seahawks have only been underdogs to the Rams eight times, and only three times have the Rams covered the spread.
Michael Essien and Carlton Cole are facing problems in Indonesia after their new club admitted it had not obtained work permits for the ex-English Premier League players.
The two were signed with great fanfare last month by Persib Bandung, one of the country's best clubs, in a boost for Indonesian football as it seeks to bounce back from a FIFA suspension and launch a new league.
But the club is now set to be questioned by immigration authorities after the government-backed Professional Sports Agency found the players did not have the required work permits.
The club admitted Monday the players, who made their debuts in the country's new top-flight Liga 1 at the weekend, did not yet have the necessary documents.
Persib said it had sought to process the paperwork a few days before their first match. The permits were not ready on time, but the football association and league organiser gave them permission to play.
Manager Umuh Muchtar accused the sports agency, which reports to the government and monitors foreign players in the country, of going too far.
“That they are here is a joy for us, they want to raise up Indonesia's name in the world,” he said.
He added: “Everybody knows that Essien is a world-class player, not an illegal immigrant.”
Immigration authorities Monday summoned the club management but it was not clear when the questioning would take place.
Immigration official Agustianur, who like many Indonesians goes by one name, said: “They are professionals so they must hold a (work) permit to perform activities in Indonesia.”
The official did not indicate what next steps authorities may take.
Essien, who is Ghanaian, has played for Chelsea, AC Milan and Real Madrid. England's Cole has played for Chelsea and West Ham.
Liga 1 replaces an old top-level league, which was halted in 2015 due to a row between the government and Indonesian FA that triggered turmoil and led to the country being hit with a one-year ban by FIFA.
The new league and big-name signings are a major boost for football in Southeast Asia's biggest nation, which has faced problems for years.
WAHPETON, N.D. (AP) - Three people from Minnesota are facing charges after a drug bust in Wahpeton.
Members of the Southeast Multi-County Agency Drug Task Force who searched a home Tuesday say they seized about 2 pounds of marijuana, along with methamphetamine and heroin. The drugs are worth an estimated $17,000 on the street.
LINCOLN COUNTY — The Bridger Teton Avalanche Center Nowcast has issued a general avalanche advisory for the Southwest Trails/Grey's River Area, in effect all day on March 19.
At the higher elevations skiers and riders could trigger small pockets of wind slab up to 18 inches in depth.
Deep slab avalanches continue to be a threat for snowmobilers who climb steep avalanche prone slopes.
Advertisement - Story continues below...
Avalanches are unlikely below an elevation of 8,000 feet.
Transformer Oils Market:
Industry Overview:
Global Transformer Oil Market is estimated to reach USD 4,002.8 million by 2023, expanding at a CAGR 8.63% over the forecast period.
Global Transformer Oil Market is nothing but an insulating oil used in the electrical transformer, which acts as a coolant. These oils are derived from crude oil through the fractional distillation process. They offer various properties such as excellent di-electricity, high resistivity, thermal conductivity, minimum power loss, and chemical stability, among others.
Global Transformer Oils Market is the expansion of power grids in the developing countries in the Asia Pacific region. The other major driving factors include rising power consumption and increasing investment in power sector. The increased demand for high-tech electronic devices coupled with the growing population and high disposable income has augmented the energy demand in developed regions. Moreover, the shifting trends towards the renewable energy sources are likely to drive the market growth over the assessment period. However, the fluctuating raw material cost and the demand for dry transformers may restrain the market growth during the review period.
Request Brochure of Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1769
Industry Segmentation:
Global Transformer Oils Market is categorized on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of type, the market is segmented into naphthenic oil, paraffinic oil, bio-based oil, and silicone oil. Among these, naphthenic oil accounted for around 48% market share in overall transformer oil sales revenue. On the basis of the application, the market is segmented into large transformers, small transformers, utility & others. On the basis of the region, the market is segmented into Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Industry Insight:
Data integration and capabilities are analyzed to support the findings and study the predicted geographical segmentations. Various key variables and regression models were considered to calculate the trajectory of transformer oil market. Detailed analysis is explained and given importance to with best working models.
Geographically, the segmentation is done into several key regions like North America, Middle East & Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. The production, consumption, revenue, shares in mill UDS, growth rate of transformer oil market during the forecast period of 2016 to 2023 is well explained.
Complete table of content is available at@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/transformer-oil-market-1769
Industry Key Players:
Nynas AB (Sweden),
Ergon Inc. (U.S.),
Calumet Specialty Products (U.S.),
APAR Industries Limited (India),
PetroChina Company (China),
Sinopec Group (China),
Hydrodec Group Plc. (U.K),
Cargill Inc. (U.S.),
Engen Petroleum Limited (South Africa),
Valvoline Inc. (U.S.),
San Joaquin Refining (U.S.),
Gandhar Oil Refining (India).
Inquire before Buying@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/transformer-oil-market-1769
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Leading Emirati rights activist Ahmed Mansoor has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 1 million dirhams, or about $272,000, by an appeals court in Abu Dhabi.
The Dubai-based Gulf News reported on Wednesday that the defendant, identified as "AMS" by his initials, will also be under probation for three years after prison.
Gulf News says Mansoor, who had a court-appointed lawyer, was convicted on Tuesday of defaming the United Arab Emirates on Twitter and Facebook by "publishing false information, rumors and lies ... that would damage the UAE's social harmony and unity."
He was acquitted on charges of cooperating with a "terrorist organization" outside the country.
Advertisement
Human Rights Watch condemned the sentencing, saying it exposes UAE's inability "to tolerate the mildest of criticisms from a genuine reformer."
Groomed gossiper undercuts hairy biz
Maybe the hairdressing business isn't as profitable as it used to be. That seems to be the conclusion drawn by a 42-year-old salon owner who decided to dip into a second profession: drug dealing.
On Monday, a particularly observant customer tipped off capital police in Chbar Ampov district, who uncovered chemical substances that couldn't be easily explained away as hair dye.
The well-coiffed con was then sent to court.
Kampuchea Thmey
CURLEW – The 2018 Curlew Barrel Derby celebrations will kick off the morning of Sunday, June 3, and continue through the day in town.
Events begin at 7 a...
In the weeks before the Supreme Court ruled on the constitutionality of Obamacare, the country trembled with anticipation. No such eagerness is evident now — yet the court is again poised to rattle our world. The case of Fisher v. University of Texas could upend the system of racial preferences in use throughout American higher education.
The pursuit of racial justice in education has arguably led to some benefits since its inception in the 1960s. But in the two generations that have elapsed since affirmative action began, evidence of its unintended consequences has accumulated.
Criticizing affirmative action (which is code for racial preferences) can be a career-endangering step for anyone and particularly for academics or politicians.
Some scholars have nevertheless been willing to follow where the evidence leads, and have found that nearly everything we believe about racial preferences is wrong. In their outstanding book Mismatch, Richard Sander and Stuart Taylor Jr. document the paradoxical results of giving large preferences to racial and other minorities.
Sander and Taylor argue persuasively that the trouble with preferences is not the injustice done to people passed over for college admission like Abigail Fisher, but also the harm it does to those to whom such preferences are extended.
Preferences have created a widespread mismatch between minority students and the schools they attend. Minority students at all levels tend to wind up at schools for which they are less well prepared than the majority of their classmates. The University of Texas is typical in awarding the equivalent of hundreds of SAT points to minority applicants. This results in minority students (who've been assured that they have what it takes to be successful) plunging to the bottom of the class. Students accepted under the preference regime often experience severe feelings of inferiority, social segregation and much higher dropout rates. Both for affirmative action “beneficiaries” and their classmates, mismatch reinforces negative stereotypes.
“Black college freshmen are more likely to aspire to science or engineering careers than are white freshmen, but mismatch causes blacks to abandon these fields at twice the rate of whites.” the researchers write.
Yet research has shown that when minority students attend schools for which they are well matched, there is no attrition in demanding fields of study. It isn't that minority students cannot make it as scientists and engineers but simply that they conclude that they cannot succeed when forced to compete with superior classmates. This phenomenon also accounts for the relatively low numbers of minorities who seek academic careers despite (or rather due to) five decades of preferences. It carries lessons for families considering whether to take advantage of “legacies” for their children. The research suggests that academic and career success is more likely when students attend colleges for which they are well matched.
Nor do preferences benefit the disadvantaged. In 1972, more than 50 percent of black freshmen at elite colleges came from families in the bottom half of the socioeconomic distribution. By 1982, that percentage had dropped to one quarter, and by 1992, 67 percent of black freshman came from homes in the top quartile of income. Among blacks attending elite colleges, 92 percent come from families in the top half of income earners.
Deciding who is a member of a historically oppressed minority group also gets trickier with every passing decade. Intermarriage is up.
Immigration complicates matters. A recent study found that 40 percent of African-American Ivy League undergrads are first- or second-generation immigrants. A study undertaken by Harvard Law students found that only 30 percent of the African-Americans there had four black grandparents. The rest were either of mixed ancestry, foreign students or recent immigrants from the West Indies or Africa.
There is a place for preferences in higher education — for those who come from poor homes or tough neighborhoods. But there is abundant evidence that awarding preferences based on race and ethnicity is counterproductive, corrupt and profoundly unjust.
— Mona Charen is a columnist with National Review magazine. Click here to contact her, follow her on Twitter: @mcharen, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are her own.
Police at the scene in Toronto after a van mounted a path, crashing into a number of pedestrians
Police at the scene in Toronto after a van mounted a path, crashing into a number of pedestrians
A MAN HAS been charged over an incident in Toronto yesterday in which 10 people died after a van was driven onto a busy path, as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau urged a rattled nation not to live in fear after the “senseless attack”.
Police said the suspect, 25-year-old Alek Minassian, was not known to them before yesterday's carnage in Canada's most populous city, which also left 15 people injured.
He also was not in the crosshairs of intelligence and security agencies, leading Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale to sideline the theory of a terror attack such as those carried out by extremists in London, Nice and other major cities.
“On the basis of all available information at the present time, there would appear to be no national security connection to this particular incident,” Goodale said.
But authorities said the incident during the busy lunch hour yesterday was undoubtedly deliberate, and Minassian – his head shaved, and in a white police jumpsuit – was charged with first-degree murder in a brief court appearance.
He also faces multiple counts of attempted murder over those injured in the incident.
Two South Koreans were among the dead, a foreign ministry official in Seoul told AFP, adding that another of the country's citizens seriously injured.
As the wounded recovered in local hospitals, federal, provincial and local investigators were probing the case, Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said.
“Canadians across the country are shocked and saddened by this senseless attack,” Trudeau told a news conference.
“We must not start living in fear and uncertainty every day as we go about our daily lives.”
The incident
For 30 minutes, panic struck along the nearly kilometre-long stretch of Yonge Street where the driver had jumped the curb onto the sidewalk.
“He was going really fast,” witness Alex Shaker told CTV television.
“All I could see was just people one by one getting knocked out, knocked out, one by one,” Shaker said.
“There are so many people lying down on the streets.”
Today, police continued to comb the crime scene for evidence, while crowds gathered at a makeshift memorial to leave messages of condolences and flowers.
“We must remain a country that is open and free and comfortable with its values, and we will continue to do that,” Trudeau said.
Officials will “reflect on the changing situations in which we are in, and do everything we can to keep Canadians safe,” he added.
Ireland's reaction
The Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon has condemned yesterday's fatal incident in Toronto.
“I unreservedly condemn what appears to have been a deliberate attempt to kill and injure as many people as possible,” Coveney said.
I extend my heartfelt condolences to the people of Canada at this most difficult of times.
“I know that the people of Canada, and of Toronto in particular, will be filled with shock and with sadness today. I want them to know that Ireland stands with the people of Toronto and with the people of Canada,” he said.
- © AFP 2018 with reporting by Hayley Halpin
Comments are off as legal proceedings are ongoing
LOS ANGELES (AP) — With "Star Wars: The Last Jedi" set to open this weekend, Disney and Pixar's "Coco" topped the quiet box office charts for the third time in a row.
The animated flick earned $18.5 million this weekend, and the only new wide release, "Just Getting Started" starring Morgan Freeman, opened in 10th place with a lackluster $3.2 million.
Holdovers mostly populated the top five, with "Justice League" in second place with $9.7 million, "Wonder" in third with $8.4 million, and "Thor: Ragnarok" in fifth place with $6.3 million. No. 4 was "The Disaster Artist," which performed well in its expansion to 840 theaters, bringing in just under $6.4 million.
The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theaters Friday through Sunday, followed by distribution studio, gross, number of theater locations, average receipts per location, total gross and number of weeks in release, as compiled Monday by comScore:
Advertisement
1. "Coco," Disney, $18,452,315, 3,748 locations, $4,923 average, $135,658,005, 3 weeks.
2. "Justice League," Warner Bros., $9,664,297, 3,508 locations, $2,755 average, $212,129,668, 4 weeks.
3. "Wonder," Lionsgate, $8,447,762, 3,519 locations, $2,401 average, $100,300,868, 4 weeks.
4. "The Disaster Artist," A24, $6,366,243, 840 locations, $7,579 average, $7,963,017, 2 weeks.
5. "Thor: Ragnarok," Disney, $6,271,374, 3,047 locations, $2,058 average, $301,136,438, 6 weeks.
6. "Daddy's Home 2," Paramount, $5,919,337, 3,263 locations, $1,814 average, $91,078,796, 5 weeks.
7. "Murder On The Orient Express," 20th Century Fox, $5,162,331, 3,089 locations, $1,671 average, $92,769,846, 5 weeks.
8. "The Star," Sony, $3,707,087, 2,976 locations, $1,246 average, $32,311,133, 4 weeks.
9. "Lady Bird," A24, $3,451,822, 1,557 locations, $2,217 average, $22,235,491, 6 weeks.
10. "Just Getting Started," Broad Green Pictures, $3,201,459, 2,161 locations, $1,481 average, $3,201,459, 1 week.
11. "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing Missouri," Fox Searchlight, $2,862,109, 1,620 locations, $1,767 average, $18,312,393, 5 Weeks.
12. "A Bad Moms Christmas," STX Entertainment, $2,581,446, 2,124 locations, $1,215 average, $68,702,052, 6 weeks.
13. "The Shape Of Water," Fox Searchlight, $1,141,546, 41 locations, $27,843 average, $1,372,554, 2 weeks.
14. "Roman J. Israel, Esq.," Sony, $871,624, 1,453 locations, $600 average, $11,209,149, 4 weeks.
15. "Darkest Hour," Focus Features, $741,417, 53 locations, $13,989 average, $1,196,325, 3 weeks.
16. "The Man Who Invented Christmas," Bleecker Street, $715,800, 720 locations, $994 average, $4,346,405, 3 weeks.
17. "Call Me By Your Name," Sony Pictures Classics, $285,850, 9 locations, $31,761 average, $1,367,155, 3 weeks.
18. "Blade Runner 2049," Warner Bros., $264,527, 388 locations, $682 average, $91,252,390, 10 weeks.
19. "I, Tonya," Neon Rated, $264,155, 4 locations, $66,039 average, $264,155, 1 week.
20. "The Mountain Between Us," 20th Century Fox, $244,829, 535 locations, $458 average, $30,191,120, 10 weeks.
___
Universal and Focus are owned by NBC Universal, a unit of Comcast Corp.; Sony, Columbia, Sony Screen Gems and Sony Pictures Classics are units of Sony Corp.; Paramount is owned by Viacom Inc.; Disney, Pixar and Marvel are owned by The Walt Disney Co.; Miramax is owned by Filmyard Holdings LLC; 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight are owned by 21st Century Fox; Warner Bros. and New Line are units of Time Warner Inc.; MGM is owned by a group of former creditors including Highland Capital, Anchorage Advisors and Carl Icahn; Lionsgate is owned by Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.; IFC is owned by AMC Networks Inc.; Rogue is owned by Relativity Media LLC.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Stars react to the Golden Globe Award nominations announced Monday morning in Beverly Hills, California:
— "It was my morning to carpool, so I just dropped the kids off." — Laurie Metcalf, nominated for her supporting role in "Lady Bird," on her not-so-glamorous morning.
— "It's a good day when you wake up and find out that your show is on a list with 'Game of Thrones.'" — Dan Fogelman, creator of "This Is Us," nominated for TV drama series.
— "I'm descending into nonsensical happy words because I am not, I can't believe it, it's just amazing. It's just amazing." — Greta Gerwig, nominated for writing "Lady Bird," which she also directed.
Advertisement
— "I haven't started yet, but I've been looking at a bottle and it's staring me back." — Armie Hammer, on whether it's too early to start drinking Champagne to celebrate his supporting actor nod for "Call Me By Your Name."
— "We're having champagne for breakfast!" — Margot Robbie, a double nominee as producer and star of "I, Tonya."
— "This is a Chanukah miracle." - Pamela Adlon, up for actress in a TV comedy series for "Better Things."
— "We are, in a few hours, we are about to have our London premiere of 'Darkest Hour.' Tonight. So this is sort of a bit of frosting on the cake." — Gary Oldman, nominated for actor in a drama film for his portrayal of Winston Churchill.
— "Issa Rae is a hero of mine. I'm going to try not to stalk her at the Globes. I nearly died when I heard my name and hers in the same sentence. I'm dweebing out pretty hard." — Rachel Brosnahan of "The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel," nominated alongside Rae for actress in a TV comedy series.
— "What wonderful news on such a snowy day in London." — Judi Dench, nominated for her leading role in "Victoria & Abdul."
— "This is good news for Albert Einstein." — Geoffrey Rush, nominated for playing the scientist in "Genius."
— "No matter how long you do it, it's an uncertain life, so you're always happy for encouragement. You're always happy for someone to say, 'Keep going. Keep going. We like what you're doing.'" — Willem Dafoe on his supporting actor nod for "The Florida Project."
— " I guess what I was really trying to do in retrospect is had a conversation about what it's like to be a woman in the world, and do it while playing a sex worker." — Maggie Gyllenhaal, nominated for her performance in the TV drama "The Deuce."
— "To have people recognize me still as a singer and ... you know, just for my work as Mary J. Blige and Florence — it's like yes! It's the cherry on top of the cake." — Mary J. Blige, a double nominee for her supporting performance in "Mudbound" and writing its original song.
— "My morning plans are to do a little bit of chores around the house." — Guillermo del Toro, writer and director of Monday's top nominee, "The Shape of Water," on how he'll celebrate.
— "Today is my father's birthday, and my father has been dead for many years, but he was a huge supporter of me being an actor. I don't think he was crazy about it at the beginning. But it's really, really fabulous to have this happen on his birthday." — Richard Jenkins, a supporting actor nominee for "The Shape of Water."
This year's winner will be decided by a public vote only.
All four remaining Strictly Come Dancing couples will perform their show dance this weekend in a sudden revamp of the finale format.
Show bosses have said there will be no elimination during the BBC One contest's big showdown, giving all finalists a chance to perform a Judges' Pick, a Showdance and a Favourite Dance.
The winner will then be decided by an entirely public vote.
In previous series, the conclusion of the contest saw one more couple booted out before a winner was crowned from the final three pairs.
The news comes after the elimination of Saturdays singer Mollie King and professional partner AJ Pritchard in Sunday's dance-off against actress and radio presenter Gemma Atkinson and her partner, Aljaz Skorjanec.
Joining Atkinson and Skorjanec on the dance floor for the big spectacular this weekend will be Scottish actor Joe McFadden and Katya Jones, singer Alexandra Burke and Gorka Marquez and TV's Debbie McGee and Giovanni Pernice.
The programme's official Twitter account announced on Monday: “In the Strictly Grand Final each of our four couples will dance a Judges' Pick, a Showdance and their own Favourite Dance. It's a public vote only. Then … the winners will be announced.”
In the #Strictly Grand Final each of our four couples will dance a Judges' Pick, a Showdance and their own Favourite Dance. It's a public vote only. Then… the winners will be announced. 🏆 https://t.co/BM4x7yDiOu — BBC Strictly✨ (@bbcstrictly) December 11, 2017
McFadden has been strongly tipped by bookmakers to take home the Glitter Ball Trophy this year, following in the footsteps of 2016 victor Ore Oduba.
Rupert Adams has shared 8/11 odds on a win for the Holby City star, followed by McGee with 9/4, while Coral has offered odds of 11-10.
© Press Association 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration's drive to wean poor people from government benefits by making them work has been slowed by a federal judge framing a fundamental question: Are poverty programs meant to show tough love or to help the needy?
U.S. District Judge James E. Boasberg in Washington last week halted Kentucky's first-in-the-nation experiment with Medicaid work requirements, ruling that the Trump administration glossed over potential coverage losses. He sent the state's plan back to federal authorities for a harder look.
The debate goes well beyond Medicaid, the federal-state health program for low-income and disabled people.
This spring, President Donald Trump signed an executive order directing cabinet agencies to add or strengthen work requirements for programs including subsidized housing, food stamps and cash welfare. The government's biggest assistance program for low-income people — the Earned Income Tax Credit — is already designed to supplement earnings from work.
Advertisement
Boasberg found that "medical assistance" is by law a "central objective" of Medicaid. While work requirements might be allowable if that's what a state wants, "there may be limits to how much (coverage) loss is too much," he wrote.
Kentucky's Republican Gov. Matt Bevin wanted to impose work requirements on some 428,000 state residents who got Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act's expansion. Optional for states, the expansion passed under former President Barack Obama covers about 12 million people nationally, mainly adults.
Kentucky expanded Medicaid under a Democratic governor. Bevin argues that the cost is unsustainable for his state, even with Washington paying at least 90 percent of the bill, because many more people signed up than initially expected. The state estimated that work requirements would save money, reducing the Medicaid rolls by about 95,000 people over five years.
That number got the judge's attention.
Boasberg ruled that the federal Health and Human Services department didn't dig deeply enough into the potential coverage losses. The department "paid no attention to that deprivation," he wrote, and "this oversight is glaring," amounting to rubber-stamping the state's request.
Although state and federal officials contend that many people leaving Medicaid would find private coverage, Boasberg said there was no hard analysis, no "bottom-line estimate."
The ruling seemed to catch the Trump administration unprepared.
Seema Verma, head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, called it "disappointing." The administration may appeal, or it may re-run its evaluation of the Kentucky plan to meet the judge's concerns. Medicaid work requirements in a few other states are unaffected.
However, the ruling may make it much harder to approve work requirements in states that have not expanded Medicaid. In such states, Medicaid recipients would face a high risk of losing health care because even paltry earnings could make them ineligible for continued coverage.
Verma said the administration won't be deterred from nudging the poor to go to work.
"We will continue to support innovative, state-driven policies that are designed to advance the objectives of the Medicaid program by improving health outcomes for thousands of low-income Americans," she said in a statement. Work improves health, the administration argues.
The nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation estimates that about 60 percent of adults with Medicaid are already working, and among those not working, most either have health problems, are taking care of home or family or are students.
Advocates for low-income people say they feel like a corner has been turned, even if the issue is far from settled.
"What's particularly significant is that the judge basically said you have to look at the purpose of Medicaid, which is to provide coverage," said Judy Solomon of the nonprofit Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. Work requirements "were outside the core objectives of the Medicaid program, and he basically said you can't ignore the core objectives."
Others point out that the judge stopped short of deciding the merits of the case, focusing instead on problems with the process that HHS followed in approving Kentucky's request.
Matt Salo, executive director of the nonpartisan National Association of Medicaid Directors, said work requirements may serve the purposes of Medicaid in some states, particularly if that helps convince conservative lawmakers to expand coverage to more uninsured people.
"There's a broader issue at play here about maintaining political support and the sustainability of the program," said Salo. "Does the inability to do a work requirement lead to a scenario where Kentucky is going to get rid of the entire expansion?"
So far that hasn't happened, but Bevin did cut Medicaid dental and vision coverage in response to the judge's ruling.
The case is Stewart vs. Azar.
Submitted by Sharon Sumpter
President, Represent Okanogan County
OKANOGAN – Okanogan County Commissioner Chris Branch will speak to citizens about his first months in office and the important issues before the county. This public meeting will be held at the Okanogan Grange Hall, 305 Tyee Street, Okanogan on April 23, from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m.
The theme of this community outreach is “Improvements, Direction and Future for Okanogan
County.” The public is invited to listen to the Commissioner's comments and ask questions that are of general interest to the audience. After this talk, the participants will brainstorm how to get involved and stay abreast of county actions, using a variety of methods. Topics will include the commissioners' meetings, research, candidate leadership development, voter registration, ways to access information, and how to get involved.
This community engagement event is sponsored by Represent Okanogan County, a nonpartisan, education-focused organization. Their mission is to advance the transparency, responsiveness, and accountability of Okanogan County's elected leadership. Its focus is good county governance and informing and engaging citizens' ability to affect change.
‘Insecure' fans everywhere are anxiously awaiting season 2 of HBO's hit show from Issa Rae and this teaser definitely makes it worse! Go Issa! Are you team Lawrence? or Team Issa??… let's go July 23rd!!!
July 23rd is hella soon. #InsecureHBO returns for Season 2 on 7/23 at 10:30 on HBO. pic.twitter.com/kMgeEuKK8S — Issa Rae (@IssaRae) June 14, 2017
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
By Naomi Uzor
The Manufacturers Association of Nigeria (MAN) has criticised the new Land Use Charge (LUC) Act as a conspiracy against investments, the growth of the manufacturing sector and the people of Lagos State.
President of MAN, Dr. Frank Jacobs, in a statement, said the LUC is unacceptable to the Manufacturers Association of Nigeria, it is not acceptable to the Organised Private Sector and it is unacceptable to the general public.
He said, “In fact, the new LUC Act is an unfriendly gesture that will further worsen the performance of the manufacturing sector.
“Imagine, the huge negative impact that the arbitrary upward valuation of property backed with an increase in LUC of between 200 and 1000 per cent would have on rent, real estate investments, the running costs of businesses, overhead cost of manufacturing concerns, general prices of goods and services, employment and the welfare of the populace. This is not only outrageous but a big slap on the effort of the Federal Government on the Ease of Doing Business.
“You would recall that in 2001/2002 when the LUC Act was first introduced during the administration of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, we engaged the government constructively. When the engagement process ended in a deadlock, MAN went to the law court to challenge the law and we advised our members not to pay LUC until the outcome of the suit.
“We later had an out-of-court settlement that led to our signing an agreement (renewable every 7 years) with the Lagos State Government and reduction of LUC payable by manufacturing concerns to the acceptable barest minimum” he added.
According to him, in view of MAN's style of advocacy which strongly rely on the principles of mutual understanding, dialogue, evidence based and constructive engagement, and has commenced meaningful engagements with relevant agencies of government, made useful submissions and should be meeting with the State Governor very soon.
Jacobs further stated: “ During the proposed meeting, our Association will acquaint the Governor with the current state of manufacturing in Lagos State, present our findings with evidences from our members, share our concerns with the Governor, make few demands (which will be made public after the engagement) and offer recommendations on the way forward. Hopefully, our advocacy engagement with the current Governor will not end in a deadlock” he said.
Real Madrid versus Paris Saint-Germain. Cristiano Ronaldo versus Neymar. Historic achievement versus burning ambition.
Two-time defending Champions League winner Madrid was drawn Monday to play the tournament's standout team in the last 16, made possible because the 12-time champions finished second in their group while PSG won its group.
"They (PSG) are really very strong in every department of the field," Madrid director Emilio Butragueno said. "But I have to underline, we are the holders and our players, they always rise to the occasion."
PSG bought Neymar from Barcelona for a record 222 million euro ($262 million) fee in the offseason with a specific aim of winning a first European title. Madrid won six European Cups before PSG was even formed in 1970.
Advertisement
"As I always say, we must be ready to play any team and we will be ready," PSG president Nasser al-Khelaifi said in a statement on the club's website.
Neymar scored in five straight wins as PSG finished ahead of Bayern Munich in its group, finishing with a competition record of 25 goals in the group stage.
Ronaldo scored in all six of Madrid's matches to set another Champions League record.
Barcelona, which leads the Spanish league unbeaten despite the loss of Neymar, was drawn to face Chelsea in a meeting of recent champions. The English club is one of the few opponents Lionel Messi has failed to score against.
With eight former winners in the lineup, another clash of European champions pits Liverpool against Porto.
Also, it was: Basel vs. Manchester City; Sevilla vs. Manchester United; Juventus vs. Tottenham; Bayern Munich vs. Besiktas; and Shakhtar Donetsk vs. Roma.
The first legs will be played from Feb. 13-21, with the return matches from March 6-14.
The final will be played at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, on May 26.
Madrid and PSG met in the group stage two seasons ago when the French team's leader was Zlatan Ibrahimovic. They drew 0-0 in Paris and Madrid won 1-0 at home.
"Since then they have strengthened. They have signed very, very good players," said Butragueno, whose club lost out to PSG in its pursuit of France forward Kylian Mbappe.
Barcelona and Chelsea will renew a rivalry that has included intense semifinals in 2009 and 2012. Each took a turn to advance at the other team's stadium and go on to win the title.
Tottenham's reward for taking four points from Madrid and topping its group is a pairing with Italian champion Juventus, the Champions League runner-up in two of the past three seasons.
Shakhtar will host Roma in its adopted home city of Kharkiv. Its stadium in Donetsk has been ruled unsafe for games since conflict flared in 2014 between government forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.
"It's very, very difficult," said Shakhtar CEO Sergiy Palkin, whose team edged Napoli to advance. "It's a very, very big effort for our club."
First Leg
Feb. 14
Basel (Switzerland) vs. Manchester City (England)
Juventus (Italy) vs. Tottenham (England)
Feb. 15
Porto (Portugal) vs. Liverpool (England)
Real Madrid (Spain) vs. Paris Saint-Germain (France)
Feb. 21
Bayern Munich (Germany) vs. Besiktas (Turkey)
Chelsea (England) vs. Barcelona (Spain)
Feb. 22
Sevilla (Spain) vs. Manchester United (England)
Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine) vs. Roma (Italy)
Second Leg
March 7
Liverpool (England) vs. Porto (Portugal)
Paris Saint-Germain (France) vs. Real Madrid (Spain)
March 8
Manchester City (England) vs. Basel (Switzerland)
Tottenham (England) vs. Juventus (Italy)
March 14
Manchester United (England) vs. Sevilla (Spain)
Roma (Italy) vs. Shakhtar Donetsk (Ukraine)
March 15
Barcelona (Spain) vs. Chelsea (England)
Besiktas (Turkey) vs. Bayern Munich (Germany)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In February 1999, the long-suffering residents of Spondon were celebrating news that work was finally scheduled to begin on a £50 million project that, they believed, would bring an end to the controversial “Spondon Pong”.
For several decades, the village, and parts of Chaddesden, had been plagued by a foul smell. Through the summer months, residents had even been forced to shut windows and doors in order to keep out the odour and swarms of accompanying flies.
Eventually, the origin of the smell was pinpointed to the Severn Trent Water sewage works in Megaloughton Lane. Spondon's residents had campaigned long and hard to identify the source of the “pong”. Once that was done, they had focused efforts on insisting Severn Trent do something to help them.
Now it seemed that, at last, the good folk of Spondon were just weeks away from a solution. Several years of planning by Severn Trent to upgrade the sewage treatment works were about to culminate in the transformation of the Megaloughton Lane works “fit for the 21st century”.
Bob Evans, sewage treatment manager for Severn Trent, said: “There has been a history of complaints about the odour and the flies. Various remedial measures have been put in place to try to counteract it, with some success, but not totally. We decided it was appropriate to completely restructure the works. We will be taking some of the more problematic processes out of operation to reduce the odour spread and the number of flies.”
Severn Trent had sent out more than 6,000 leaflets to local residents informing them, in some detail, about the plan and inviting them to an exhibition. The Derby Telegraph took time to explain many of the processes of sewage treatment to its readers: “The sewage arriving at the existing works undergoes a preliminary treatment to remove litter such as plastics and rags. It then goes into a settlement tank where organic solids are removed.”
The article explained that this was the main cause of the “pong”. “The remaining effluent is treated in large, open-air tanks and micro-organisms which live on stones in the tanks are used to break down the waste. These tanks have produced the odours and are a breeding ground for flies.”
A large annotated map of the sewage works accompanied the feature to show the parts of the works that were to be demolished – among them the troublesome settlement tanks, which caused the “pong” and the filter beds that were the source of the fly problem. It was also revealed that the improved works would replace this system with the rather unpromisingly named “activated sludge process”. Clusters of bacteria were to be suspended in the water, whilst air bubbled through to break down the waste.
The new process did not provide a suitable habitat for flies and, with the whole process taking place in deep tanks, rather than shallow beds, odours would be significantly reduced. The effluent would then be transferred to another settling tank before being released into the River Derwent as clean water while the remaining solid organic waste was treated using another form of bacteria in a different tank.
There would be other benefits – by-products of the process included a nutrient-rich fertiliser that could be used by the farming industry, and methane gas that was to be used to power electricity generators. Residents would have to wait to see how effective the work would be at improving conditions but many could not wait for it to begin.
As it happened, some six years later in 2005, although the problems had been alleviated greatly, the “pong” was still proving a troublesome issue and Severn Trent announced that they were due to make further improvements. This time, they were certain they could provide a solution, with a spokeswoman promising: “We'll see a dramatic reduction in smells coming from Spondon by enclosing a lot of processes which were previously done in the open air.” Did they succeed?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Furious fire crews have pleaded with drivers to stop putting lives at risk as vehicles continue to block their station.
Firefighters at Bournbrook Fire Station have warned that 'delays cost lives' after an oblivious motorist parked up in the middle of the road inside yellow hatched markings.
A short clip - taken by a firefighter at the Bristol Road station - shames the driver of a people carrier as it is caught blocking the exit.
The distracted driver remains stationary in the yellow box outside the emergency service building as several cars overtake.
The motorist is filmed for around 12 seconds before eventually moving from the middle of the road.
West Midlands Fire Service shared the footage on their Twitter account with the comment: "This video, taken by our crews @bournbrookfire shows, yet again, drivers are blocking our stations yellow box exits.
"This has been reported to police. Please keep yellow boxes clear, especially outside emergency services buildings. #DelaysCostLives #KeepClear."
But this isn't the first time firefighters have had their exits obstructed by inconsiderate drivers.
Crews from Bournbrook Fire Station have had to remind drivers parked on yellow hatched areas that they are not a designated taxi pick up point.
And in a bid to stop drivers hindering the emergency services, West Midlands Fire have tweeted several pictures of cars, taxis and buses restricting the road.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In another video, above, a car blocks firefighters responding to an emergency right outside their own station.
And the driver eventually gets out of the way - and immediately drives back onto the entrance again.
In one astonishing case, a bin lorry had stopped outside Kings Norton station as the workers popped across the road to buy chips.
Highgate Fire released a shocking video showing a driver blocking them as they leave to deal with an emergency. The car managed to pull out onto the toad - and then drives back onto the station entrance.
A WMFS spokesman said their crews are encountering vehicles that are blocking junctions or a inappropriately parked on a daily basis and this could and hamper their ability to respond to an emergency.
A spokesman said: “We all have a duty to ensure emergency vehicles can get to where they are going as quickly as possible.
“The West Midlands Fire Service aims for a 5 minute attendance time in ‘life or death' incidents like a house fire or a car crash.
“The quicker we can get to an incident will help victim survivability.
“We recently announced that our crews are now taking an average of four minutes 40 seconds to reach emergencies where people or buildings are in danger.
“It's clear that every second counts and we are always looking at ways to improve.
“We absolutely understand that everyone who takes to the road has somewhere that they need to get to, be it work, school or somewhere else but the hatching markings are there to protect us all.”
The spokesman added: “We would just like this opportunity to remind all road users, whether they are on four wheels, two wheels or on foot that they can play a part in helping to make sure that people in need of emergency assistance get it as soon as possible.”
Alexa Bliss defeated Nia Jax, Sasha Banks and Mickie James on tonight's WWE RAW to become the new #1 contender to RAW Women's Champion Bayley.
Bliss vs. Bayley will take place at the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from the SAP Center in San Jose.
Below is the updated card for the next RAW brand pay-per-view:
House of Horrors Match for the WWE Title
Bray Wyatt vs. Randy Orton
RAW Women's Title Match
Alexa Bliss vs. Bayley
WWE United States Title Match
Chris Jericho vs. Kevin Owens
WWE Cruiserweight Title Match
Austin Aries vs. Neville
RAW Tag Team Title Match
Cesaro and Sheamus vs. The Hardys
Seth Rollins vs. Samoa Joe
Roman Reigns vs. Braun Strowman
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
The local authority watchdog upheld five complaints about Wigan Council and received 67 complaints and inquiries about the town hall in a 12-month-period, figures reveal.
Data released by the Local Government Ombudsman (LGO) showed a total of 65 decisions made between 2016 and 2017, which is 20 less than the year before.
Wigan residents most commonly contacted the local ombudsman regarding adult social care, with 16 enquiries on the subject.
Other hot topics of discussion include benefits and tax, with 14 enquiries, and education and children's services alongside planning and development both with 10 queries.
However, the figures released by the LGO show that the majority of enquiries were not fully investigated, with 30 being referred back to Wigan Council for resolution and 14 being closed after initial enquiries.
Paul McKevitt, deputy chief executive, said: “In the last year only 15 complaints were investigated by the Ombudsman and only five of those were upheld, compared to 12 last year.
“Our figures are showing a downward trend in upheld complaints which is great news and a reflection of the hard work and dedication of our staff. The overall figure published by the LGO is higher than this because, for example, it includes people who make enquiries but then never contact the council with a complaint. We strive to provide the most efficient, value for money services to local residents.
“We welcome constructive criticism and feedback to help us improve services. We take all complaints very seriously and will always seek fair and transparent resolutions in a timely manner.”
Enquiries made by Wiganers to the watchdog fall in line with national statistics, with the majority of complaints and enquiries made in England relating to adult social services, planning and education.
This year on average, 54 per cent of complaints in England were upheld. This is up from 51 per cent in 2015/16, and 46 per cent the previous year.
Michael King, LGO, said: “How an organisation deals with complaints says a lot about its culture.”
A MOBILE app has been launched for overseas Filipino Workers (OFWs) that would make it easier for them to avail of the exemption from payment of a terminal fee at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA), the Department of Transportation said.
Cebu Pacific was the first airline company to launch the mobile application, the transportation department said in a statement on Monday.
OFWs will only need to check a box before the P550 International Passenger Service Charge or terminal fee is processed and paid.
The exemption is in accordance with the memorandum of agreement signed on March 15 with 40 airline companies operating at the Ninoy Aquino International Airport (NAIA) in accordance with President Rodrigo Duterte's directive to give OFWs a seamless and hassle-free airport experience.
Prior to the availability of the mobile app, airline companies began implementing the terminal fee exemption for OFWs on April 30 upon purchase of their tickets. By end of July, the exemption was made available to those booking online.
Exempted passengers are required to present valid documents upon check-in to verify their eligibility for exemption, the DOTr said. REICELENE JOY N. IGNACIO
The Global Digital Pathology Market is growing with the rapid pace; mainly due technologically advanced diagnostic tools for the chronic diseases such as cancer has upsurged the demand for digital pathology. According to a recent study report published by the Market Research Future, The Global Digital Pathology Market is booming and expected to gain prominence over the forecast period growing rapidly. The market is forecasted to demonstrate a spectacular growth by 2022, surpassing its previous growth records in terms of value with a striking CAGR during the anticipated period (2017 – 2022).
The market is expected grow with the same trends during the forecast period. The major drivers will be rapid technological advancements in digital pathology system such as advancements in digital imaging, robotic light microscopy, and multiple fiber optic communications among others. Moreover, growing prevalence of chronic conditions, that has expected to uplift the demand for digital pathology in order to improve existing patient diagnostic imaging measures and reduce high cost associated with the traditional diagnostics methods. For instance, as per National Pathology Programme, nearly 800 million tests are being performed annually which is equal to 14 for each person in England and Wales. Additionally, increasing R&D applications of static and dynamic systems is fostering the market growth of Digital Pathology Market.
To Explore More, Get PDF Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1955 .
Key Players for Global Digital Pathology Market
Some of the key players in this market are: microDimensions GmbH, Mikroscan Technologies, Inc., Q2 Solutions, Omnyx, LLC, GE Healthcare, Philips Healthcare, Huron Digital Pathology Inc, ViewsIQ Inc., 3DHISTECH Ltd, Apollo Enterprise Imaging Corp., Xifin, Inc., Definiens and others.
Global Digital Pathology Market – Competitive Analysis
The market for digital pathology is characterised by the presence of several well-established and small players, the Global market of digital pathology appears to be highly competitive and fragmented. Global players are increasingly expanding their footprint in the emerging nations, making it putting pressure on the regional players, especially in terms of features such as type, product portfolios, and pricing. The market is witnessing intensified competition which is expected to get more intensified further during the forecast period. Well established players are entering into mergers & acquisitions, collaboration, partnership, expansion, and product launch in order to gain competitive advantage in this market and to maintain their market position.
Companies like Leica Biosystems; Hamamatsu Photonics, Inc.; and Olympus Corporation are increasingly adopting extensive collaborative strategies to gain more profits and capturing new markets. For instance, in March 2017, Leica Biosystems entered into a strategic partnership with Leeds Hospital to improve productivity and workflow.
Key participants like Royal Philips has acquired the Irish PathXL, one of the largest pathology, image-based analysis firms in order to develop integrated tools targeting applications in computational biology, workflow solutions, education, and image analytics. In addition, these key activities the companies are aiming towards supporting the gradual transition of medical institutions present across the globe from the conventional pathology systems to digital pathology systems.
Thus, we can say that these competitive developments will further enable pathologists to perform high-throughput analysis of clinical image datasets that are diverse in nature and expedite improvement in the diagnosis quality, thereby presenting a potential for adoption new ad improved therapies to enhance patient health outcomes.
Get Prime Discount on Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/1955 .
Some Brief Table of Contents of Report
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
Chapter 5. Market Factor Analysis
5.1 Porters Five Forces Analysis
5.1.1 Bargaining Power Of Suppliers
TOC Continued…
Get Complete Access of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-pathology-market .
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Statistical Report, Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Hadapsar, Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
The Court of Appeal has been asked to grant an injunction preventing an English county council proceeding with adoption of a baby removed from Ireland without the parents having an opportunity to object.
The application follows earlier criticism by the appeal court of the conduct of Irish and English social workers involved in removing the baby and two siblings last September.
That removal came after proceedings taken by the English council here with the co-operation of Tusla, the Child and Family Agency.
Mr Justice Gerard Hogan, on behalf of the Court of Appeal, said Irish social workers must “stop immediately” the “wholly unlawful” practice of acting in conjunction with their UK counterparts in seeking the return to Britain of children at the centre of care proceedings without the parents' knowledge of that application.
If it does not stop, social workers could face contempt of court proceedings, he said.
A practice had grown in recent times whereby UK social workers travel to Ireland to arrange the return of children by applying to the courts here without notice to the parents “thus depriving them of any opportunity” to challenge the proceedings, he said.
It was difficult “to avoid the impression that the childcare system provided for under the Child Care Act 1991 is being circumvented for this purpose”, he said.
His comments were made during an appeal concerning the three children, all under six, brought by their British parents to Ireland last autumn when the youngest was just two days old.
Care orders
The two older children had been subject of interim care orders in the UK and, three days after they left, all three were made wards of court by the English high court.
Concerns was previously expressed by the social services unit of their local county council about the standards of hygiene within the home, parental capacity to manage the children, domestic violence in previous relationships and parental substance abuse, Mr Justice Hogan said.
The same day as the wardship orders were obtained in the UK, the English social services contacted Tusla to say they had also obtained the requisite orders that the children be returned.
Tusla later made an unannounced visit to the home of the family here.
Mr Justice Hogan said it was important to note that “nothing of concern” was found.
With the consent of the parents, the District Court here granted interim care orders to the agency and the children were placed in foster care.
The agency told the parents the UK social services would apply to the High Court here, without notice to the parents, for enforcement of the English court orders for the children's return.
Rosslare port
The High Court granted an ex-parte (one-side only represented) application by the English council and the three children were handed over by Tusla to English social workers at Rosslare port and brought to the UK. The parents were told afterwards as the English social workers believed they were a flight risk.
After the parents' challenge to the Irish High Court order was ruled out of time by two days, they went to the three-judge Court of Appeal.
Mr Justice Hogan noted the English council, which did not participate in the Court of Appeal hearing for financial reasons, had said it did not intend to return the children irrespective of the outcome of the appeal.
The English council also began moves to have the youngest child adopted in the UK.
On Wednesday, lawyers for the parents asked the Court of Appeal to grant an injunction preventing the UK council taking any further steps in those adoption proceedings. The council was not represented.
Following arguments from lawyers for the parents and the Attorney General, before the court as an amicus curiae (assistant to the court), the Court of Appeal said it would give its decision as soon as possible given the urgency of the situation.
Guy Martin is a late withdrawal from this weekend's KDM Hire Cookstown 100.
The Lincolnshire man was due to compete in the Classic race on his BSA Rocket at the Orritor course but has been forced to pull out of the first Irish national road race of the season.
Lincolnshire's Guy Martin.
It is understood Martin recently returned from Russia, where he has been working on his latest project.
The 36-year-old says he has run into gearbox problems with his home-built BSA, which cannot be resolved in time for the County Tyrone meeting.
Martin returned to Cookstown last year for the first time since 2015.
The 11-time Ulster Grand Prix winner has a fine record at the event, but Martin struggled on his comeback on the Honda Racing Fireblade and Wilson Craig 600 last year.
His travails continued at the North West 200 and culminated in a high-speed crash at Doran's Bend in the Superbike race at the Isle of Man TT.
Fortunately, he escaped unscathed but Honda Racing later withdrew from the Senior race and Martin's stint in the team came to an end week afterwards.
There was some confusion over his future plans - including reports he had retired from the sport - but Martin said he still intended to remain involved, albeit on a lesser scale.
Fans could still see Martin in action soon in Northern Ireland as he is entered on the BSA for next month's Tandragee 100.
Practice for the Cookstown 100 will be held from 12 noon on Friday.
Last week, the FBI recommended rebooting home and small office routers that could have been infected with disruptive malware, allegedly by sophisticated state-backed Russian hackers . An estimated half million routers and network-attached storage devices have been infected.
But even the FBI acknowledges this step will only "temporarily disrupt" the malware. Here are some questions and answers about the situation:
Q: How can I tell if my router is infected?
A: Short answer: You probably can't. Routers aren't very consumer-friendly, and most people lack the ability to get deep enough inside the device to tell if it's infected.
Advertisement
Q: If my router was infected and I reboot, is it safe?
A: No. Turning an infected router off and on again only removes some of the malware — such as elements that could snoop on your internet activity or even overwrite the basic code on your router, thus "bricking" it (that is, turning it into an inoperable brick). The core infection persists on reboot and there's no simple way to delete it.
The good news is that last week, the FBI seized of the command-and-control server that sends instructions to the infected routers, disrupting the zombie network that could be used to mount a crippling internet-based attack. The bad news is that the persistent malware is in listening mode, awaiting instructions. "So all the cards are still on the table," said Craig Williams of Cisco's Talos cyberthreat intelligence team, which identified the operation it calls VPNFilter.
Q: Why can't I completely remove the malware from my router?
A: For starters, routers are difficult for ordinary users to fiddle with. They have publicly known vulnerabilities that aren't easy for average users to patch and typically aren't equipped with anti-virus software packages or intrusion protection systems. That said, if you can update your router's "firmware" to the latest version — something you can often do via the router's phone app or web interface — you should. It may not fix the problem, but it won't hurt and may help.
Q: Which devices are affected and where can I learn more?
A: Cisco identified these companies as makers of affected devices: Linksys, Mikrotik, Netgear, TP-Link and QNAP. It said most of the infected routers are in Ukraine. You can find more details from Talos and the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team . The FBI says it has nothing new to report beyond the announcement it put out Friday.
___
Links:
FBI announcement: https://www.ic3.gov/media/2018/180525.aspx
Talos blog: https://blog.talosintelligence.com/2018/05/VPNFilter.html
U.S. CERT release: https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA18-145A
“This race is going to be a long, hard road,” Beavers, who has multiple opponents in the 2018 GOP primary, told a Greater Kingsport Republican Women's luncheon. “We've got barely under a year to go before the primary. We literally have been from Memphis to Mountain City. … We're trying to tell people where we stand on the issues. I want you to listen carefully when you listen to the other candidates and see what they talk about.”
Beavers' main challengers in that GOP primary are expected to be state House Speaker Beth Harwell, U.S. Rep. Diane Black, Knoxville businessman and former state Economic Development Commissioner Randy Boyd and Franklin businessman Bill Lee.
Beavers, R-Mt. Juliet, opposed the 2002 move to pass a state income tax and voted against legislation this year to increase the state's gas tax by 6 cents per gallon over the next three years. She wants to roll back the gas tax hike.
“I see a big difference [in the legislature],” Beavers told the luncheon. “Now that we have a two-thirds majority [in the General Assembly], it seems like a lot of that passion has left. … Opposing the income tax was easy. … It was easy for me because I saw the waste in the budget. … We didn't have the same enthusiasm this year to kill the gas tax. … I didn't feel like we needed it. We had a $2 billion surplus this year.”
Beavers sponsored and passed a resolution asking the federal government to “take the strings off” federal highway dollars granted to the states. “I hope President Trump will pay attention to that with all the talk on infrastructure. … I think roads are the most important,” she said of the resolution.
Beavers said she's concerned about testing going on in state schools because teachers “teach to the test,” and she called for more local control in schools. “I'm one who thinks we ought to do away with the [U.S.] Department of Education in Washington and leave it up to the states,” she said.
She advocated more attention to homeland security, better training for local law enforcement, block grants for states' Medicaid programs and stronger DUI laws.
Tennessee, she also pointed out, needs more faith-based solutions to get people off drugs, because “these clinics are not helping the situation.”
Beavers said she supports so-called “constitutional carry,” or the legal carrying of a handgun, either openly or concealed, without a license or permit.
“If constitutional carry passes in the House and Senate, I will sign it into law,” she said.
Beavers also made it clear she's a big Trump supporter.
“He's trying to make our country better,” she said of Trump.
A research study on the global vehicle cameras market has been recently published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), a market intelligence and research firm. The report, titled “Vehicle Cameras Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2014 – 2020”, estimates the market to expand at a CAGR of 11.30% during the period from 2014 to 2020 and reach US$1.2 bn by the end of the forecast period. The report further states that the worldwide vehicle cameras market stood at close to US$0.6 bn in 2013.
According to the research report, North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East and Africa are the key regional markets for vehicle cameras. Among these, Europe holds the leading share in the global market. In 2013, it has accounted for a share of 44% in the global market. The rising usage of cameras in automobiles in the U.K. and Russia is considered as the main driver for the vehicle cameras market in Europe. Analysts project this regional market to retain its position over the forecast period.
The Asia Pacific market for vehicle cameras is also experiencing an impressive rise in its market share. The rapid increase in the demand for vehicle cameras from Australia, China, South Korea, and Taiwan, owing to the growth of the automotive sector as well as the rise in the disposable income of consumers, is fueling this regional market significantly. The vehicle cameras market in Asia Pacific is likely to report the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 12.0% during the forecast period, notes the research study.
Obtain brochure for latest advancement and technology https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4154
The global market for vehicle cameras has been analyzed on the basis of product prices and end-use applications in this market study. Based on price, affordable cameras (less than US$100), mid-range cameras (US$100-US$200), and high-end cameras (more than US$200) are the major segments of the global vehicle cameras market.
The mid-range vehicle cameras segment leads the overall market on account of its popularity among consumers. In 2013, this market segment held a share of 41% in the global vehicle cameras market. The presence of state-of-the-art features at a relatively lower price has been the main driver of this market segment.Though affordable vehicle cameras are available at the most economical rates, the lack of advanced features has limited the demand for them, the report states.
On the basis of end-use application, the market report classifies the global market for vehicle cameras into the markets for private vehicles, transportation vehicles, government and defense vehicles, and other vehicles used in healthcare, fire rescue, and sports. Private vehicles have emerged as the biggest end user of vehicle cameras. The market segment accounted for a share of 35.2% in the overall revenue generated in the global market in 2013.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=4154
Qrontech Co., Ltd., GoPro Inc., AIPTEK International Inc., DCS Systems Ltd., Garmin International Inc., Transcend Information Inc., Pittasoft Co. Ltd., S.Will Industrial Ltd., and Hyundai MnSoft are the key manufacturers of vehicle cameras across the world, states the market report.
The global vehicle cameras market Is segmented into:
By Price:
Affordable (upto US$ 100)
Mid-range (US$ 100 to US$ 200)
High-end (above US$ 200)
By End-use Application:
Government and Defense Vehicles
Private Vehicles
Transportation Vehicles
Others (Healthcare, Fire Rescue and Sports Vehicles)
By Region:
11 of 11
10 of 11
9 of 11
8 of 11
7 of 11
6 of 11
5 of 11
4 of 11
3 of 11
2 of 11
1 of 11
Continue reading Mommy & Me: Adorable Pictures Of Celeb Mamas & Their Kids
Police officers stand by a covered body in Toronto after a van mounted a sidewalk and crashed into a crowd of pedestrians on Monday, April 23, 2018. The van apparently jumped a curb Monday in a busy intersection in Toronto, struck the pedestrians and fled the scene before it was found and the driver was taken into custody, Canadian police said. The Canadian Press via AP Aaron Vincent Elkaim
Cork 2-23 Tipperary 1-13
Cork swept to their first Munster Under-21 hurling title in 11 years and their 19th in all with a surprisingly comfortable win over Tipperary at Páirc Uí Chaoimh this evening.
They led by 1-12 to 0-5 at half-time. Goalkeeper Ger Collins saved brilliantly from Darragh Woods's fourth-minute penalty and the home side took over after that to the delight of the majority of the 6,732 attendance.
Tim O'Mahony set-up Robbie O'Flynn for a well-taken goal after 15 minutes and Cork kept the scoreboard ticking along to be well in control despite losing senior star Darragh Fitzgibbon to illness during the half.
Any hope of a Tipperary revival disappeared with a couple of minutes of the restart, when Declan Dalton sent Jack O'Connor clear to finish sweetly for Cork's second goal.
Cork's other senior players, man-of-the-match Mark Coleman and captain Shane Kingston, contributed handsomely to the success.
Jerome Cahill grabbed a consolation goal for Tipp in injury-time.
Cork: G Collins; S Smyth, D Griffin, N O'Leary; B Hennessy, E Murphy (0-1), D Lowney; M Coleman (0-3, 1 sideline, 1 free), D Fitzgibbon; R O'Flynn (1-1), D Dalton (0-7, S Kingston, captain, (0-4); J O'Connor (1-2), T O'Mahony (0-1), L Healy (0-2). Subs: C Cahalane (0-1) for Fitzgibbon, injured, 22 mins, D Connery for Smyth, 45 mins, A Myers (0-1) for O'Flynn injured 55 mins, C O'Leary for Dalton and M O'Halloran for Healy, both 57 mins.
TIPPERARY: C Barrett; P Campion, B McGrath, K O'Dwyer; C Flanagan, P Cadell, D Quirke; G Browne (0-4), C English, captain; J Cahill (1-1), P Feehan, M Kehoe; D Gleeson, J Morris (0-1), D Woods (0-2). Subs: C Morgan for Campion 24 mins, C Darcy for Woods and L Fairbrother (0-5, four frees, 1'65) for Gleeson, both half-time, S Neville for English, 44 mins, C Stakelum for Kehoe 53 mins. Referee: J Murphy (Limerick)
If Drake ever decides to quit the music biz, it seems there could be another career he may be good at. Or at least he thinks he might be.
Over the weekend while in Manchester, England, the hip hop star offered his services to the local police.
Drake had become stuck in traffic in his tour bus due to police blocking roads because of a suicidal man threatening to jump off a bridge.
“One officer was approached by a male from a tour van caught up in the traffic congestion, claiming to be part of Drake's entourage,” Phil Spurgeon, of the City Centre Intergrated Neighbourhood Policing Team, told Manchester Evening News. “He offered for Drake to speak to the male on the bridge, if that would help. The offer was declined with thanks.” Luckily the man was talked off the bridge.
Drake is in Europe for the Boy Meets World Tour.
Tom Brady is celebrating his Fourth of July holiday out in nature, and oh my, he saw a bear!
The Patriots quarterback shared his not-so-close encounter with a bear during his trip to Montana on Wednesday. Brady could not have been more excited.
This man really is a living legend pic.twitter.com/glXI2UnFhW — Kelvin (@nivlekev) July 4, 2018
Patriots fans don't have to worry because Brady kept his distance and didn't disturb the animal. Plus, look how happy Brady was.
The Patriots will face the Chicago Bears in October, so maybe he's doing some advanced scouting.
JOINT BASE PEARL HARBOR-HICKAM, Hawaii (AP) — In a bow to America's growing connection to India and its expanding security role in the region, the Pentagon is changing the name of the U.S. military's Pacific headquarters to U.S. Indo-Pacific Command.
Under cloudy Pearl Harbor skies, with the USS Arizona Memorial as a backdrop, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis formally announced the name change Wednesday. He spoke during a leadership change ceremony as U.S. Navy Adm. Philip Davidson took over the command from Adm. Harry Harris, who has been nominated to be the next U.S. ambassador to South Korea.
The change is largely symbolic in nature, and carries no fundamental shifts in troops, military missions or other Pentagon activities. Instead, Mattis said, it's a "recognition of the increasing connectivity between the Indian and Pacific oceans."
Mattis said the new defense strategy released last year "acknowledges Pacific challenges and signals America's resolve and lasting commitment to the Indo-Pacific." And he said relationships with Pacific and Indian Ocean allies have been critical to maintaining regional security.
Advertisement
The U.S. and India have been forging stronger security ties for the last several years, with defense secretaries making more frequent visits and conducting talks on sharing technology.
The two sides also share concerns about maritime security in the Indo-Pacific, including worries about China's increasingly aggressive build-up and militarization of manmade islands in the region.
Concerns about China were evident during the ceremony, along with the ongoing negotiations over a possible summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to discuss Pyongyang's nuclear program.
"China continues to improve both the size and the capability of its armed forces, in hopes to supplant the U.S. as the security partner of choice not just in the Indo-Pacific region, but across the globe — and on its own terms," Davidson said as he took over the new command.
Mattis took a subtle swipe at China's "Belt and Road" initiative, which links Beijing's economies to the rest of Asia, the Middle East, Africa and Europe through massive loans and investments.
"The Indo-Pacific has many belts and many roads," said Mattis.
In leaving the command post, Harris laid out the threats across the region. He said North Korea "remains our most imminent threat" and a nuclear-capable Pyongyang is unacceptable.
He added that the U.S. should "cooperate with Beijing where we can" but must stand ready to confront China when necessary.
Soave Classico 2015, Balestri Valda
This week two well-known names, often abused by supermarkets and Italian trattoria up and down the country. Cheap Soave and Chianti can both be pretty awful, but there is a reason they became famous in the first place; the good versions are great wines. The real Soave is a fresh, crisp, light, dry white with notes of citrus and almonds. The Soave Balestri Valda, from Wines Direct in Mullingar & Arnotts, and online from winesdirect.ie at a very friendly €14.60, is a perfect example of the real thing. Drink solo or with lighter seafood dishes.
Chianti da Vinci 2015
If only all Chianti tasted like this. A very moreish refreshing red wine with ripe fresh red cherries and plums, nicely rounded tannins and a clean finish. Perfect with all kinds of lighter meat dishes, pasta with tomato sauce or pizza. €14.99 from McHugh's Artane and Kilbarrack, and The Silver Granite, Palmerstown.
At least 12 civilians have been killed and many others have sustained injuries in southern Yemen after a roadside bomb went off under a vehicle, local sources say.
The deadly incident occurred in a crowded market in the Qa'atabah district of the southwestern province of Dali' on Monday afternoon, Yemen's Arabic-language al-Masirah television network reported, citing local sources, adding that the death toll could increase due to the magnitude of the explosion.
Furthermore, a security official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that the explosive device had been planted there to target a military vehicle but instead it hit the victims' vehicle.
It was not immediately clear whether all the casualties were all in the ill-fated vehicle or the huge blast hit a number of pedestrians as well.
No group or individual has claimed responsibility for the attack, but it has the hallmark of the Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) Takfiri terrorist outfit, which alongside its rival, the Takfiri Daesh terrorist group, has exploited more than two years of Saudi Arabia's war against the Yemeni nation, trying to deepen its influence in the impoverished country by launching bombings and shooting attacks.
Since March 2015, Saudi Arabia has been heavily bombarding Yemen as part of a brutal campaign against its impoverished southern neighbor in an attempt to reinstall Hadi, a staunch ally of Riyadh, and crush the popular Houthi Ansarullah movement, which is in control of large parts of Yemen including the capital Sana'a. The Saudi campaign, however, has failed to achieve its goals.
Hadi, who initially fled the country to Riyadh, managed to capture Aden in July 2015 with the military help of the regime in Riyadh after it fell into the hands of Houthis in September 2014.
Since then, Hadi, along with his supporters and militiamen, have turned the port city into their base, calling it the country's temporary capital, and have gone hand-in-hand with the Saudi war machine against the nation, trying to take control of more regions in the country.
Earlier in the day, another attack was reported to target a senior pro-Hadi militia, wounding him and killing his son in the town of Loder in southern province of Abyan, which is a neighbor to Eden province from the east, strongly suspected to be carried out by the AQAP.
Over the past two years, Houthis have been running state affairs and defending Yemeni people against the Saudi campaign.
Latest figures show that the imposed war has so far killed over 12,000 Yemenis and wounded thousands more. The Saudi aggression has also taken a heavy toll on the country's facilities and infrastructure, destroying many hospitals, schools, and factories.
Certain Arab countries, including the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain, are key partners to the campaign, which lacks any international mandate and has faced increasing criticism.
I suspect that when Americans think about retiring abroad, they focus on Latin American countries, due to proximity and because places like Panama, Belize, Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic usually show up on Best Places to Retire Abroad lists. Well, you won't find any of those four countries in the Top 10 of The World's Best Places to Retire in 2017 from Live and Invest Overseas.
What you will find is a preponderance of Europe (six of the Top 10) plus a smattering of Mexico (two places) and Asia (two places, both in Malaysia).
Another surprise: eight of those didn't even make the Top 10 in the 2016 list from Live and Invest Overseas. “That surprised me too,” said Lief Simon, investment editor at Live and Invest Overseas and husband of the group's founder and publisher, Kathleen Peddicord.
In this year's Top 10, the Algarve region of southern Portugal ranked No. 1 (for the fourth year in a row). Rounding out the list: 2. Valletta, Malta (it was No. 2 last year, too); 3. Mazatlán, Mexico; 4. Abruzzo, Italy; 5. Saint-Chinian, France; 6. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; 7. Lisbon, Portugal; 8. Budapest, Hungary; 9. San Miguel de Allende, Mexico and 10. George Town, Malaysia.
By contrast, rival International Living's Best Places to Retire Abroad list, which I wrote about earlier this year, had six other countries in its Top 10 for 2017. Only Mexico, Malaysia, Portugal and Malta appeared in both lists. International Living ranks countries; Live and Invest Overseas ranks cities, towns and regions.
Live and Invest Overseas' Top 10 list had a seismic shake-up compared with 2016 for two reasons: The strong U.S. dollar has made Europe more affordable (though big cities like Paris, London and Rome are still pricey). And the rankers changed their methodology. As in the past, they combined data with on-the-ground knowledge of their editors. But this year, they broadened their list from 21 “Best Places” to 30 by selecting one winner and one runner-up in Latin America, Europe and Asia in five broad categories.
So, why won't you find the likes of Panama or Ecuador on this year's Live and Invest Overseas Best Places to Retire Abroad list? Simon, who with Peddicord has been living in Panama until recently, said: “Part of it is that a lot of the areas we've talked about [in Latin America] have become more expensive. And European destinations do so well on things like infrastructure.”
You can learn much more about the Live and Invest Overseas ranking and its winners at the group's site or by attending its Retire Overseas Conference in Orlando, Fla., Aug. 27 to Aug. 30 ($895 per per person).
1. Portugal's Algarve Region
Shutterstock Algarve, Portugal
Live and Invest Overseas scored this Old World region especially strong for safety and health care. But the true claims to fame for this expat-friendly area (English is widely spoken) are climate and recreation. There's year-round sunshine, 100 miles of the Atlantic Ocean coastline and 42 golf courses. Live and Invest Overseas also calls The Algarve “the best retirement option in Western Europe for the retiree on a budget.” The cost of living is about 30 percent lower than on the Continent. An unfurnished, two-bedroom apartment rents for about $720 now.
Lief Simon, the investment editor at Live and Invest Overseas, says Portugal has two residency options that may interest expat retirees: The Golden Visa program, which requires you to stay in the country only one week a year as long as you purchase real estate in the country (there are rules on the minimum value) or what Simon calls the “self-sufficiency” residency, permitted if your income is at least roughly $1,300 a month. For that residency, you must spend least half the year in Portugal.
One caveat: “Real-estate prices are starting to come up,” Simon says. “It's still relatively affordable.”
2. Valletta, Malta
Getty Images Valletta, a fortified town that dates back to the 16th century, is the capital of Malta and a UNESCO World Heritage site.
Ranked No. 2 in the Live and Invest Overseas list last year, too, Valletta is the capital of the tiny Mediterranean country due south of Sicily and north of the North African coast. Here, says Simon, you can qualify for residency by renting a house or an apartment exceeding certain thresholds. (Typical monthly rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Valletta currently: $915.) Live and Invest Overseas says Valletta isn't one of the prettiest parts of Malta, but it is quite lively at night.
3. Mazatlan, Mexico
Shane Smith/Wikipedia Mazatlán
Known for its North American expat community, this Pacific coast beach resort has, according to Live and Invest Overseas, “a little bit of everything” — 20 miles of beaches, world-class fishing, historical attractions, delicious street food and an international airport. Climate? Tropical, with a wet season and a dry season.
4. Abruzzo, Italy
Shutterstock Abruzzo, Italy
Live and Invest Overseas calls Abruzzo “the most overlooked and undervalued” region in Central Italy. The cost of living is 30 to 70% less than in Tuscany or Umbria, the researchers say. A retired couple could live here on about $1,400 a month, including rent, according to the Live and Invest Overseas editors. There's easy access to beaches in the summer and skiing in the winter.
5. Saint-Chinian, France
Guillaume Saint-Chinian
Located in the Languedoc region of southern France, Saint-Chinian may be best known for its red, white and rosé wines. Live and Invest Overseas says you can live and retire comfortably here for under 1,800 euros a month, which works out to about $2,100.
6. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
AFP/Getty Images An opera actress backstage before a performance in Kuala Lumpur.
The top-ranked Asian location in the 2017 Best Places to Retire Abroad list from Live and Invest Overseas, the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur has more than seven million people. So, quiet and remote it's not. But it is, the researchers say, one of the world's “most affordable, exotic, and at the same time, fully appointed and comfortable places to retire.” Monthly rent here: About $560. Travel a bit out of the city and you'll hit rural villages, where life is slower. Foreigners are welcome in Kuala Lumpur and almost everyone speaks “adequate English,” say Live and Invest Overseas' editors.
7. Lisbon, Portugal
AFP/Getty Images The Alfama neighborhood of Lisbon.
The second of two Portuguese spots in the Top 10 List of Live and Invest Overseas' Best Places to Retire Abroad (Portugal's Algarve region ranked No. 1), Lisbon offers many of the attractions of costlier European capitals. Plus: beaches! It's an easy plane ride over from the U.S.; there are regular daily flights from Newark, N.J. and Miami. Monthly rent: About $770.
8. Budapest, Hungary
AFP/Getty Images The River Danube in Budapest.
The only Eastern European spot in the Top 10 Best Places to Retire Abroad from Live and Invest Overseas, bustling Budapest is becoming trendy with retirees as well as millennials. It's one of the largest and, Live and Invest Overseas says, “most metropolitan” cities in Europe. The editors also call Budapest one of the best destinations to enjoy a full life of entertainment.
9. San Miguel de Allende, Mexico
Shutterstock San Miguel de Allende
Dubbed by some locals as the best place in the world to retire, this semidesert valley in central Mexico made the Live and Invest Overseas Top 10 partly because of its large, welcoming expat community. The editors say there are also classes in two to three dozen subjects at any time in this friendly small town. A couple can live and retire here for less than $1,500 a month, according to Live and Invest Overseas.
10. George Town, Malaysia
Shutterstock George Town
Smaller and slower than the other Malaysian locale in the Live and Invest Overseas Top 10 Places to Retire Abroad (Kuala Lumpur was No. 6), George Town is the capital of Penang (Island of Pearls), west of the mainland. The editors say the island has excellent medical care and reasonably priced and that locals communicate largely in English. ECA International called George Town the most livable city in Malaysia and a few years back, Lonely Planet dubbed Penang the top food destination in the world — dining choices include Chinese, Malay, Indian, Thai and more, often for about $3 a person. A small furnished apartment rents for less than $300 a month; a large villa with an ocean view rents for more like $3,000 a month.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - In roughly one year's time, a private company pumped nearly 6,000 gallons of Broward Sheriff's Office gas paid for by taxpayers into its own vehicles – and now that dubious expenditure is fueling a "no-confidence" vote by patrol deputies in an effort to help push Sheriff Scott Israel out of office.
The no-confidence vote began this week in large part due to the agency's failure to protect students during the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in February. But BSO union chief Jeff Bell, who is overseeing the vote, said the gas giveaway is more evidence that the sheriff is unfit for office and that Gov. Rick Scott should remove him from his post for incompetence and neglect of duty.
BSO gave Napa Auto Parts, which has a contract to deliver parts to BSO's fleet, access to its gas tanks and public records obtained by the union show that the company was responsible for taking 5,786 gallons of publicly financed gas from BSO pumps in about a year's time.
"It should not be happening," Bell said. "It's the fleecing of the taxpayers right now."
Bell said BSO told him the company was given free BSO gas as a way to offset the cost of the contract, but the union chief said the practice is unsound for a number of reasons and opens up the potential for abuse.
"There's no logical explanation why we should be giving them gas," he said. "We do not pay all the road tax on the gas, so there's tax issues there. We're not licensed to sell, barter or trade gasoline and our pumps are not regulated ... so we don't know the true amount of gallons of gas that are going out. It could be a lot more than the almost 6,000 gallons. … They could fill up their boat they could fill up their car, their RV, there's no way to know."
BSO did not respond to questions from Local 10 about the practice. Bell said deputies first discovered that BSO was allowing Napa to use the BSO gas tanks months ago. He said he personally sat down with Israel to voice his concern about the practice and was told it would stop. Then earlier this month, a deputy spotted a Napa truck back at the BSO pump behind the gates at Station 32 near the airport pumping gas and took photographs to prove it.
"We knew that was wrong and it was supposedly corrected," Bell said. "However, on April 10 of this year, we found Napa Auto Parts back at our fuel pumps and that problem was never corrected, except the gas cards were reissued under a different account number."
Bell, who is a BSO deputy himself, said the revelation provided another reason for the governor to remove his boss, Israel, from office and helped spur the decision for the no-confidence vote. Deputies are currently casting ballots for or against the sheriff with the results expected to be announced Thursday afternoon.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Global Grind
Released in 1995, The Show includes a dope soundtrack and enlightening interviews with the superstars of 90's rap.
Of course, Uncle Russell Simmons set the tone in the film's first interview, insisting the director keep it real and not cut out his rated-R ramblings.
The show features The Notorious B.I.G., Sean “Puffy” Combs, Snoop Doggy Dogg, Dr. Dre, Warren G, LL Cool J, Craig Mack, Naughty by Nature, Raekwon, Run-D.M.C., Slick Rick, Tha Dogg Pound and the Wu-Tang Clan.
Stream it on YouTube below.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Thanks to Alex Chang for the following WWE live event results from Friday's show in Salina, Kansas:
Some of these results are out of order. Great show, says our whole family. Braun Strowman, Finn Balor and Seth Rollins were the most popular, the top heels would've been The Bar, Elias and Bo Dallas. The Bar did receive some positive reactions at times.
* Finn Balor defeated Bo Dallas. Sick match, great way to open the show.
* The Revival defeated Rhyno and Heath Slater.
* Braun Strowman destroyed Heath Slater. They tried some comedy here and Braun was really over.
* Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows defeated Titus O'Neil and Apollo Crews. Gallows and Anderson looked great, got the win with a strong looking Magic Killer.
* Matt Hardy defeated Bray Wyatt. They tried more storytelling than you'd see on TV or PPV and it felt like they wanted to do more but this wasn't bad.
* Goldust defeated Curt Hawkins. Goldust looks as good as ever, really impressive.
* Asuka and Bayley defeated Nia Jax and RAW Women's Champion Alexa Bliss. Asuka got the submission win over Bliss.
* Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins defeated Elias and RAW Tag Team Champions Cesaro & Sheamus in a 2-on-3 Handicap Match. Elias receives some heat with his pre-match song but it was so good that he got over despite the heat attempt. Rollins was also over here and Reigns seemed to ride on that, at other times it was very mixed for Reigns.
Mid-Missouri brush fires on the rise
Credit: Columbia Fire Department
BOONE COUNTY — The Boone County Fire Protection District responded to 12 natural cover fires on Saturday.
The Columbia Fire Department and the Southern Boone County Fire Protection District served as backup on some of those fires and answered calls of their own.
Gale Blomenkamp, assistant chief at the Boone County Fire District, said as temperatures rise, people are more inclined to start burning branches and leaves in their yard from winter. However, everything is still very dry and humidity is high, so those fires can become out of control quickly. Humidity is highest in the early morning and evening.
Blomenkamp said if wind speeds are any higher than 5 to 10 mph, it is not safe to burn anything.
He also said Missouri has had a low amount of moisture this year, adding to the fire danger.
It is important for anyone starting a controlled fire to check weather conditions and contact their local fire department if they have any questions.
British author Kazuo Ishiguro has won the 2017 Nobel Prize for Literature. In 1989, he won the Booker Prize for the novel The Remains of the Day. His novels, When We Were Orphans, Never Let Me Go, The Buried Giant, among others, which were described as driven with “great emotional force, have uncovered the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world.”
In 2005, Jack Ma was selected as a “Young Global Leader” by the World Economic Forum. About 10 years after, he ranked second in Fortune magazine's list of the World's 50 Greatest Leaders. By his own account, Jack Ma applied for 30 different jobs and got rejected by all. Today, he is the executive chairman of the Alibaba Group, and is one of the top three richest persons in China.
Steve Jobs was booted out of Apple and was invited to return. He singlehandedly revived the company that was on the brink of bankruptcy. He transformed the technological landscape and had dramatically changed our lives. He passed on in 2011. He has remained an icon to this day.
Ishiguro wrote The Remains of the Day in four weeks. He cleared his diary of all appointments for that period, when he did nothing but write non-stop from 9:00 a.m. to 10:30 p.m., Mondays through Saturdays. He entertained neither mails nor phone calls. The only breaks he took were one hour for lunch and two for dinner.
According to him, throughout the entire self-imposed solitary period, he “wrote free-hand, not caring about the style. The priority was simply to get the ideas surfacing and growing. Awful sentences, hideous dialogue, scenes that went nowhere – he let them remain and ploughed on.”
Jack Ma calls himself a “tech dummy.” He was an English teacher. His knowledge about technology is minimal, if not abysmal. By his own account, the Alibaba Group survived because he “knows nothing about technology.” All products had to be tested by him first. If he could not understand it, then there was no way the market could. Ergo, the product returned to the drawing board.
Steve Jobs was put up for adoption. He dropped out of college. He went to India and sought enlightenment by practicing Zen Buddhism. In a Harvard Business Review article, biographer Walter Isaacson distilled the leadership lessons of Jobs. Simply put, there were only two: simplify and be different.
Moths naturally fly toward the flame. People are naturally attracted to success. They pore over Jobs' biography for secrets to his success. A month ago, students asked Jack Ma for advice on how to make it big. For years, Ishiguro's readers have mostly been the literati. Lately, however, there is a sudden interest in his books among the hoi polloi.
Success stories can only inspire. They can't be duplicated. The dynamics are different. It would be silly to think that if one were a college dropout like Jobs, he would probably start the next Apple. Dim to entertain the thought that starting a venture with zero knowledge can make him another Ma. And foolish to muse that holing oneself up for a month will make him an Ishiguro.
Kazuo Ishiguro admitted that his “crash” was counter-intuitive. Jack Ma warned students not to learn from him. After all, there is and will only be one Jack Ma.
In the famous Stanford commencement address, Steve Jobs said, “Stay Foolish. Stay Hungry.” We took the first part… perhaps too literally.
In other words, don't copy. Understand the context.
Real Carpio So lectures on strategy and human resource management at the Management and Organization Department of Ramon del Rosario College of Business of De La Salle University. He is also an entrepreneur and a management consultant. He welcomes comments at realwalksonwater@gmail.com. Archives can be accessed at realwalksonwater.wordpress.com. The views expressed above are the author's and do not necessarily reflect the official position of DLSU, its faculty, and its administrators.
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – All afterschool activities in the Bibb County School District are cancelled for Monday.
Officials say the decision was made this afternoon following a weather briefing with the National Weather Service.
- Advertisement -
The Cherry Blossom Concert at Central High School, all athletic games and practices, and all afterschool programs will not take place Monday.
Illustration by Jim Cooke
First, there were snakes on a plane. Then, we had sharks in tornadoes. Now, there is a darker and more prevalent combination of pests and unlikely places they exist: cockroaches in your PS4.
Advertisement
I heard about PS4's roach problem at an independent console repair shop on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. XCubicle is a clean and well-kept business where locals drop off their broken consoles to get diagnosed and repaired. Its co-founder, Patrick Che, was listing the types of repair issues he encounters on a day-to-day basis: coins inside disc drives, 3DS mods gone wrong. That's when he pointed to the “roach bags,” black garbage bags heaped up in the corner of the room.
“You see those bags?” he asked. “Those are bags full of roaches. Those are all dead by now.” Che added that roach-infested PS4s are so common that XCubicle now charges a $25 “roach fee.” They get at least one each week. Other console repairmen interviewed say that at least half of the PS4s they receive are loaded with roaches.
Advertisement
In cities, anywhere dark and warm runs the risk of hosting the horrible Periplaneta Americana. Most consoles lie horizontally in dark or enclosed areas, like media centers, so they're pretty welcoming to the little critters. Roaches make their way into Xbox Ones sometimes, too. Console repairmen tend to get more PS4s in than Xbox Ones in part because there are more PS4s out there, but according to independent console repairmen interviewed, the PS4 also has the most to offer as a roach hotel.
The PS4's design accommodates roaches better than other consoles' because its ventilation grates are wider. Those vents are located at the bottom of the console, so roaches can get in with ease. Also, according to repair professionals, the PS4's insides gets hotter than the Xbox One's because of its internal power supply. Warm, in an enclosed space and close to the floor, PS4s are great roach nesting grounds.
Roach-infested PS4s are a big problem. Especially because Sony won't take them in for repairs (Sony did not provide comment). Instead, independent console repairmen have the pleasure of scrubbing the roach crap off your console's power supply. Matt Zieminski, who works for console repair suite IFixit, told me that most of the time, the consoles aren't sent in for roach cleaning—the users don't know they're infested. The PS4s just stop working and the owners don't know why. Turns out, the PS4's internal power supply fries roaches onto its components, which can stop the PS4 from turning on. When the bugs have made little homes in there, and have little roach kids, those roach kids and their feces can melt onto the hardware.
Advertisement
Sponsored
Zieminski knows a PS4 is infested because “Roaches leave traces,” he says. “Their poop color is distinct and has a certain smell to it. We kind of know right off the bat if there are poop stains on the vent of the fan—we assume it's bug-loaded.” To get it working again, console repairmen usually replace the power supply. Then, they'll take the console apart, sterilize it with an ultrasonic cleaner, and put it back together.
How do gamers prevent this disgusting and traumatic scenario? PS4s should be stored in the open, where they have enough airflow for breathing. They should also be stored higher up, so roaches have a hard time climbing to them. And, of course, you should keep your dang apartment clean.
Police sirens (Photo: News Journal file photo)
One student was hospitalized and another faces charges following a fistfight Friday morning at Bellview Middle School, according to the Escambia County Sheriff's Office.
Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Amber Southard said the fight happened in a school bathroom at about 9:30 a.m.
The school was never on lockdown, but there was a "delay in class exchange until everything was under control," according to Norm Ross, the deputy superintendent of the Escambia County School District.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/bellview-middle-school-student-hospitalized-another-charged-after-fight/740120001/
A motion will be tabled at Belfast City Council next week to commemorate the Srebrenica genocide of 1995.
The move, proposed by Alliance councillor David Armitage and seconded by the DUP's George Dorrian, comes ahead of a series of events across Belfast to remember the massacre.
More than 8,000 Muslim men and boys were killed by Bosnian Serb forces on July 11, 1995 and 20,000 more civilians were displaced from the Srebrenica area in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.
What took place at Srebrenica almost 25 years ago would go on to be remembered as one of the worst cases of ethnic cleansing Europe has ever seen.
On July 8, Crescent Arts Centre will be screening ‘Fog of Srebrenica', a documentary telling the stories of the survivors of the genocide.
Belfast City Hall will host a commemoration event on July 10, and an inter-faith walk will take place from city hall to St Anne's Cathedral on Sunday July 15.
The series of events has been organised with the help of Remembering Srebrenica NI, the Northern Ireland arm of the UK charity Remembering Srebrenica.
Mr Armitage said he is brought the motion before BCC to combat hate crime and to remember the genocide so that history does not repeat itself.
“Forget the ethnic origin, the religious outlook. These are people. Fathers, brothers, sons. Murdered,” he said.
Former Olympic gold medalist Eric Murray says he "respects the ruling" to remove him from parts of a beer campaign by an advertising watchdog.
But he insists the campaign was "truthful" and not misleading.
"All I can say is I respect the ruling for the code of heroes of the young," Murray told the Herald this morning.
"We were always just getting the message across of the nutritional information now available on beer in NZ, which is why the campaign is still on air as it's truthful and not misleading."
Advertisement
Murray was part of a campaign called Beer the Beautiful Truth that featured a number of New Zealand celebrities talking about the nutritional content in beer.
Alcohol Healthwatch laid the complaint with the Advertising Standards Authority expressing concern that Murray was a hero to young people and was effectively being used to encourage minors to drink alcohol.
He was removed from parts of the campaign after the ASA ruled he was "a hero of the young".
"I am still part of the campaign, just not during restricted age group times of targeted age group demographic on any internet based medium," Murray added.
Alcohol Healthwatch had raised concerns that by showing Murray consuming alcohol to celebrate the birth of his child, it implied the success of a social occasion was dependent on alcohol.
The ASA complaints board agreed that Murray was a hero of the young and the Brewers Association has subsequently taken steps to address the concerns.
"We accept the authority's ruling on this aspect of the complaint," the association said in a statement.
"We have already taken steps to ensure that any campaign material featuring Eric has been removed from unrestricted areas."
Alcohol Healthwatch executive director Dr Nicki Jackson said Murray featured prominently in the DB and Lion campaign while at the same time proactively engaging directly with young people through his work in New Zealand schools.
"Research shows that the more adolescents are exposed to alcohol advertising, the more likely they are to drink heavily.
"This flows on to a range of social and health problems, including a higher chance of dropping out of school and a higher risk of depression and suicide."
Jackson said this was just one example of many illustrating the failure of an alcohol industry self-regulation approach to advertising complaints.
"New Zealanders should not feel assured that the alcohol industry is protecting our young people from the harm of alcohol advertising," she said.
The Brewers Association shut down the complainants that said references to "nutrition" and being "99 per cent sugar-free" were misleading.
"Complainants had claimed that the campaign created the impression that beer was healthy and nutritious, an assertion which was not upheld by the authority," the association said.
The complaints board said the video advertisement of Murray talking about having "the best beer of his life" after attending the birth of his child did not imply alcohol was a key part of the success of the occasion
The board ruled, due to the use of Murray, a hero of the young,
in non-restricted advertising mediums for the promotion of alcohol products, the complaints be upheld, in part.
Whilst you probably spent your Sunday evening on the sofa watching Netflix, Italian performer Andrea Loreni had a more eventful night – walking across the river Tiber on a tightrope.
This wasn't just your run-of-the-mill circus performance. Andrea was suspended 20 metres above the river, and the distance between the famous banks was 135 metres.
(Gregorio Borgia/AP)
Andrea was also up against all kinds of obstacles to successfully make the walk. He's not the type to make things easy for himself, deciding to pull off the stunt at night on an electrically lit up wire.
The conditions were also pretty tricky. After his walk, Andrea said that the wind, drizzling rain and reflections on the water made the crossing difficult, and he even felt the urge to stop at one point.
(Gregorio Borgia/AP)
He said: “But, of course, you can't. You have to follow through to the end and use your senses to guide you, despite the fear.”
(Angelo Carconi/AP)
To complete the insane challenge, there's no doubt Andrea chose a pretty incredible background. He traversed from one bank of the Tiber to the other, with a full view of famous Roman sites like the Castel Sant-Angelo and St Peter's Basilica.
With views like that, it's no wonder he wanted to stop – but it's pretty lucky he resisted that urge. It's not the kind of tightrope you'd be happy falling off.
© Press Association 2017
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Romelu Lukaku reckons that Manchester United have enough within their ranks already to challenge neighbours Manchester City for the Premier League title next season.
Jose Mourinho is expected to be in the market to strengthen his midfield this summer with the retirement of Michael Carrick on the horizon.
Yet, after the signing of Alexis Sanchez to add to his attacking options in January, Lukaku doesn't think the Red Devils need to make any more acquisitions.
Instead they need to focus more on consistency.
“I don't know, you'd have to ask the manager,” Lukaku said.
“I'm really confident in my team-mates. I think we can do it with the team we have now, but we should have showed more consistency throughout the season.
“For us now it is up to us to be more consistent.
“The manager needs to see if he has to add more players but with the players we have now, I think we have enough. We just have to be more consistent.”
Juve in for pair
Serie A club Juventus are planning moves for Manchester United defender Matteo Darmian and Liverpool midfielder Emre Can this summer.
Darmian, a Louis Van Gaal signing, is expected to move on this summer having not found a regular supply of football under Jose Mourinho.
The ex-Torino full-back, it's being reported by the Daily Mail, could return to Italy with the champions.
Can, meanwhile, has a sizeable question mark over his own future at Anfield - his contract is up this summer and has been tipped to leave.
Manager Jurgen Klopp has revealed recently, though, that talks over a new deal to keep him on Merseyside are ongoing.
“What is the situation at the moment? Open. Nothing is decided,” he said at the end of last month.
“We are in talks with him and it is all good so far apart from he hasn't yet signed a contract for us.
“That is all, there is no problem with that.”
TWENTY-FIVE people died when the bus they were riding fell into a ravine in Barangay Capintalan, Caranglan, Nueva Ecija around 11 a.m. Tuesday.
Caranglan chief of police Robert de Guzman said that the Leomarick bus with plate number AVZ 757 was traveling from Isabela province to Candon town in Ilocos Sur province when the accident happened.
Witnesses told the police that they saw the bus speeding downhill before it plunged into the 100-meter ravine. Witnesses also said that the bus conductor was able to jump out of the bus before it fell but rescuers have yet to recover his body.
De Guzman said the bus shattered into pieces. Injured victims were brought to the Bambang Hospital in Nueva Vizcaya. Search and rescue operations are still ongoing. CIELO CANCEL
The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (Pagasa) launched on Monday a project that will automate the flood early warning system or EWS-3 project for disaster mitigation in Metro Manila.
The project, to be implemented with the assistance of the South Korean government, the early warning system will be scaled up for the Pasig-Marikina River Basin with the installation of additional rainfall and water level station, close-circuit television units (CCTV).
Warning posts for enhanced monitoring of the hydrological condition and for the whole basin of Pasig and Marikina will also be put up, according to Pagasa.
Warning posts will also be installed at the Tullahan river basin equipped with a 3-tone siren corresponding to different warning levels — alert, alarm and critical.
Warning levels for each forecasting point will be determined through a hydrographic survey that will be undertaken by Pagasa and the South Korean government.
Pagasa said the EWS-3 integrates all hydrological data, including images that will be provided by satellite, radars and CCTV units.
A station will be built for hydrologists, telecom engineers, technicians as well as representatives of local government units.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who lived in Grenfell Tower reportedly made a heartbreaking phone call from the fire which tore through the block of flats in the early hours of Wednesday.
65-year-old Tony Disson, a great grandfather, allegedly spoke to a friend in a phone call and said: "Tell my sons that I love them."
Mr Disson is reported to have last been in contact with his family at around 3am while he was inside the building.
Lee Disson, Tony's son, posted an appeal for information on Facebook and said he was "still praying for him".
The appeal read: "If anyone has seen my Dad, Tony Disson could they let us know.
"My heart goes out to all the people at Grenfell Tower."
He is reported to have lived on the 10th floor and Sky News said his wife Cordelia and three sons have been searching for him in hospitals.
Tony's oldest son Lee, 47, said he believed that one of his half-brothers had spoken to his father on the phone at around 3am, reports the Mirror.
Lee said: "People called my Dad and said, 'Put a blanket over your head and get out.'
"He said he couldn't as he was in the bathroom and the floor was too hot.
"A friend then called him at 4am and one of the last things he said was, 'Tell my sons that I love them'.
"Nobody was able to contact him after that."
Lee who is disabled heard of the tragedy at 6am when a cousin from Blackburn, Lancashire, called and told him to turn on the TV as his father's tower block was on fire.
After looking at the horrific images, he drove down to London with daughter Sky, 26, from his home in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.
Father-of-three Lee, who had not seen his father for several years, said: "I have found out that he did not make it, but I have not completely given up hope.
"I have left my details at the rugby club which is being used as an emergency centre and I have been asking around for him.
"My dad was well known down here and I have had loads of calls.
"He had been in the flat for about nine years. He lived alone and was quite happy there."
(Photo: Rick Findler/PA Wire)
Lee posted a Facebook message saying: "If anyone has seen my Dad, Tony Disson could they let us know.
"My heart goes out to all the people at grenfell tower."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In another message, he added: "Still praying for him."
Tony who was retired had worked at a variety of jobs including being a scrap metal dealer. He had son Lee from his first marriage and three sons Harry, 23, Alfie, 21, and Charlie, 19, with second wife Cordelia.
He also had five grandchildren and four great grandchildren with another due to be born soon.
Tony's first wife Anita Rawlinson who lives in Peterborough, said: "I think his flat was on the side of the block where the fire was."
Lee's wife Sandra, 47, said: "Tony had been moaning about the damp in his flat.
"The block was old and did not have balconies.
"I think they should have knocked it down as it was in such a state and re-housed everyone elsewhere.
"But it looks like they did a cosmetic job on it by tarting it up with cladding to make it look nicer."
According to a new report, “Global Human Machine Interface Market (2016-2022)”, published by KBV Research, the Global Human Machine Interface Market is expected to reach $9,750.5 million by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 18.2% during 2016 -2022.
The North America market dominated the Global Human Machine Interface Market in 2015, and would grow at a CAGR of 16.7% during the forecast period. Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at CAGR of 20.3% during 2016-2022.
The Hardware market contributed the larger revenue share to the Global Human Machine Interface Market in 2015, and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 15.7% during the forecast period. The Software market is expected attain a market size of $3,168.9 million by 2022.
The Automotive market would grow at a CAGR of 16.9% during the forecast period. The Oil & Gas market is expected to attain a market size of $1,657.6 million by 2022. However, Healthcare market is expected to grow at CAGR of 16.4% during 2016-2022.
The report highlights the adoption of Human Machine Interface market, globally.Based on the Type, the Human Machine Interface Market is segmented into Hardware, Software and Services segment. Based on the Product, the Hardware segment is bifurcated into Displays Terminals, Interface Software, Industrial PCs and Other Controllers sub-segments. According to the Application, the Wireless Audio Devices Market is segmented into Automotive, Healthcare, Food & Beverages, Oil & Gas, Packaging, Defense& Aerospace and Other segments. The geographies included in the report are North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and LAMEA (Latin America, Middle East and Africa).
Key Players profiled in the report include Advantech Co. Ltd., America Industrial Systems, Beijer Electronics, Eaton Corporation, Yokogawa Electric Corporation, Rockwell Automation, ABB Group, General Electric, Honeywell and Siemens.
Full report: https://kbvresearch.com/global-human-machine-interface-market/
Global Human Machine Interface Market, by Type
Hardware
Displays Terminals
Interface Software
Industrial PCs
Other Controllers
Software
Services
Global Human Machine Interface Market, by Product
Displays Terminals
Interface Software
Industrial PCs
Other Controllers
Global Human Machine Interface Market, by Application
Automotive
Healthcare
Food & Beverages
Oil & Gas
Packaging
Defense and Aerospace
Others
Global Human Machine Interface Market, by Geography
North America
U.S
Canada
Mexico
Rest of North America
Europe
Germany
UK
France
Russia
Spain
Italy
Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific
China
Japan
India
South Korea
Singapore
Malaysia
Rest of Asia Pacific
LAMEA
Brazil
Argentina
UAE
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Nigeria
Rest of LAMEA
Company Profiles
Advantech Co. Ltd.
America Industrial Systems
Beijer Electronics
Eaton Corporation
Yokogawa Electric Corporation
Rockwell Automation
ABB Group
General Electric
Honeywell and
Siemens
Related Reports-
Asia Pacific Human Machine Interface Market
Europe Human Machine Interface Market
North America Human Machine Interface Market
Lamea Human Machine Interface Market
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
People from all over the globe are investing into the cryptocurrency boom. They are mostly right, the BitCoin is flying out proportion and there is big money to earn from this phenomenon. Those people that are investing into the alternative currencies are basically investing into the future. Huge money are now being earned on the grand scale and there is no foreseeable end to the craze that has been tied to the bitcoin gold explorer. This means that it is safe to even buy more. Specialists are recommending to pay attention to the alternative coins as well.
There is no point in placing all of your money in the same source. Just imagine if the BitCoin fails one day then all of the investments are gone under but if for example on invested in other coins too then most of the investments are going to be safe. The bitcoin gold block explorer allows a person to do just that — to see what other options there are and to choose from them at this point in time. Smart people that have been involved with the btg explorer from the very beginning have made quite a fortune in the end.
They are now happy to say to have quadrupled all of their investments from the start of this year. One can imagine that this is quite an achievement from an investors point of view. The btg blockchain allows various readings into the way that the system works and also to track where the money came from and where it is going to. Nonetheless, it does not allow any kind of personal tracking. Being anonymous stays at the core of this deal and there isn't anyone that could have any influence on the matter at hand. Learn more about the bitcoin gold blockchain as to be able to secure a complete privacy both on the web and in the real world.
The bitcoingold web explorer has been built around these principles and there are quite a few structures that have been supporting this claim. Reading information on third party sources is usually the best way as to obtain independent information regarding what is being done on this market at this point in time. More info btg hashrate is incoming and there is a gold trove for the people that love acting in a smart way.
CACHE - City of Cache residents will be permitted to discharge fireworks on July 4 but only that day and under specific guidelines.
The ordinance to permit the fireworks discharge was approved by a 3-2 vote at Monday's City Council meeting. Mayor Shawn Komahcheet and council members Steve Red Elk and Flint Runyan voted in favor and council members Rosemary Cook and Joe Brady voted no.
Action was taken on the ordinance after it nearly died for a lack of a second on the motion made by Red Elk. It was finally seconded by Runyan and brought to a vote.
Local permit required
Under the new ordinance, residents living within the Cache city limits will be permitted to discharge fireworks from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m. on July 4 at their homes but only if they obtain a $15 fireworks discharge permit, which will be available at City Hall, 404 W. C, from 8:30 a.m. to noon and 1-5 p.m. weekdays from June 20 through July 3.
The set hours for permitted fireworks discharges on July 4 will depend on the day of the week the Independence Day holiday falls each year. For the Sunday through Thursday, the discharge hours will be 8 a.m. to 11 p.m.; for Saturday and Sunday they will be 8 a.m. to midnight.
Each permit will include a sign for residents to place in front of the home on July 4 to inform police and firefighters that their residences are permitted areas for discharge.
The ordinance also prohibits fireworks in all public areas, such as city streets and parks, along with businesses. Violating the ordinance is punishable by a fine of $149 and a prohibition from receiving a permit the next July 4.
Sales of fireworks at stands within the city limits will continue to be permitted.
City council members said results of the new ordinance will be reviewed following the upcoming July 4 for possible tweaks or revisions.
During the meeting and prior to the vote on the ordinance, many local residents spoke to council members about the issue during a citizens' participation session. Larry Beck spoke in opposition of permitting fireworks in the city limits.
"Last year, it was proven that fireworks can cover up the sound of gunfire," he said. "And a lot of people have to sleep and get up early the next morning and go to work. It would be fine to permit fireworks if it were just Cache residents, but it can also bring in people from other surrounding towns that could cause trouble."
Venius Matthys spoke against permitting fireworks without rules in place.
"I understand the idea of people wanting to shoot fireworks, but driving through town at 10 p.m. on July 4 last year I found fireworks being shot everywhere and the post office lot full of trash," she said. "I know it's a hard decision, but I just don't want fireworks going off late at night. The City Park can be a dangerous place due to overrun of fireworks shooting."
Matthys said she was not completely opposed to fireworks and would support their discharge but only with rules and regulations in place and enforced.
Komahcheet emphasized that the ordinance permitting discharge would not permit fireworks to be set off in City Park and other public areas such as streets only private residences.
Police Chief Donna Kimmel who was shot while on duty the night of July 4, 2016 praised resdients for speaking on both sides of the fireworks issue. She also asked citizens to ride with police officers on city streets during the holiday to see the possible dangers of fireworks, such as damaging fires and injuries.
"You will see a different side of the effects of permitting fireworks," she said. "Somebody could get hurt or killed."
Manny Vega, a former Cache City Council member, said he helped create the proposal to limit fireworks while he was still in office.
"This is July 4 and celebrate freedom that day," he said. "If you ban fireworks, you'll be sending our people out into the country to discharge them."
Chad Barfield, a resident diagnosed with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), aired his support for permitted fireworks despite the noise.
A Pegasus XL rocket — carrying a NASA solar observatory satellite — successfully deployed into space Thursday night from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
After launching under an aircraft from Vandenberg, the Pegasus — NASA's only winged launcher — and its IRIS payload were carried to about 39,000 feet before being dropped to begin the launch.
The Orbital Sciences Corporation Pegasus XL rocket separated from the L-1011 carrier aircraft shortly before 7:30 p.m., and made its way into Earth orbit.
The two-year IRIS mission, short for Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, will point a telescope at the interface region of the sun to improve understanding of how energy moves from the sun's surface to the million degree outer atmosphere called the corona, according to NASA.
After the launch, NASA Launch Manager Tim Dunn reported that the mission team had made initial contact with the IRIS spacecraft through the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System, and received good data in return.
The telescope was right on track and its solar arrays were deploying, Dunn said.
“We've got a very happy spacecraft on orbit and a thrilled launch team on the ground,” Dunn said.
The 30th Space Wing at Vandenberg provided range, safety and weather support for the operation.
The launch, which was originally scheduled for Wednesday, was postponed a day because of an issue with the base electrical power architecture.
— Noozhawk executive editor Tom Bolton can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Not all business owners need a dedicated office space. Some just need a laptop or mobile device and a quiet place to work. Now, a new startup in New York City is aiming to help those business owners, freelancers and other professionals find that last part.
Restaurant Coworking Spaces
Spacious isn't a regular coworking space. It doesn't have a set location where freelancers can rent offices or desks for each day or month. Instead, it partners with local restaurants that are largely vacant during the day (as in the case above with wine bar Corkbuzz at 13 E. 13th Street in New York City.)
Space is not an issue here! Our newest Union Square location Spacious @ Corkbuzz is now open ? pic.twitter.com/l3KzW5kX78 — Spacious (@spaciousnyc) March 29, 2017
Have a cocktail on us! Treating all of our members to free drinks tonight at 5-6PM @ Public. See you there ?? pic.twitter.com/9TSZggL2kr — Spacious (@spaciousnyc) March 23, 2017
Behind the scenes at Spacious @ Toro! Second Chelsea location coming soon pic.twitter.com/J0hvjC7Qgf — Spacious (@spaciousnyc) March 20, 2017
The arrangement is beneficial for both sides. The restaurants get some early business and potential happy hour customers. And the freelancers get a quiet, inexpensive place to work for the day without having to sign a long-term lease or agreement.
This is a great example of a business finding a unique solution to a growing trend. The growing trends of the mobile workforce and the freelance or gig economy show no signs of abating. And Spacious is also reportedly interested in starting similar programs in Boston and San Francisco. So this is a new business model for restaurant owners, entrepreneurs, cafe owners and others across the country to think about as a potential opportunity too.
WASHINGTON (AP) " Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave more than two hours of sometimes heated testimony Tuesday, with Democrats demanding details of matters including conversations with President Donald Trump, interactions with the Russian ambassador and the firing of FBI Director James Comey. The appearance before the Senate intelligence committee gave Sessions a chance to defend himself, but offered little new insight.
Some takeaways from Sessions' appearance before the committee:
COLLUSION
Sessions, a close Trump adviser during the battle for the presidency, said in his opening statement that it was a "detestable and appalling lie" to suggest he was aware of or participated in any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. He said he never met with, or had conversations with, Russians about election interference.
Advertisement
Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe in March after it was revealed he twice met with the Russian ambassador during the campaign but failed to say so when pressed by lawmakers at his confirmation hearing. Sessions reiterated Tuesday those meetings were in his capacity as a lawmaker and not about the campaign.
___
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR
Sessions was adamant he never had a third meeting with the Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. He did allow for the possibility the men could have had a brief interaction "in passing" at a well-attended reception at the Mayflower Hotel before an April 2016 foreign policy speech by then-candidate Trump. But Sessions said he had no recollection of that.
He's been hounded by speculation over the possibility of a third meeting, with Democratic senators calling for an investigation. But he angrily denounced such claims as "secret innuendo," a likely reference to media accounts of a closed-door briefing lawmakers had last week with Comey that suggested the FBI had been looking into whether another meeting had taken place.
___
RECUSAL
Sessions insisted he stepped aside from the Russia investigation because he was a principal adviser to the Trump campaign, not because he did something wrong or was a subject of the probe. Comey testified publicly last week the FBI was aware of reasons it would be problematic for Sessions to remain involved in the probe before he recused himself.
Sessions was sworn in Feb. 9 but did not actually step away from the investigation until March 2, the day after The Washington Post reported on his two previously undisclosed Kislyak meetings. But he said Tuesday he anticipated the conflict of interest and effectively recused himself on his first day on the job, and was never briefed on the Russia investigation.
He disputed that his involvement in Comey's firing violated the recusal. He said he and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had long discussed their concerns with Comey's job performance. Namely, they were upset with his very public handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe, which Sessions said was a "usurpation" of Justice Department authority.
Sessions said it would be "absurd" to suggest that a recusal from a single investigation would render him unable to manage the leadership of the FBI.
___
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE
Sessions repeatedly refused to discuss private conversations with Trump on a wide variety of topics. He did not say he was using executive privilege, but rather adhering to longstanding tradition of Justice Department leaders not revealing private conversations with the president. That position was similar to the one taken at a separate hearing last week by the country's intelligence chiefs.
His refusals to comment, including about conversations with Trump on Comey's firing, repeatedly irked Democrats. But time and again, Sessions returned to lines such as "I am not able to discuss with you or confirm or deny the nature of private conversations that I may have had with the president on this subject or others."
The Justice Department subsequently released decades-old memos from its Office of Legal Counsel that it said supported Sessions' position.
___
COMEY
Sessions contradicted Comey, who last week told the intelligence committee that after an encounter with Trump in which he said Trump pressured him to back off an investigation into the former national security adviser, Comey "implored" Sessions to make sure he was never left alone with the president again " but that Sessions didn't respond.
"He didn't recall this, but I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policy regarding appropriate contacts with the White House," Sessions told the panel.
He also said Comey should have shared his concerns about the Trump conversation with another Justice Department official, Dana Boente, who was then acting deputy attorney general, and would have been Comey's direct supervisor.
If Comey had information that Sessions would need to recuse himself, he said, that would have been "double reason" to talk to Boente.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A Fort Lauderdale man who police say shot a fleeing burglar in the back is now facing manslaughter charges.
Police said James Tenney, 35, found two teenage boys trying to break into his SUV just before 5 a.m. Dec. 12 in the 600 block of Southwest Sixth Street.
The teens told police that they saw that Tenney was armed and fled, dropping the stolen property on the road.
Police said Tenney fired two shots from his front door, then pursued the teens to the street and fired two more shots. He chased them to the intersection of Southwest Sixth Street and Southwest Sixth Avenue and fired another two shots, police said.
Police said Tenney about 180 feet from his home when he fired the final two shots.
One of the teens -- a 16-year-old boy -- was wounded in the back. Police said it was not clear exactly where the teen was hit.
The teenagers later admitted to police that they're stealing from cars in the area when they approached Tenney's SUV.
James told police he fired his weapon because was in fear for his life. He told police that the teens charged at him in an aggressive manner when he opened his front door. James declined to give any additional statements to police.
Tenney was arrested Thursday and appeared in bond court Friday.
At the hearing, Tenney's lawyer said his client was cooperative with police. He was released Saturday on $15,000 bond and is not allowed to have firearms as condition of his release.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Toni Hamill knew something was wrong with her - it just took two years for the doctors to find it.
So when the colonoscopy she'd been asking for showed a tumour, it was almost a case of "knew it".
"I was gobsmacked. I knew it, I had been right all this time..."
The Rotorua mum was diagnosed with bowel cancer almost a year ago and has just finished chemotherapy.
She's speaking out as part of the #LoveYerGuts campaign which aims to bring awareness to gastro-intestinal cancers.
Each year more than 5000 gastro-intestinal cancers are diagnosed - and half of those diagnosed will die within five years.
Ms Hamill said when she was finally diagnosed her first fears were that it had spread to other parts of her body because she'd had the symptoms like abdominal pain and blood in her stools for so long beforehand.
She'd only just given birth to her second daughter, Tegan, two months before her diagnosis.
"It was really tough to know this little baby might not know me."
It was in October or November 2014 that Ms Hamill first became aware of blood in her stools but a faecal examination didn't give any answers.
The following February she was referred to a specialist who did a sigmoidoscopy to look in her colon but that only looked at 30cm - her tumour was 40cm up.
Continued below.
Related Content Trapped: 170,000 kiwi killers in four years More slips close part of Paradise Valley Rd Pedestrian from China critical after Fenton St incident
Ms Hamill said she was given numerous diagnosis - from fissures to haemorrhoids. When she was finally referred for a colonoscopy she was pregnant so had to postpone it until after Tegan was born.
It was during the colonoscopy the tumour was discovered.
"I remember thinking I've just been told I've got cancer and I've got a 9-week-old."
She said she was told her age and pregnancy could have sped up the cancer and faced an anxious wait for a scan to see whether it had spread.
The cancer had spread to some of her lymph nodes and she had those, and a section of her bowel, removed in surgery followed by 12 months of chemotherapy.
Her message to others is to make sure they listen to their body and push for tests if they think something is wrong.
"The big key is dig deep. Don't just go for what [the doctors] say."
"I was convinced I had cancer but could only go with what the doctors said."
She said thankfully her cancer wasn't a fast growing cancer. She has now finished treatment, but will undergo regular monitoring and scans to make sure it doesn't return.
"My bitterness [with the delay] is there but at the same time I'm grateful I've got my life.
"My girls deserve me to be in their life."
Ms Hamill said she was lucky she did not have many side effects from the chemotherapy and was generally able to go about her day-to-day life while going through the treatment.
"The support I've had has been amazing. People have come back into my life. A lot of positive things have happened."
She said it was fantastic more people were becoming aware of colorectal cancers.
Ms Hamill said she was happy to talk about her experience in the hope others would know more about bowel cancer and how it could affect younger people.
The #LoveYerGuts Challenge 2017
- Train and commit to do at least 50 gut crunches in five minutes before 5pm on Friday May 5.
- For more information, and to sign up go to www.loveyerguts.co.nz.
- Aimed at raising awareness around gastro-intestinal cancers, collectively the most common form of cancer in New Zealand.
- Funds raised by the #LoveYerGuts Challenge 2017 50 crunches in 5 minutes will help clinical trials and research to increase the chance of survival for those diagnosed with GI (gut) cancer(s).
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:28 Atascadero's Elijah Cooks turns Lompoc game into dunk contest
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:30 How Cambria's colorful, often kooky, scarecrows are made
2:33 Iconic Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher dies at age 60
A negative review from Consumer Reports can be damning for a product. The non-profit has long been a reliable source when trying to determine the value of goods. Millions of people give the opinions of Consumer Reports high regard when making purchasing decisions.
Ever since the watchdog group recently withdrew its recommendation for the Surface line of tablets and laptops due to poor reliability, Microsoft has been in damage control mode. The tech giant insisted in an email to CR that it believes the data they used was not accurate. It claims that the real-world return rates for the devices are considerably different from the ones that Consumer Reports published.
Tech blogger Paul Thurrott allegedly uncovered an internal company memo written by Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Devices Panos Panay. In it, Panay vowed that the company would work with Consumer Reports to learn from its data, improve customer satisfaction, and get them to “reverse their findings.”
“Feedback like this stings, but pushes us to obsess more about our customers,” said the Surface VP.
The memo admits that there were significant problems with the release of the Surface Book and others in the line and that the return rates early on were quite high (above 10 percent). However, a graph included in the document showed that return rates have been declining on the entire Surface family since the company began addressing the issues. Currently, only about one to five percent of the devices are returned.
Panay suggested that Consumer Reports survey sample may have a disproportionate number of early Surface users who are still angry over their purchases. He also put forward that perhaps CR's definition of “failure” was too broad and included things like the occasional “frozen screen or unresponsive touch [pad]” as failures. Microsoft considers these things “minor incidents that are easily rectified by the user.”
Thurrott points out that when Surface returns were at a high, Microsoft blamed Intel for the problems. It claimed that the Skylake chipsets were causing the failures. As a result, Microsoft switched to ARM processors. However, one of Thurrott's sources told him that the blaming of Intel was just a cover story for the fact that Windows developers had botched drivers and settings that were custom-made for Surface devices.
Now, two years later, the company is facing the consequences of a stinging Consumer Reports rating. All the company can do is try to convince the advocacy organization to change its mind. It would not be the first time CR has reevaluated a product and changed its recommendation.
Late last year Apple failed to get a Consumer Reports recommendation for the new MacBook Pros thanks to inconsistent and shortened battery life. Apple investigated the problem and discovered that a bug in Safari was causing the battery life issue. Developers fixed the problem, and Consumer Reports agreed to re-test the MacBook Pro. After a second look, CR did indeed change its mind and gave the laptops its recommendation.
Microsoft has an opportunity to redeem the reputation of the Surface line, but just telling Consumer Reports that it is wrong is not likely to get them to reconsider. Redmond will have to prove that it has rectified the problems with its products before the consumer group is likely to revisit its recommendation.
Share This: Resistance Is Futile Returns This Week With A Meditation On Mutiny (And Tribbles) Space
Sundays 8e 5p
Longtime Star Trek fans were excited to spot what appeared to be one of the cuddly, furry, exponentially multiplying aliens known as Tribbles on the desk of the Discovery's enigmatic Captain Lorca in this week's episode. People who've never watched Star Trek before, however, were like ‘Wtf is a Tribble?' And that's precisely the situation we have between our Discovering Trek video podcast hosts, Trek mega-fan Mark and Federation neophyte April.
In this week's installment, Mark explains the significance of the so-called space hamsters (Klingons hate them) and fills April in on who Amanda is (Spock's mother and Sarek's human wife, who'll be played by Toronto's own Mia Kirshner in the new series). He also bravely attempts to go where no video podcast host has gone before: headlong into an explanation of how teleportation works.
Check out the video below and tune in next week for our third episode—which Mark and April have promised to do entirely in Klingon, right guys?
I MONITORED the live television proceedings of the hearing on Wednesday of the Senate committee on public information and mass media chaired by Sen. Grace Poe. The subject was fake news and social media bloggers and mainstream media representatives served as resource persons. It was sort of hilarious, annoying, and revealing at the same time.
Advertisements
Bloggers' point of view
Most of the so-called social media bloggers belong to the younger generation. Their demeanor and manner of speaking were so much different from that of seasoned journalists.
Rey Joseph Nieto, the Thinking Pinoy blogger, seems to be a straight talker and would bow to no one. His postings are fearless and, as he described himself during a brief tussle with Sen. Antonio Trillanes 4th, carefree. There was even a point where he almost taunted Trillanes to file a libel case against him, if the former finds something wrong with his postings. But this was interrupted and he was not able to deliver his full message.
These media bloggers invoked their constitutionally protected rights—the right to free speech and freedom of expression— several times. They must be referring to Section 4, Article III of the Constitution, which states,
“No law shall be passed abridging the freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and petition the government for redress of grievances.”
Can these social media bloggers say anything without incurring any legal liability?
The mainstream media
Also present at the hearing were the big broadcast networks—ABS-CBN, GMA, and TV5. Other noted personalities in journalism were there like Vera Files president Ellen Tordesillas.
The representative of ABS-CBN claimed that the term “fake news” is a misnomer. She said that news is “news” and that “fake news” should instead be labeled as “misinformation”.
Roby Alampay, the editor-in-chief of Interaksyon, was a revelation. It was refreshing to hear someone from the mainstream media who talks with sense and intelligence.
Alampay said that we have enough laws in the Philippines to protect us from irresponsible journalism and false news reporting. According to him, we do not need another law for fake news. He emphasized that what the press world needs is to “find a way to institutionalize information literacy.”
I totally agree with Alampay. If you feel aggrieved by a news article, or even a social media posting, then you can file a case of libel against the author of the article – whether the article is in print, in air broadcast, or social media posting. These supposed purveyors of false news can be prosecuted for violations of the Revised Penal Code and the Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012, among others.
Seeming friction within PCOO
The Presidential Communications Operations Office (PCOO) was there in full force, but with the notable absence of its chief, Secretary Martin Andanar. Among those present were PCOO undersecretary Joel Sy Egco, assistant secretaries Mocha Uson and Ana Maria Paz Banaag, among others.
Sen. Risa Hontiveros averred that Andanar had declared that bloggers should adhere and follow the journalist's Code of Ethics.
Banaag said that was Andanar's mere opinion and that it was not the policy of the PCOO, especially their social media group. She added that there was no written memorandum or order from Andanar requiring them to comply with the journalist's Code of Ethics.
When asked about the specific functions of Uson, Egco replied that he is not the employer of Uson and he did not define the job functions of the latter. Someone mentioned that they were directly appointed by the President.
I could sense signs of friction from these statements. If PCOO personnel cannot work as a team, how can it fulfill its mandate to “serve as the premier arm of the Executive Branch in engaging and involving the citizenry and the mass media”?
Public vs personal
It was disclosed in the course of the hearing that Nieto was hired as the head of strategic communications of the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFA). This directly places him in the payroll of Filipino taxpayers. Similarly, Uson maintains her personal blog despite being appointed as Assistant Secretary for Social Media at PCOO.
The major question now is whether or not they can continue blogging in their personal capacities. Sen. Nancy Binay dared Uson to choose between being a private blogger or being an assistant secretary. Binay cited the governing law, RA 6713.
Binay is right. Section 4 of the Code of Conduct and Ethical Standards for Public Officials and Employees requires public servants to “always uphold the public interest over and above personal interest” and that they “shall endeavor to discourage wrong perceptions of their roles as dispensers or peddlers of undue patronage.”
Obviously, personal blogging is tantamount to being a dispenser or peddler of undue patronage, regardless of political affiliation. Alampay is correct in saying that maintaining a personal blog, while being a government official or employee, “is untenable”. He affirmed that it would be hard for the public to distinguish which is a personal opinion and which is a government policy.
Role of social media influencers
Nieto openly admitted that social media bloggers are employed by both the private and public sector as “social media influencers”.
One influencer marketing firm defined a “social media influencer” as a user on social media who has established credibility in a specific industry. A social media influencer has access to a large audience and can persuade others by virtue of their authenticity and reach. An influencer can reach a target audience or population via their blogs and social networks that their paying principals may not be able to.
Influencers should always have a niche, an area where they are experts. Their presence may cover more than one social media channel. Most importantly, the contents of the channel should always provide a value in it. There is no place for fake news here.
Does the government need influencers on its payroll? My answer is an emphatic “no”. The best influencer for a competent government are not its popular bloggers, but its own set of accomplishments and achievements.
Going back to my first question—Can these social media bloggers say just anything, without incurring any legal liability?
The young generation have a mistaken concept of freedom of expression and speech. Yes, freedom of expression and the right to free speech are among the most zealously guarded in our Constitution. But, these are not absolute.
In the exercise of these rights, it required that everyone act with justice, give everyone his due, and observe honesty and good faith.
allinsight.manilatimes@gmail.com
www.facebook.com/All.Insight.Manila.Times
Michael Shepard received five years in prison for each of the two counts of statutory rape by an authority figure – to be served consecutively – for a total of 10 years in prison.
Kane handed down the sentence Monday evening after more than five hours of testimony that included the father of the then-16-year-old student and player, who was also the victim in the case. The victim's father spoke on behalf of the family.
Julie Raines with probation and parole also testified on behalf of the prosecution when she read the presentence investigation report.
Testimony also came from a psychosexual expert called by Shepard's attorney. It was the same psychosexual court evaluation that pushed Shepard's sentencing hearing to Monday from when it was originally scheduled in January.
A psychosexual court evaluation focuses on an individual's sexual development, sexual history, paraphilic interests, sexual adjustment and recidivism risk level. The evaluation includes a full social and family history, employment and school history, case formulation and specific treatment recommendations. The evaluation is meant to assist judges and other interested parties with making well-informed disposition determinations.
The mother of a former softball player, one of Shepard's former students, a former employer not affiliated with the school and Shepard's sister testified on his behalf.
A jury found Shepard guilty in November of two counts of statutory rape by an authority figure.
Shepard, who was 36 at the time of the two incidents, had sex with a then-16-year-old Wilson Central High School student. Shepard was the softball coach at the school, and the victim was one of the players.
Shepard and the victim had sex two times at a boat ramp off State Route 109, the victim testified during trial. He did not force her, and she did not protest, said Assistant District Attorney Tom Swink, which meant he did not “rape” her.
However, state law defines statutory rape by an authority figure as sexual intercourse of a child between 13-17 years old by someone more than four years older than the victim. Since she was 16 and Shepard was 20 years older, that fact fit into the law, Swink said.
After the guilty verdict, Swink said, “justice was done for this victim, for this family.”
“I feel that the sentence is fair and that justice is served with this sentence,” Swink said.
Shepard was placed on the sex offender registry as a violent offender.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale fans, brace yourselves: we have some very bad news for you.
Aaron Dingle actor Danny Miller is leaving the ITV soap.
Thankfully, though, it won't be for too long, as Mirror Online reports.
It has been confirmed the mechanic will be sentenced to 12 months behind bars for attacking Finn Barton's ex-boyfriend Kasim Sabet.
But what does this mean for his relationship with Robert Sugden, played by Ryan Hawley?
Poor Robert has been pulling out all the stops to give Aaron his perfect surprise wedding at The Woolpack, surrounded by all their family and friends.
But sadly, the big day is going to be ruined when the police turn up to arrest Aaron.
Speaking to Inside Soap, Danny admitted that the interruption could stop the couple becoming husband and husband.
"If Aaron goes to jail without marrying Robert first, it'll make his sentence ten times worse," he said.
"Aaron totally didn't see this wedding coming. He honestly thought Robert proposed as a way of shutting him up after they'd argued about Rebecca [White]. So when he goes and organises everything behind Aaron's back, it comes as a big shock.
"But if the police arriving means that the marriage can't go ahead before he gets sent to prison, Aaron will be left feeling like he and Robert have got unfinished business."
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Hayden Wright
Award season is upon us and this morning (Dec. 10), the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA) announced nominees for the 75th annual Golden Globe Awards. A handful of music stars earned nominations for the event, which will honor 2017's best in film and television.
Related: Snoop Dogg, Carrie Underwood, Mary J. Blige, Ice-T, Others to Receive Star on Hollywood Walk of Fame
Mary J. Blige scored twin nods for the Netflix release Mudbound. In addition to a Best Song nomination for “Mighty River,” the hip-hop/soul legend earned a nod for Best Supporting Actress. The singer's breakout performance in the film may lead to an Oscar nomination in the New Year.
Mariah Carey joins Blige in the Best Song category for “The Star,” her contribution to the soundtrack from the film of the same name. “This Is Me” from The Greatest Showman, “Remember Me” from Coco and “Home” from Ferdinand round out the category. “Home” was performed by Nick Jonas.
Radiohead's Jonny Greenwood earned a nomination for Best Original Score, for Phantom Thread composition.
Director Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of the Water led this year's Globe nominations with seven. Steven Spielberg's Watergate drama The Post earned six, along with Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri.
ELLSWORTH — A Sullivan man was charged with elevated aggravated assault after he allegedly assaulted a man at a Sullivan residence Feb. 8, the Hancock County Sheriff's Office reported.
Randolph Garland, 52, also was charged with criminal threatening with a dangerous weapon in the incident and probation violation.
Garland was still incarcerated Tuesday.
Accidents
Two motorists hit trees less than 30 minutes apart after sliding through the intersection of Caterpillar Hill Road and Byards Point Road in Sedgwick during a Feb. 9 snowfall.
The first motorist, Lillian Felsenthal, 24, of Stonington, was driving a 2006 Toyota Highlander, which sustained damage to its passenger side front end, Deputy Franklin Jennings said.
“Due to the hazardous road and weather conditions and the likelihood of being hit by another vehicle at that location, she drove the vehicle to a garage in Stonington,” Jennings said.
Not half an hour later, another SUV slid through the same intersection and struck a tree, according to Jennings. There was no word on whether it was the same tree the Highlander struck.
Dakota Brown, 21, of Stonington was driving a 2010 Nissan, which sustained driver's side front end damage, Jennings said.
A car struck an International 4400 truck as the truck slowed to turn left into a driveway on Morgan Bay Road on Friday, Deputy Brian Archer reported. The car's operator didn't see the truck's turn signal and tried to pass the truck, Archer said.
Alicia Allen, 20, of Blue Hill was driving a 2016 Chevrolet Trax, which struck a 2007 International 4400 being operated by Robert Bergevin, 54, of Surry, police said.
Snow complaint
A Deer Isle woman called police to report that her neighbor had blocked her driveway while snowplowing Feb. 9. Jennings said the matter was resolved.
Theft
A Lamoine man reported that someone had stolen his iPad.
Citizen assist
Deputies took calls from both a Dedham landlord and a tenant she was evicting for help with a dispute Saturday. Deputy Jeff McFarland told both that the issue is civil and would have to be settled through the civil process.
The Maine Department of Health and Human Services asked police to check the well-being of a Stonington man, 71, on Feb. 9. The man was fine.
McFarland conducted a well-being check on a Little Deer Isle woman Sunday at the request of her brother, who lives in Deer Isle. The woman was fine.
McFarland also checked on a Surry woman Sunday at the behest of a Blue Hill woman. The Surry woman also was OK.
Finally, a Blue Hill woman called police Monday night concerned about the well-being of a Sedgwick woman. She, too, was OK, McFarland said.
Domestic dispute
An Orland woman called police Saturday to report a domestic dispute with her husband.
McFarland and Chief Deputy Pat Kane met with the couple and determined no crime had been committed. The couple were warned about their behaviors.
Summons
Deputy Travis Frost summoned Terence Odell, 27, of Stonington on a charge of operating as a habitual offender on Feb. 8 in Stonington.
Bohemian the cat was found wandering the busy streets of Toronto and was brought to us as a stray. Unfortunately, we do not know anything about his background. What we do know, is that he is a very sweet, talkative boy who will have lots of stories to tell you. That will definitely describe Bohemian. His ideal forever home will be sharing your space, having the last word, or meow in this case, and give you lots of love. If you are looking for a chatty boy, look no further. Bohemian is waiting to meet you. Bohemian is diabetic cat and receives insulin injections every twelve hours, which makes it a challenge to find him a home. Our medical staff will train and support you with everything he needs in the beginning, up to four weeks if needed.
Age: 5 years 5 months
Sex: Male
Size: Medium
Colour: Grey/White
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
In order to ensure a smooth and successful adoption, please remember to check all the basic requirements for adopting before coming in to the shelter.
About this column:
Each week we feature animals available for adoption from local shelters in the Toronto area with the hopes that our readers will assist in finding good homes for them. If you, or someone you know, has the resources to take care for one of these animals, please do get in touch with the appropriate shelter via the links provided.
Lagos, Nigeria's high density commercial and industrial capital, is back to wearing a garb of filth as heaps of refuse have taken over the metropolis. Not quite long after medical experts had, in reaction to the development warned of a possible outbreak of epidemic as a consequence, there have been reports of deaths arising from Lassa fever infection in the state, with a lot of people under surveillance due to exposure to the disease.
Rodents, vectors of the Lassa disease, breed rapidly in refuse-infested and polluted environments. The resurgence of refuse on Lagos streets has been attributed to the current face-off between the Lagos State Government, LASG, and Private Sector Participation, PSP, refuse collectors over introduction of the Cleaner Lagos Initiative, CLI, a new waste disposal policy.
Aggrieved that the state government did not carry them along, the waste collectors under the aegis of the Association of Waste Managers of Nigeria, AWMN, had filed a suit against the government which is still pending in court.
To give legal backing to the CLI, the state government had initiated an executive bill which has since been passed into law by the State House of Assembly. To drive the CLI, government had engaged Visionscape Sanitation Solutions Ltd, an environmental utility group, to take over waste management in the state under a Public Private Partnership PPP, arrangement. This foreign firm is expected to apply advanced technology in waste management in the state.
Government's argument is that this arrangement was in the overall interest of the state. But the PSP waste managers sharply disagree. According to them: ‘'The Cleaner Lagos Initiative is discriminatory; it gives preference to a foreign company by displacing 350 local businesses. The plan is to restrict the PSP to commercial waste collection which only accounts for 20% of our current activity. How many businesses can survive when it loses 80% of its business activity?”
Unfortunately, while this acrimonious drama plays out, heaps of refuse continue to pile up in different parts of Lagos, constituting an eyesore and a serious health risk. Apart from that, many Lagosians have resorted to dumping their wastes into drainage channels, resulting in blockage and worsening the flooding that ravages parts of the state after rainfall.
We urge the Lagos State government to pro-actively engage all stakeholders, including the PSP operators, for an amicable resolution of this impasse and by so doing pave the way to rid Lagos of wastes.
A way can be found to accommodate the indigenous waste collectors and prevent a situation where a large number of them will be unnecessarily thrown out of business and worsen unemployment. That is what inclusive governance is about.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stand aside Nutella, there's a new hazelnut chocolate spread in town.
We can't get enough of these beautiful jars of Lindt hazelnut chocolate that have gone on sale in British stores.
They have been previously available in European countries for a while but now the company has expanded their stock to Britain too, reports the Mirror.
According to Lindt, "the use of real Lindt chocolate combined with hazelnut enables you to create a delightful dessert or snack with a full and intense flavor.
(Image: Lindt)
The preparation method that has been fine-tuned by the Lindt MaÎtres Chocolatiers to give rise a perfectly smooth mixture which retains the full chocolate aroma."
The glorious spread was originally spotted by Instagram account ProductsInStore, who shared a photo of the jar at a Lindt shop in Liverpool, where the heavenly jars are available.
If you don't fancy trekking that far across the country, you can also get the stuff online on the brand's website, for £5.99 a pop, although they are currently out of stock.
For those willing to fork out a fortune for the taste, we also spotted them on Amazon, although they're listed for the outrageous amount of £19.80.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
A British sniper has killed a senior Isis fighter with a "one in a million" night-time shot from nearly a mile away, it has been claimed.
The unnamed SAS marksman is said to have killed the terrorist with a "headshot" close to the Syrian border having been given a window of just 15 seconds.
He is understood to be a sergeant with the SAS G-Squadron and a veteran of operations in both Iraq and Afghanistan, where he is said to have recorded as many as 100 kills, the Daily Mail reports.
According to the Daily Star Sunday, he is believed to have used a US-made McMillan TAC-50 sniper rifle as he targeted the fanatic from more than 1,500m away as he arrived at a safe house in a village.
Advertisement
The trooper is reportedly part of a counterterrorism drive in Iraq and Syria, which has been operating since the beginning of the year.
A source told the newspaper that the village in question was under Isis control making a more preferable "capture mission" impossible. The exact location has not been revealed.
"The SAS team had hoped that the Isis commander would arrive during the day because a night shot was regarded as too dangerous," the source said.
"But as evening approached the team realised that they were going to have to either abort or go for a night shot. The sniper said he wanted to take the shot and was given a 'go order'."
The sniper had 15 seconds to take his shot as the extremist pulled up in a car. The source said the extremist was killed instantly after being shot in the back of the head.
The Ministry of Defence declined to comment when contacted by MailOnline this morning.
CHICAGO (AP) — Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients, a study suggests.
The small, preliminary study isn't proof the drug works and it found only a small benefit: Treated children with the disease progeria were more likely than others to survive during the two-year study. But some kids taking the drug in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. Researchers and others say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition that typically kills kids before they reach adulthood.
"Anything we can do to try to provide them hope of a longer life is well worth doing and well worth celebrating," said Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, who was not part of the new study. A geneticist, Collins led laboratory experiments that in 2003 identified the genetic basis for the disease, formally known as Hutchinson-Gilford progeria.
Among 27 children with progeria who got the drug lonafarnib, one died during the 2007-2010 study. That's compared with nine of 27 untreated children with the disease. Thirteen of the treated children are still alive; most began taking other experimental drugs too.
Advertisement
"For the first time ever we have a drug that is shown to extend lifespan for children with progeria," said lead author Dr. Leslie Gordon of Brown University. Her son was a study participant and died in 2014 at age 17.
The results were published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
The study, conducted at Boston Children's Hospital, was unusually designed, comparing children given the drug with other progeria patients worldwide who weren't enrolled in the study. The untreated kids were matched as closely as possible with study participants by age, gender and other characteristics, but they weren't a standard control group and didn't receive dummy medication.
That design weakens the study conclusions, said Dr. Howard Worman, a Columbia University biologist. "You really cannot say anything 'worked' without a contemporary placebo control."
The children in the study were also involved in earlier research testing the same drug combined with two others. Within a period of about five years, survival was extended by about 19 months. It wasn't clear if all three drugs or just one or two of them contributed to the improvement. Lonafarnib also appeared to reduce blood vessel damage.
Average life expectancy for progeria children is about 14 years. Though many die younger, usually from heart attacks or strokes, some lonafarnib-treated kids have lived to their late teens.
For parents, who want to see their children grow up, that sliver of extra time is a bittersweet blessing.
"If you're a mom and you're told that life expectancy is 13 years, that 1.6 years is gold," said Heather Unsinger. Her 7-year-old daughter, Carly, was a study participant and has been taking lonafarnib since age 3. "But it's really hard to jump up and down."
Affected children are typically small, bald and fragile-looking but intellectually normal. Carly "has full-throttle dreams" and envisions becoming an art teacher one day, her mom said.
Other kids "always think I'm a baby," Carly said. But "I'm a regular kid."
Progeria is caused by a mutation in a gene that regulates production of a protein that helps shape and support the nucleus of cells throughout the body. In normal aging, the protein accumulates in cells but in children with progeria, an abnormal buildup occurs that severely damages cells. Lonafarnib helps block that abnormal buildup.
The disease affects about 1 in 20 million people. It is a chance mutation and isn't inherited. Affected children are born looking healthy, but fail to grow normally, lose body fat and hair and develop aged-looking skin, stiff joints and diseased arteries.
Lonafarnib was initially developed as a potential cancer treatment but without much success. Schering Plough/Merck supplied the study drug; the research was paid for by the Progeria Research Foundation.
Gordon, the lead author, and her husband, Dr. Scott Berns, started the foundation in 1999 after their son, Sam, was diagnosed. She is continuing to study lonafarnib and other drugs in kids with progeria.
University of Washington geneticist Dr. Fuki Hisama predicted that lonafarnib will eventually become standard treatment for progeria, though not a cure.
The study "gives other people the message that there is hope for rare diseases," said Hisama, who wrote an accompanying journal editorial.
___
Follow AP Medical Writer Lindsey Tanner on Twitter at @LindseyTanner. Her work can be found here .
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
With Australian rugby's dirty laundry continuing to be flung out of the hamper on a daily basis, a new picture is forming about where blame lies for making this catastrophic mess.
For the last 18 months or so the players - Super Rugby through to the Wallabies - have, certainly in New Zealand, been seen to be the single biggest problem blighting the game across the Tasman.
Performance and results have been interpreted as irrefutable proof that the problems start and finish with the lack of quality being put on the field each week.
But what's emerging now is that the players are not necessarily the cause of Australian's demise but a symptom. They sit above the line, visible, easy to judge and easy to blame.
Advertisement
Yet it seems they can fairly argue that they are victims of a governance and administrative regime that has simply blundered from one poorly considered plan to the next.
The damage to Australian rugby, which is extensive, has been caused in the boardroom rather than the changing room.
How much money has been lost is staggering. The Rebels have cost the Australian Rugby Union $17.5 million since they were formed in 2011. The Western Force have cost $5.5 million and in the last three years, the ARU has a lost a combined $12.7 million.
At some stage in the last six years the national body has had to bail out four of its five Super Rugby teams, with the Waratahs having not needed a cash injection since taking one a decade ago.
It's hard to believe that there has been genuine adherence to a fiscally responsible growth strategy. The ARU have appeared to simply want more teams and continue to invest in them despite not having the resources to do so or any resounding business rationale.
Spend for today and ignore tomorrow. But tomorrow has arrived and some serious questions are looming about how the ARU managed to create such an unholy mess.
Or at least these questions should be coming because the somewhat uncomfortable truth in all this is that World Rugby and Sanzaar have been eager and ready to interfere in the governance of Pacific Island nations' rugby unions and freely air their concerns about the lack of expertise they have seen.
When a black hole appeared in the accounts of the Samoan Rugby Union a couple of years back, World Rugby had the auditors in quick smart, poking around. That led to changes in personnel within the Samoan Rugby Union and a definite sense that World Rugby was keen to have a direct presence there to keep an eye on things.
Talk about lack of trust and it is this which essentially remains the biggest barrier to a team from the Islands being granted Super Rugby inclusion.
Sanzaar has no concerns about the playing base, but the governance and administration has been flagged as an area that needs to be improved: an area where trust has to be gained.
And yet, funnily enough, the far more considerable problem for Sanzaar is clearly the governance and fiscal management of the heavily corporate ARU. But does anyone want to acknowledge that openly?
Does anyone within Sanzaar want to stand up and express concern that a group of well educated chaps, who have all held super important city jobs in the past have brought not just Australian rugby, but Super Rugby, to the brink of collapse?
Unlikely. Rugby, for all its claims that it is trying to embrace diversity, still finds itself held captive to a secret network mentality.
It remains much easier for those who sit around Super Rugby boardroom tables to protect themselves at all costs and divert blame elsewhere.
So here we sit with Australian rugby in ruins and arguments made that the sporting market is a tough one at the moment and everyone is feeling the squeeze, while in the same breath diminishing the prospects of a Super Rugby team being taken to Pasifika by casting aspersions on the ability of the Island unions to manage their own financial affairs.
What is all this about?
Garda Sgt Maurice McCabe made a number of allegations of garda malpractice, including but not limited to, the cancelling of penalty points. Many, though not all, of his accusations were found to be well-grounded in an investigation by Judge Kevin O'Higgins in a report published last year, which found significant failures by the Garda.
Sgt McCabe believes he was the subject of an organised campaign to discredit him by senior gardaí as a result of the whistleblowing claims that he made.
Last year, David Taylor, a senior officer who was previously head of the Garda Press Office, made a “protected disclosure” under whistleblower protection laws, which supported and illustrated Sgt McCabe's claims. He says he was directed and encouraged by his superiors - including the Garda Commissioner Noirín O'Sullivan - to blacken McCabe's name. Ms O'Sullivan firmly rejects his allegation.
The Garda Commissioner is facing a public inquiry into potentially criminal activity that she was either actively involved in or at least aware of. Photograph: Brenda Fitzsimons
What has this got to do with the Government?
David Taylor's protected disclosure was made to the Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald last year. She immediately passed it to a retired judge, Iarfhlaith O'Neill, asking him to make a report to her on whether the claims needed further investigation.
Late last year, Mr Justice O'Neill reported to Ms Fitzgerald that the allegations warranted the establishment of a Commission of Investigation - essentially an inquiry held in private by a judge - to find out who was telling the truth. Last week, the Government decided to do that, asking a Supreme Court judge, Peter Charleton, to undertake the task. The terms of reference for his inquiry focussed on the alleged garda campaign against McCabe, and the contacts they had with some journalists.
ADVERTISEMENT
How are Tusla involved?
On Thursday night, RTÉ's Prime Time programme broadcast details of a file created by Tusla, the state's child protection agency, which contained false allegations of sexual assault against a child by Sgt McCabe. The agency said the claim was a result of a “clerical error”. However, even after the error was discovered, the claim of sexual abuse against McCabe was pursued. It was also passed onto the gardaí. McCabe believes that may have been part of the campaign against him.
How does that affect the Government?
The day after the Prime Time programme - Friday - Minister for Children Katherine Zappone issued a statement saying she had the McCabes to discuss the Tulsa allegations and had informed relevant Government colleagues. But both the Taoiseach and the Tánaiste Frances Fitzgerald said they did not know anything about the Tusla file and the allegations in it until they saw the RTÉ programme.
Who is Sgt Maurice McCabe? In 2008, Sgt Maurice McCabe raised concerns about quashing of penalty points. In 2012, he was banned from using Pulse, the Garda system through which he identified questionable quashing. Controversy over his treatment led to resignations of Garda commissioner Martin Callinan and minister for justice Alan Shatter. In due course, Sgt McCabe was vindicated over his main complaint. The Garda whistleblowers: read more I found this helpful Yes No
So who exactly knew what, and when?
This is what has got the Government into such difficulty. On Sunday, the Taoiseach said in an RTÉ radio interview he had met Ms Zappone before she met the McCabes. He told her, he said, to make sure she took notes of the meeting.
Ms Zappone later contradicted that, but insisted she told the Taoiseach about the Tusla file before the Cabinet meeting last week.
The Taoiseach subsequently accepted that on Tuesday, February 14th and apologised to the Dáil for giving a mistaken account of events. Now he and Ms Zappone say they briefly discussed the matter, but not in detail.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny said he gave details of a meeting with Minister for Children Katherine Zappone which, in fact, never took place. Photograph: Gareth Chaney Collins
And yet, despite not knowing the details of the affair, the Taoiseach was still able to tell her that the Tusla issue would be covered by the then proposed terms of the Commission of Investigation.
To the Opposition, that just doesn't add up.
What's happening with the investigation into the McCabe allegations of the smear campaign now?
On Tuesday, February 14th, the Cabinet decided essentially to upgrade this investigation into a full-blown public Tribunal of Inquiry. It has not yet decided whether it should include the cases of other garda whistleblowers, some of whom make similar claims to Sgt McCabe.
What's the Dáil motion of no confidence about?
All parties support the establishment of the tribunal to investigate the treatment of Sgt McCabe. But the Government's handling of the affair has led to a Sinn Féin motion of no confidence, which is scheduled for this evening in the Dáil.
However, that is likely to be supplanted by a Government motion of confidence in itself. Fianna Fáil says it will abstain on the motion, allowing it to pass, and saving the Government. But only if it wants to be saved - the Independent Alliance have yet to say what they will do, and senior members were professing themselves troubled by the Taoiseach's changing versions of the story.
What are the implications?
The future of the Government is imperilled and the Taoiseach has been profoundly damaged by his handling of the affair. Fine Gael backbenchers are furious.
Leadership contenders Simon Coveney and Leo Varadkar have been trying to calm them down and dissuade those who are spoiling to get rid of Mr Kenny. The controversy has almost certainly shortened his remaining time as leader, perhaps drastically.
Leo Varadkar and Simon Coveney are considered the frontrunners to replace the Taoiseach. Photograph: Colin Keegan/Collins Dublin
Meanwhile, the Garda Commissioner is facing a public inquiry into potentially criminal activity that she was either actively involved in or at least aware of. She absolutely denies all that, but it's hard to think of anything like this happening before.
ADVERTISEMENT
So it isn't over yet?
It sure isn't.
Three times a week (Monday/Wednesday/Friday), John Savill tackles your most pressing IT questions.
Read through the FAQ archives, or send him your questions via email.
In this group a FAQs a quick look at Azure Stack Development Kit disk resiliency, Availability Zones in Azure and using the Azure Cloud Shell.
Q. If I use the Azure Stack Development Kit, what disk resiliency is used?
Q. What are Availability Zones in Azure?
Q. When using the cloud shell via the Azure Portal, what does it store persistent data?
Q. If I use the Azure Stack Development Kit, what disk resiliency is used?
Dept - Azure Stack
A. The Azure Stack Development Kit enables Azure Stack to be self-deployed to a single box to enable testing of the Azure Stack functionality but is not supported for any production workloads. To have disk resiliency you must have at least 8 regular disks or 5 if SSD disks. You also need at least 2 TB of space. This can be checked in the variable definitions.
$SimpleSizeThreshold = 2TB
$SimpleDiskCountThresholdWithSsd = 5
$SimpleDiskCountThresholdNoSsd = 8
Q. What are Availability Zones in Azure?
Dept - Azure
A. When deploying multiple instances of a service to Azure, for example multiple web front end servers, it is important to reduce any single points of failure. For example in Azure the servers are stored in racks and so one resiliency is to ensure each instance is spread over multiple racks. This is what Availability Sets provides. When services are added to an Availability Set they are spread over three fault domains where each Fault Domain can be thought of as a rack of servers. These racks are all in the same datacenter however.
An Azure region is typically made up of multiple datacenters where a datacenter could be a completely separate physical building or perhaps an area within a datacenter that has physical firewalls (think big thick concrete/steel walls to stop fires) separates, independent power, communications, fire suppresion etc.
With Availability Zones you can be now specific zone to which deploy resources; 1, 2 or 3. These are logical zones for your subscription. Another subscription may map to different physical zones for them however what is important is you can guarantee physical separation. You know things you deploy to AZ1 is a separate location to those deployed in AZ2 and so on. This gives a higher lever of resiliency from Availability Sets (which were all in one facility). You do not use Availability Sets and Availability Zones for one service, you pick. Do you want resiliency at a rack level or resiliency at a facility level. Of course you can also have resiliency at a region level by deploying to multiple regions and using Azure Traffic Manager to provide a single entry point if its publically facing.
Initially the services and regions that support Availability Zones will be limited but will grow over time.
To use Availability Zones simple select a zone when deploying a resource. If you don't select a zone then Azure will just deploy and select which will also enable you to then use Availability Sets.
Q. When using the cloud shell via the Azure Portal, what does it store persistent data?
Dept - Azure
A. When you first use the Azure Cloud Shell via the portal (Bash or PowerShell) it will prompt you to setup storage. This storage is actually a disk image which is stored within an Azure Files instance share within a storage account. If you select the defaults then the following will be created:
A resource group names cloud-shell-storage-
A storage account names cs
An Azure Files instance named cs----
This can be viewed via the df command in CLI or Get-CloudDrive in PowerShell.
For example in my environment I have the following:
Notice the storage account name, the file share name (cs-john-savilltech-net
SINGAPORE (AP) " A lengthy tussle heated up Wednesday between Singapore's prime minister and his siblings over the last wishes of their father, the founding leader of the city-state.
The feud offers a rare glimpse into cracks in the prominent family after the death of Lee Kuan Yew, who led Singapore with an iron grip for more than three decades and is credited with transforming the resource poor island into a wealthy bustling financial hub with low crime and almost zero corruption.
Lee died a widower in 2015. Much of the family feud is centered around his will directing to have his house demolished instead of being turned into a museum or heritage site.
All three children, including his eldest son and Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, have publicly supported this. But in a fresh statement, two siblings accused Lee of privately working against their father's will to "enhance his political capital."
Advertisement
Dr. Lee Wei Ling, a well-known neurosurgeon and her brother, business executive Lee Hsien Yang, claim that the prime minister had obtained a document and lobbied a government committee in hopes of preserving the house, which was built on prime land.
There has been a "misuse of his position and influence over the Singapore government and its agencies to drive his personal agenda," the statement said. "His popularity is inextricably linked to Lee Kuan Yew's legacy. His political power is drawn from his being Lee Kuan Yew's son."
"We do not trust Hsien Loong as a brother or as a leader. We have lost confidence in him," it added.
Such grave accusations directed at a leading official are extremely rare in Singapore. Since taking power in 2004, Lee has sued critics for defamation and won.
Lee, who is currently away on holiday, has denied the allegations. "I am very disappointed that my siblings have chosen to issue a statement publicizing private family matters. My siblings' statement has hurt our father's legacy," he said in a Facebook post.
"I will do my utmost to continue to do right by my parents. At the same time, I will continue serving Singaporeans honestly and to the best of my ability," Lee added. He plans to "consider this matter further" after the trip.
A self-proclaimed authoritarian, Lee Kuan Yew was Singapore's first prime minister from 1959 to 1990. He commanded immense respect for turning Singapore into a success story but also fear. He jailed some political rivals without trial for decades and brought defamation lawsuits against journalists and opposition politicians, which had a chilling effect on dissent.
Last April, Lee and his sister disagreed over the host of public programs held to commemorate their father's death. While Lee felt that the events were "generally appropriate," his sister called it "hero-worship" and said that it was something her father stood against.
A former head of maths at a Co Down grammar school has been jailed for 13 years for child sex offences.
Patrick James Carton, who taught at St Colman's College in Newry, was described by the judge as a “persistent, predatory and opportunistic offender who abused young people”.
Standing in the dock of Downpatrick Crown Court, sitting in Antrim, the 75-year-old appeared shocked at the sentence while his relatives in the public gallery cried at the sentence.
Carton, of Marguerite Close in Newcastle, Co Down, had been found guilty in March on 29 counts of indecent assault committed on various dates between February 1983 and June 2007.
The sentences for each of his six victims are to be served consecutively, and Judge Brian Sherrard said: “I consider that the global sentence is entirely in keeping with your course of persistent offending.”
A Sexual Offences Prevention Order to run alongside the prison sentence was also imposed, and Carton was ordered to sign the police sex offenders register for the rest of his life.
The trial jury heard that Carton, who also taught at De La Salle in Downpatrick, had given private maths lessons to the six victims, abusing them in their own bedrooms.
Jailing the paedophile pensioner, Judge Sherard told Carton that he had been a “beacon of respectability,” had devoted his career to teaching maths to children “with some considerable success”was held “in high esteem”.
He added: “All of this contributes to make your fall from grace even greater and ostensibly a man of good character until 75, its clear that you have been offending from middle age”.
During the seven week trial, the jury of seven women and five men heard testimony from each of the six victims, each of them teenagers at the time of the abuse, that Carton had a “star system” of discipline.
Three stars served “as a warning,” four resulted in a smack, five stars got a smack over underwear and six stars meant the pupil was smacked on his or her bare bottom.
The victims gave evidence that on occasions, Carton instructed them to lie on their bed where he smacked them but that in other incidents, they were “put across” his knee.
One woman said the abuse had “ruined” her life, while the male victim recounted how Carton pulled his pants down to smack him while being taught maths at his home, describing one specific incident where he had to “fight him off with his pants around his ankles” because the Carton would not stop hitting him.
During police interviews, Carton told police the families had asked him to tutor their children through “word of mouth,” claiming he did not smack the children to punish but in his mind it was to challenge them and had been done with the parents' consent.
He denied gaining any sexual gratification or any criminal wrongdoing, telling police it was “the most effective method” that led to “the best results”.
In court today, prosecuting lawyer Laura Levers submitted there were numerous aggravating features to the case, including breaching the trust that was placed in Carton in that he “exploited the tutoring arrangements in order to abuse” the teenagers as well as the “sheer number” of victims spanning some 24 years.
Defence barrister Mark Barlow said Carton “has lost everything....and now he will be portrayed as a serial sexual offender who abused young teenage girls and a young teenage boy”.
He said while Carton has always accepted the smacking aspect of his offences, he denies and continues to maintain his innocence regarding the more serious sex abuse aspect of the case which leads to “an absence of remorse”.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drink driver had drunk so much booze that when she got to work she could not walk, talk or even stand up properly.
Kirsty Attenborough, 30, of Maple Drive, Creswell, was spotted driving erratically and damaged her vehicle before she parked up at Hollybank Nursing Home, Creswell. A court heard how Attenborough collapsed into the gravel as she arrived.
Prosecuting solicitor Lynn Bickley told a Chesterfield magistrates' court hearing: “A witness reported seeing Miss Attenborough driving down Skinner Street in a Honda Civic and veering across the road and hitting a kerb.
“She was struggling to get up the hill and the vehicle was smoking and rubber could be smelled by the male witness.
“He heard a loud bang and saw the vehicle parked at an angle at Hollybank Nursing Home with damage.”
The witness found the defendant sitting in the driver's seat, according to Mrs Bickley, and he tried to speak to her but her speech was slurred and she was struggling to get her words out.
(Image: Derbyshire Times)
Mrs Bickley added that the witness took Attenborough's car keys and tried to get her out of the vehicle but she fell face first into the gravel.
Police revealed that Attenborough failed a roadside breath test with a high reading and when she was taken into custody she could not stand or walk so she had to be taken to Chesterfield Royal Hospital for a blood test.
Attenborough registered 270 milligrams of alcohol in her blood two-and-a-half hours after the police's original call-out. The legal limit is 80 milligrams.
The defendant told police she had been due to start work at 3pm at the nursing home and that she uses her partner's car so she does not have to walk home.
She admitted that she had drunk a medium-sized bottle of vodka on that same afternoon but she does not drink regularly and she is not alcohol-dependent and she thought she had been tipsy.
Attenborough, who is of previous good character, pleaded guilty to exceeding the alcohol drink-drive limit after the incident on December 2, last year.
The court raised concerns because Attenborough had been involved in an accident and had been driving on the wrong side of the road with children nearby as she had been going to work.
Attenborough was sentenced to a 12 month community order with a Drink Impaired Drivers Programme and 100 hours of unpaid work.
She was disqualified from driving for 26 months and must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs. The court heard that Attenborough can reduce her ban by 28 weeks if she completes a drink-drive rehabilitation course.
The Fourth Estate is recognized for its design of a spread on social networking in the Middle East
Laguna Blanca's Upper School newspaper, The Fourth Estate, has been selected as a 2011 NSPA Design of the Year Finalist in the National Scholastic Press Association's Pacemaker competition.
“This is the Holy Grail of journalism awards,” journalism instructor Trish McHale said. “This is NSPA's annual contest for newspaper, magazine and yearbook spreads.”
Journalists Lillie Hodges, Sean Burke and Julia Kent, all who graduated in June, created the spread “Social Networking Transforms the Middle East,” which earned finalist standing.
Since 1927, the NSPA's Pacemaker competition has been considered by many to be student journalism's highest honor. All NSPA members are eligible to compete in their respective national Pacemaker competitions.
The Newspaper Pacemaker contest is co-sponsored by the Newspaper Association of America Foundation. The contest yielded 325 entries, and categories included: newspapers with eight or fewer pages, newspapers with nine to 16 pages, newspapers with 17-plus pages, news magazines and junior high/middle school newspapers.
New this year, the NSPA is honoring up to 10 entries in each category of the individual awards. The top five entries in each category have been announced as finalists and will be announced as first- through fifth-place winners at the fall JEA/NSPA convention in Minneapolis, Minn.
Up to five honorable mentions additionally have been awarded in each category. The honorable mentions are not ranked.
Adobe Systems and the NSPA sponsor a Design of the Year competition. First-place winners in each category receive an Adobe software package of their choice. Categories include newspaper page one, newspaper page/spread, yearbook page/spread, magazine page/spread, infographic and illustration.
— Tara Broucqsault is the director of communications for Laguna Blanca School.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Selenium Target Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Selenium Target market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Lesker, SAM, Nexteck, ZNXC, Beijing Guanli, Kaize Metals, Kaize Metals, German tech, Beijing Scistar Technology, FDC, UVTM, Able Target, GEOSOPHY S.S.LTD. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Selenium Target Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-selenium-target-market/10359/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Selenium Target market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Selenium Target market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Selenium Target Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Selenium Target . This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Selenium Target in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Plane Target, Rotating Target.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Display Industry, Solar Energy Industry, Automobile Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Selenium Target Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-selenium-target-market/10359/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Selenium Target new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Selenium Target market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Selenium Target industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
WASHINGTON, D.C.: Donald Trump and his Republican allies unleashed a controversial memo accusing the FBI of bias and abuse of power Friday, intensifying a high-stakes fight between the White House and prosecutors investigating the president's campaign team.
Trump defied his own FBI director and the Justice Department to declassify the four-page Republican document, which implies malfeasance and partisanship at the very top of American law enforcement.
“I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace,” a visibly tense Trump said as he announced his decision to release the memo. “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that.”
Democrats and some Republicans have cried foul over the document, dismissing its release as little more than a stunt, and another thinly veiled effort to undermine the investigation into the Trump campaign's ties with Russia.
They claim the document — drafted by Devin Nunes, a Trump transition official, Congressman and House Intelligence Committee chairman — has glaring holes. The FBI itself said it had “grave concerns” over its accuracy.
The memo claims that Democrat-funded research prompted the FBI to spy on a former Trump campaign aide, Carter Page.
In a subsequent statement, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said the document “raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI.”
Trump's son Don Jr tweeted that it should be “game over” for the Russia investigation.
Trump's one-year-old presidency has been dominated by allegations that multiple aides, including Don Jr and his son-in-law Jared Kushner, may have coordinated with the Kremlin to defeat Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Special counsel Robert Mueller has already indicted two officials including Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort, and two more campaign officials have admitted lying to investigators — including onetime national security advisor Michael Flynn.
The 71-year-old president has decried the allegations as fake news and a Democratic plot. Mueller is soon expected to ask him to testify under oath about what he knows.
‘Talk is cheap'
The memo's release sent shockwaves across Washington, calling into question the future of Trump's hand-picked FBI Director Christopher Wray.
But he shrugged off attacks on the FBI's independence and pledged to defend his agents in an internal letter sent to staff on Friday and obtained by AFP.
“Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure,” Wray wrote.
“Let me be clear: I stand fully committed to our mission… I stand with you.”
The FBI had previously issued an extraordinary public warning against the memo's release, saying it contained “material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
But perhaps the biggest question hung over deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein.
Rosenstein oversees the Russia investigation and has the power to fire special counsel Mueller, because his boss, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, recused himself.
He was the only law enforcement official named in the memo who has not already been fired by Trump or moved from their post.
Trump, when asked if he has confidence in Rosenstein, told journalists in the Oval Office: “You figure that one out.”
But the president faced intense pushback from Democrats in Congress, who warned that any attempt to fire Rosenstein or Mueller would be seen as obstruction.
“We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Nancy Pelosi and eight other key Democrats said in a statement.
“Firing Rod Rosenstein, DOJ Leadership, or Bob Mueller could result in a constitutional crisis of the kind not seen since the Saturday Night Massacre,” they said, referring to disgraced president Richard Nixon's orders to fire justice officials during the Watergate scandal.
Several senior Republican senators also weighed in to show their displeasure.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” said Senator John McCain.
‘That's it?'
As he prepared to declassify the document, Trump took a swipe at the FBI and Justice Department.
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans,” he tweeted.
The president called the alleged bias “something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago,” adding: Rank & File are great people!”
The explosive Republican memo was based on the highly classified, much larger record of the application to obtain a so-called FISA national security warrant in 2016 to surveil Page.
Democrats have sought approval for the release of their own counter-memo that argues Nunes simplified and “cherry-picks” facts to distort what happened. But Republicans have not agreed to that.
Paul Ryan, the top Republican in the House of Representatives, supported the memo's release as an act of transparency while also calling Friday for the Democrat memo to be approved for release.
Former FBI head James Comey, who was fired by Trump last year after refusing to pledge loyalty to the president, tweeted after the memo's release: “That's it?”
“Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen,” he wrote.
“For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs.” AFP
AFP/CC
Dive Brief:
The Trump administration officially declared its support for apprenticeships by asking federal agencies to consider and remove regulations that could stifle creation of such programs, Bloomberg reports. Another announcement is expected Wednesday on workforce development.
This week, known as Apprenticeship Week in media circles, will see President Trump visiting a technical school in Wisconsin to espouse support for vocational programs. The Trump family, including Ivanka Trump (who is visiting Wisconsin with her father), has spoken out about the need to train Americans for the millions of job openings throughout the country.
However, Trump's DOL budget cuts funding from some federal programs that were allegedly supposed to support skills initiatives. Trump staffers claim the cuts are about the "accountability and effectiveness" of the programs.
Dive Insight:
Apprenticeships are one of the hotter words in the workplace development world right now, as more industries are finding worth in providing alternatives to four-year college and creating pipelines of young talent. Industries like construction and manufacturing face a massive brain drain as older workers begin to retire, since few young workers are willing to take up the reins so far.
Employers are struggling to overcome the "image gap" — a perception that working in certain industries leads to dead-ends or backbreaking work with little chance for promotion. In order to overcome these perceptions, some companies have partnered with local schools (even as young as middle school) to inform students about the real opportunities that exist in these industries.
Apprenticeships have also found worth in more "white-collar" spaces, including at STEM employers that face large talent gaps, as well. But organizations of all types can find worth in providing development opportunities — be it more low-key, in-house e-learning programs or a full skills development suite — to their employees.
For those of us who need a jolt of Joe to get the day started, who might sneak in a cup or two in the afternoon and have even been known to brew some dark roast late in the evening, it may be time to shed some of the guilt. Coffee could have a big upside.
A recent Stanford University School of Medicine study in Nature Medicine is the latest to perk up the worried coffee drinker. It reported that caffeine consumption counters the chronic inflammation responsible for more than 90% of many cardiovascular and other age-related diseases such as cancer, Alzheimer's and other dementias.
Put more simply, coffee can slow down a widespread cause of human aging.
Coffee and inflammation
It's been known that coffee drinkers live longer than abstainers, but it wasn't altogether clear why.
“What excites me is that we now know that aging, or more specifically age-related diseases, can be avoided or delayed by behavioral means,” says the study's lead author David Furman. “One mechanism associated with chronic inflammation can be easily inhibited simply by increasing caffeine intake.”
Over eight years, Furman, a consulting associate professor at the Stanford Institute of Immunity, Transplantation and Infection, and his team tracked a group of adults ages 60 to over 90.
AFP/Getty Images A woman roasts coffee beans in a pan at the Satria coffee plantation near Bangli, central Bali. Indonesia is the fourth largest producer of coffee in the world.
“We've identified the triggers of this chronic inflammation and possibly a way to reverse it,” Furman says.
Says Mark Davis, one of the senior authors of the study and director of the Stanford Institute: “I don't think there's another study in the world that has gone on as long as ours that has been focused on the immune system, which has thousands of different components.”
Researcher had a ‘hunch'
And as often happens in science, he said, the coffee connection came by accident. “We were studying inflammation and aging and David was looking at the data and had a hunch,” says Davis.
Furman said “a survey we conducted included estimates of caffeine intake” and he found something “quite novel:” a correlation between caffeine use and decreases in so-called “inflammasome gene expression,” the mechanism that triggers inflammation and leads to age-related disease. The researchers discovered that those who drank more caffeinated beverages had low levels of inflammatory factors in their blood.
They compared subjects who had inflammatory gene clusters and those whose gene clusters weren't highly activated. Those in the latter group were eight times as likely as those in the group with active gene clusters to have at least one family member who lived to age 90. Beyond that, those in the active group who were older than 85 in 2008 were “substantially more likely to have died by 2016” than the low group.
Longer life, better health
“If we can control chronic inflammation, we could have a much longer lifespan and most importantly, health span,” Furman says. “Caffeine can block the effect of molecules that cause inflammation, so it may have a protective function on aging and the development of chronic illnesses.” Furman and his team plan to follow up on further studies looking at the immune systems of 1,000 people and addressing the link between caffeine, chronic inflammation and cardiovascular disease.
Dr. Albert Shaw, associate professor of medicine at the Yale School of Medicine, says while the results of this study “show correlation between caffeine intake and decreases in inflammation — not causation — this is a well-done study by an outstanding group of investigators. It addresses an important question in aging research — the basis for increased levels of inflammation found in older adults — and provides new insights for further study.”
Should you drink more?
Furman says he is a coffee drinker who enjoys a “double espresso in the morning and after lunch.” But based on this study, does he recommend coffee for people who don't drink it or more coffee for those who do?
Christopher Jue/Getty Images A barista prepares a cafe latte at a specialty coffee shop in Tokyo.
“In healthy subjects, increasing caffeine intake may be beneficial. But one has to be cautious, especially in people with gut problems where caffeine may be more inflammatory than anti-inflammatory,” says Furman.
In other words, check with your physician.
Over the years, various studies have touted coffee's source of cancer-fighting antioxidants, its ability to rejuvenate the liver, lower the risk of Type 2 diabetes and of course, have linked coffee with longevity. The result is no shortage of headlines calling coffee “a fountain of youth,” a phrase Furman won't yet embrace.
But now that there is new evidence that coffee could slow down the aging process, the morning lines at your neighborhood barista might get longer.
And for those of us who've been racked by guilt for drinking coffee morning, noon and night, we can at least believe the stuff coursing through our veins will not only keep us awake, but possibly add years to our coffee-guzzling lives.
GREEN RIVER– Joan Elizabeth Chapman Carter, 54 , passed away Monday, May 28, 2018 at her home in Green River, Wyoming. She was a resident of Green river for 38 years and was a former resident of Illinois.
Mrs. Carter was born on March 19, 1964 in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Alfred Chapman and Virginia Pritchett.
She attended schools in Green River and received her diploma from Sheridan, Wyoming.
Mrs. Carter married Mark Thomas Carter on December 04, 1982 in Green River, Wyoming.
Joan was a homemaker or “Domestic Goddess” as she would say, for many years.
She was a member of the Fraternal Order of Eagles Hall #2350.
Her interest included spending time with family, crochet, softball, volleyball and bowling.
Survivors include her husband, Mark Carter of Green River, two daughters, Stephanie Watson and husband William of Billings Montana, Amy Corn and husband Jeff of Gainesville, Georgia, One brother, Alfred (Bud) Chapman of Harrisburg, Illinois, four brothers-in-law, Larry Carter and wife Mona of Anchorage, Alaska, Eddie Carter and wife Kathy of Lyman, Wyoming, Jim Carter and wife Jan of Rock Springs, Wyoming, Kevin Carter and wife Jonna of Green River, Wyoming, two sisters-in-law, Leanna Bunderman and husband Clarence of Green River, Wyoming, Martha Carter of Rock Springs, Wyoming, five grandchildren, Amayah Watson, Lynnzie Watson, Angel Watson, Brooklyn Corn, Owen Corn, several Aunts, Uncles, Nephews and nieces.
Joan was preceded in death by her Parents, two sisters Jackie Myers and Gail Chapman, Father-in-law, Chester Carter and brother-in-law David Carter.
Funeral services will be conducted at 1 pm, Monday, June 4, 2018 at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, 1000 West 4th North, Green River, Wyoming. Friends may call one hour prior to services.
Condolences may be left at www.vasefuneralhomes.com.
Our Duke stamped his class on the BoyleSports Irish Grand National to continue the golden season of trainer Jessica Harrington and jockey Robbie Power.
Sent off the 9-2 favourite despite running in his first handicap and for just the fourth time over fences, the Grade One-winning novice never looked in any real danger.
Following on from a Cheltenham Festival treble which included the Gold Cup success of Sizing John, Harrington and Power added the valuable Fairyhouse feature in real style.
When Stellar Notion and Fletchers Flyer tired to leave Our Duke in front, Power just had to make sure the seven-year-old negotiated the last two fences safely.
Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings stayed on from a long way back to claim second yet again, the same spot he filled 12 months ago, while the Ellmarie Holden-trained Abolitionist briefly threatened for Rachael Blackmore and took third, with Thunder And Roses (Mouse Morris) fourth.
Barry Geraghty was an early casualty as his mount Minella Foru fell, bringing down Arbre De Vie.
In truth only a handful were ever involved on the front end, with Our Duke kept wide early by Power and apart from getting close to a couple he jumped like an old hand.
He was cut to 14-1 from 25-1 for next year's Gold Cup, with the current champion already in the same yard.
As well as three Cheltenham winners, Power also won four races at Aintree's Grand National meeting.
He said: “This means so much to me, it's my local racecourse and I was second in it a few years ago so this is nice compensation. He is a hell of a good horse. He is very, very good.
“He made a few novicey little mistakes, but full credit to all the team at Commonstown. Jessie has done some job to train this horse to win an Irish National on only his fourth start over fences.
“Once he got a good view of his fences and got plenty of light we were going to be happy. He just travelled so well everywhere, he is just a very good horse.
“Fair play to Fairyhouse as well they're done a super job watering the ground because otherwise he wouldn't have been here. Full marks all round to everyone. Hopefully I'll have a tough decision to make next March (for the Gold Cup), but who knows, we'll enjoy this one first.”
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Contrary to much speculation, Wexford manager Davy Fitzgerald is facing a more stringent punishment than simply being banished from the dugout in the aftermath of Sunday's AHL semi-final defeat to Tipperary.
An eight-week suspension – the prescribed term for ‘physical interference with an opposition player' – would keep him off the sideline for two championship matches, including the anticipated meeting with provincial champions Kilkenny, but would also require him to play no role in the preparation of the team.
According to Rule 7.5 (e), anyone not subject to match suspensions, which apply to players, shall be suspended from “all functions, privileges and competitions under the association's control, but not from membership of the association”.
This is a clearly a more severe sanction than the general perception of banishment to the stand for matches and would take Fitzgerald away from training in the run-up to the championship just after he has completed a hugely successful league campaign, which saw Wexford promoted to Division One A for the first time in six years.
In a subsequent high point in the league quarter-finals they also defeated Kilkenny in Nowlan Park for the first time in 60 years.
Suspensions for players run from the day of their last match, generally the fixture in which the infraction occurred, but for non-players any punishment dates from the time it is accepted by the individual or the date of any subsequent imposition.
That can't be any earlier than this Tuesday when the matter is likely to be considered by the Central Competitions Control Committee at a scheduled meeting to decide on a venue for the last All-Ireland under-21 football final between Dublin and Galway at the end of this month.
Dim view
It is likely the committee will take a dim view of what happened in Nowlan Park, in a match that was broadcast live, despite Fitzgerald's undertaking that he “wouldn't do it again”.
He is seen on the field jostling with Tipperary's Jason Forde after running on in the aftermath of Tipp's 18th-minute second goal during the build-up to which Wexford's James Breen was clearly fouled.
Seen by a wide audience the pitch incursion has attracted negative publicity for the GAA and Fitzgerald has arguably made matters worse for himself by appearing to suggest that the action was calculated.
“When Tipp start to get a blitz on you, you just have to – just try to make sure I could lift my lads a small bit. I was hoping they might respond a small bit more. They responded after that which was no harm with a bit of fight.”
He refused to criticise referee Diarmuid Kirwan for the decision but it has been widely remarked that Tipperary got just one free in the remaining 50 minutes of the match.
There is an infraction of ‘discrediting the association' but it has been made clear by the GAA's independent tribunal the Disputes Resolution Authority that they won't stand over any use of this provision as catch-all device for punishing more heavily behaviour that is already dealt with in the rule book.
Precedent suggests that the punishment will be for eight weeks in respect of Fitzgerald's incursion onto the field in Sunday's AHL semi-final against Tipperary in Nowlan Park. That was the penalty handed down to Derry football manager Damien Barton after an incident in last year's McKenna Cup final.
During the match against Tyrone, Barton was permitted to enter the pitch as he was Derry's designated maor foirne under Rules of Control 1.4. But he became involved in a physical altercation with opposing player Cathal McCarron. Both of them were red carded by Cavan referee Noel Mooney.
McCarron's one-match suspension meant he missed the first match of his county's title defence the following year whereas Barton as manager was suspended from the sideline for nearly all of Derry's league campaign.
The infraction is covered by Rule 7.2 (c) IIa: Any type of physical interference with an opposing player or team official.
Shouldering players
If the CCCC impose the eight-week ban, Fitzgerald will miss Wexford's opening championship match against one of the Leinster round-robin qualifiers, scheduled for Saturday 27th May and also should they win, the semi-final against provincial champions Kilkenny, scheduled for 10th June.
Should a suspension be recommended it would be open to Fitzgerald to opt for a hearing before the Central Hearings Committee.
Speaking on Monday's RTÉ GAA Podcast Tomás Mulcahy, who captained Cork to the 1990 All-Ireland title, was critical of the Wexford manager's actions.
“You cannot enter the field of play. You cannot be squaring up to opponents. You cannot be shouldering players. Maybe the disappointment was from the referee, that he actually let him go back on to the sideline.
“I thought he should have been put up into the stand. It could have been a serious free-for-all if other players had joined in.
“There were frees given against Tipperary where everyone felt they were harsh frees. You didn't see Michael Ryan running in off the field. He's not allowed to cross the white line to go in and challenge a player.
“It's not good enough. He's a linesman beside him, he can air his grievances to the linesman, there's a fourth official behind him, but all he wanted to do was go in to Diarmuid Kirwan and it could have turned out to be pretty nasty. When he sees it again he'll agree he was out of order.”
Dive Brief:
In the second brief of a 10-part series examining social and emotional development among young people, Pennsylvania State University researchers highlight four especially effective elements of parent engagement programs.
“Parent Engagement Practices Improve Outcomes for Preschool Children,” produced with funding from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, holds up programs that promote positive parenting practices and parent-child relationships, promote home learning activities and effective teaching strategies, strengthen parent-teacher partnerships, and emphasize child physical health.
While many programs focus on the “birth-to-3” years, researchers say parent engagement efforts need to be strengthened in preschool, and these research-based strategies were identified as effective using randomized-controlled trials.
Dive Insight:
While K-12 school districts often stay out of the early childhood world, forging partnerships with early childhood providers can be important for kindergarten readiness. Teachers and other liaisons can ensure there is a clear pathway from a pre-K curriculum to kindergarten. And early outreach to families can ensure stronger bonds once students enter kindergarten and beyond.
Recent research out of the University of Chicago and the University of Southern California shows a 13% rate of return on investments in high-quality birth-to-5 childcare programs — that's $6 in return for every dollar invested. With the Every Student Succeeds Act allowing districts to spend more federal dollars on early childhood programming, K-12 districts may want to have a hand in these wider efforts.
Foreplay. Housewife. Sugar Daddy. Milf (as in 'mother I'd like to f***'). Whatever images these words conjure up for you, they probably won't include an eye shadow palette.
Yet this was the set of names Boots recently chose (and hastily withdrew) for a glitzy set of shades sold to teenage girls.
I vividly remember the time I had the dubious pleasure of buying some Deep Throat together with a Super Orgasm. Not my choices, but rather those of my teenage daughter, who was unsurprisingly reluctant to ask for them herself.
Both Deep Throat and Super Orgasm are shades of Nars blusher, on the radar of young girls like my daughter who are drawn to the beauty aisle as they experiment with 'grown-up' make-up.
Advertisement
But products such as these present a distorted definition of what it means to be 'grown up', says Susie Dent for the Daily Mail.
The trend for X-rated cosmetics is nothing new — names such as Lust and Nude Juice have been titillating our shelves since the beginning of the Noughties. But it has gathered so much momentum in the past few years that if you're searching today for a new eye shadow you can forget about simple, descriptive words like Heather or Damson or Dusk. Instead choose between F Bomb, Bang, or Stray Dog.
Delving further, I came across Get Some, Give Some, from one manufacturer, whose Perfect 3-Some eye palette is 'indispensable'.
I naively hoped that this language went over the head of my 14-year-old daughter, but the (natural) blush on her young cheeks as we stumbled across Orgasm beauty products told me otherwise. I suggested that we ought to avoid such ranges, but you'd be hard pushed to find one that doesn't play the same game.
There are even signs of a backlash, mostly from other concerned parents. Take British fathers Alex Theodorou and Kevinn Hirsch, who were so upset by the 'inappropriately mature messaging' on cosmetics for their young daughters that they've set up a fragrance brand with names such as Fab!, Yay and BFF (best friend forever).
"The trigger for us was the inappropriate celebrity fragrances on offer for them, and how over-sexualised the messaging was," says Kevinn, whose background is in technology rather than teen beauty. As of last week, the brand's products are available at Superdrug. "We just wanted to create a brand that says remember to have the confidence to always be yourself," adds Alex.
So if it embarrasses teens and angers parents, why do retailers use sex to sell their products? It's an extension of an age-old theme: their marketing relies on making women think they're buying more than just pretty tinted powder.
Charles Revson, creator of Revlon, was bang on the money many decades ago when he said: "In the factory we sell cosmetics, in the store we sell hope." According to today's brands, what a young girl should hope for is the flushed after-glow of a Snow or the bronzed brilliance of Sin.
I'd love to meet the copywriters who come up with these labels, to find out whether they really are, as I suspect, just sniggering competitors in the race to shock. Or perhaps they believe that their lustful lexicon is empowering and liberating young women.
Of course, young girls need space to discuss their wants and needs honestly and to learn about sexual desire. And there's certainly nothing wrong with wanting to make the best of yourself by applying a little make-up.
But the problem with these powder-pushers is that the lens they are looking through is insistently male and sex-focused. Far from allowing young girls to look good for themselves, it is men who are the imagined audience of this oversexed make-up. If in doubt, look no further than Glow Job (a face cream), Gash (a lipstick whose name is a vile slang reference), and Lube In A Tube (a lip balm).
For our daughters this insidious drip-feed of leering terms has become their norm. Prettification and pornification have become the same. A lipstick shouldn't have to rely on the shock level of its name to sell.
Women have been seduced for centuries by promises of firming, uplifting, plumping perfection. But today's make-up promises more than that: soft-faced beauty and hardcore titillation.
Make-up and morality have been interlinked since the Ancient Greeks, when cosmetics began to emerge. In Biblical times, the wicked Jezebel infamously 'painted her face'; heavy make-up became the symbol for "whoreishness".
Right up until the 20th century, no virtuous woman would be seen in public with anything but an unadulterated face, while an angelic, 'pure' whiteness was considered such a must-have that bleaching lotions were the beauty best-sellers of their day.
Heavy make-up was out of the question. But in the 1920s, as women sought to forget the bleakness of war and assert their independence, bold colour crept in. At first it was confined to lips — sumptuous reds as a daring contrast to pale skin.
The seductiveness of Hollywood's It-girls such as Clara Bow meant dramatic shades followed, with the simple Bright, Medium and Dark lip shades of pioneers Avon giving way to a range of shades such as Vivid, Raspberry, and Cupid's Bow.
These descriptive names eventually morphed into the cutesy Tickle, Razzle and Plummy of my own teenage years. Leap forward two decades and we have Vice, Perversion, and Snatch (another slang term).
Part of the problem is something called linguistic inflation. We use exaggerated terms to describe things around us.
That's why we refer to government experts as 'tsars', hail every act of kindness as 'heroic' and every traffic accident is 'tragic'. The words are devalued.
Hype is one thing but porn another. Our make-up seems to have lost distinction between slinkiness and sleaze, and while many of us use these products without a second thought, I believe the conflation of the two harms young girls seeking to define their identities.
Writer Erica Jong observed years ago that 'the juice and joy missing from the lives of women are being supplied by the contents of jars and bottles'.
And we seem content to pay out for the false promises made by modern cosmetics. Jong mused: "What price bliss? What price sexual ecstasy"? Well, you can probably pick up a pot of each for under $50.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Grass Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Hancock Seed, Pennington Seed, The Scotts Company, Barenbrug Group, Turf Merchants, Green Velvet Sod Farms, Bonide, Jonathan Green, Pickseed, PGG wrightson Turf.
The Grass Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Grass Seed industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-seed-market/10134/#requestforsample
The Grass Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Grass Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Cool Season Grass, Warm Season Grass.
Grass Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Landscape Turf, Golf Turf, Others.
Key Highlights of the Grass Seed Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-grass-seed-market/10134/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Grass Seed market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) has appended a new research publication to its extensive research repository on global biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market. According to the report, the worldwide market for plastic bags and sacks is estimated to grow at a 6.9% CAGR during the assessment period of 2017 to 2022. The global biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market is estimated to reach just under US$ 1.5 Bn towards the close of 2017. Further, the study indicates that the global market is estimated to be valued at about US$ 2 Bn by the close of the period of forecast.
Get Free Sample Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/sample/3901
Increasing Pollution to Boost Global Market Demand for Biodegradable Plastic Bags and Sacks
This research publication indicates that increasing pollution arising due to the use of petroleum based plastic products is causing grave environmental concerns and this is a major factor responsible for a growing demand in the biodegradable plastics bags and sacks market across the globe. It is also observed in the report that the rising reliance of the food and medical industry on eco-friendly plastic baggage is another driving factor responsible for the development of the worldwide biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market. Also, the changing stringent laws pertaining to traditional plastic disposable products in developing regions is another factor responsible for the increase in demand for biodegradable plastic products. In the foreseeable future, developments in various manufacturing technology systems and the deployment of wide-ranging additives is expected to improvise the compostability and biodegradability of plastic bags and sacks, and this will have additional impact on the development of the market.
Global Biodegradable Plastic Bags and Sacks Market: Segmental Analysis
The research study categorizes the international market for biodegradable plastic bags and sacks into product type, material type, region, and end user. By material type, this report bifurcates the global market for biodegradable plastic bags and sacks into polyhydroxyalkanoates (PHAs), others, polylactic acids (PLAs), and starch blends. Among all these segments, PLA segment is the leading segment and is anticipated to remain dominant over the said period. Based on product type, the study categorizes the global market for biodegradable plastics bags and sacks market into lay flat bags, gusseted bags, trash bags, woven sacks, rubble sacks, T-shirt bags, and others. By end use, the report segregates the international market for biodegradable plastics bags and sacks into consumers, institutional, retail and industrial. On the basis of region, the market is tracked across Europe, Latin America, North America, and Asia Pacific excluding Japan. Among all these regions, Europe is anticipated to dominate the global market in the coming years.
Browse Complete Report with TOC @ https://www.mrrse.com/biodegradable-plastic-bags-sacks-market
Global Biodegradable Plastic Bags & Sacks Market: Key Players
Some of the top companies featured in this report are Sarah Bio Plast, Wells Plastics Ltd., JUNER Plastic packaging Co., Sahachit Watana Plastic Industry Co.,Ltd., Shabra Group, Novolex, International Plastics Inc., Xtex Polythene Ltd., Dagoplast AS, EXTRAPACK Ltd., Bulldog Bag Ltd., Symphony Polymers Pvt Ltd., Ampac Holdings LLC, and Abbey Polyethene. The report also provides a detailed profiling of the leading players and highlights the various strategies incorporated by these companies along with the current market share in the biodegradable plastic bags and sacks market.
Enquire About this Report @ https://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/3901
About MRRSE
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States
Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: https://www.mrrse.com/
BOSTON — The Boston Celtics say forward Gordon Hayward had surgery to remove a plate and screws in his broken left leg and will be ready to start next season.
Hayward missed almost the entire season after breaking his leg in the first quarter of the season opener. The Celtics went on to reach Game 7 of the Eastern Conference finals before losing to the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The team says his leg and ankle are sound, but the plate and screws that were implanted to help the injury heal were irritating his tendons. He is scheduled to resume basketball activities in six to eight weeks and be ready for training camp.
Also Wednesday: the Celtics said centre Aron Baynes had successful surgery to repair a nasal fracture he sustained during Game 6 of the Cleveland series. He is expected to be back on the court in two to four weeks.
MELBOURNE, Australia (AP) " Albanian striker Besart Berisha set an A-League record when he converted a penalty in Melbourne Victory's 4-2 win over Newcastle Jets on Monday night, giving him 91 career goals in Australia's top-flight competition.
The win kept Victory within seven points of league-leading Sydney FC after 13 rounds.
The 31-year-old Berisha overtook Archie Thompson, another former Victory striker, for outright first among scorers in the league that was launched in 2005-06. He stepped up after a Jets player was penalized for handball in the area in the 30th minute and had no trouble from the spot, registering his 10th goal of the season.
The situation is expected to be aggravated by port congestion facing the oil companies, which is compelling them to postpone their import and export programmes; amid acute discharge and loading constraints.
Fuel supplies are expected to be seriously disrupted due to the unanticipated shutdown of the Tema Oil Refinery (TOR).
A release issued in Accra on Tuesday and signed by the Principal Research Analyst, Petroleum Unit of the Institute of Energy Security (IES), Mr Richard Rockson, said: “As a result, stocks of the two main petroleum products consumed in the country have fallen short of the mandatory strategic level of six-weeks, at a time when economic activities have picked up across the country after the general election and Christmas festivities”.
Stock levels
The release said: “At the close of business on Monday, the country's stock of gasoline and gas oil at both the Tema Oil Refinery (TOR) and the Bulk Oil Storage and Transportation Company (BOST) installations across the country was 86,000 metric ton.”
It said, “Also, the stocks held in-tank at Bulk Oil Distribution Companies (BDC's) facilities in Tema stood at 24,750 metric ton. A year ago, the combined stock of these fuel stood at 451,200 metric ton; a little above the mandatory six weeks requirement”. The release said: “Today, the stock of gasoline and gas oil combined can meet just 13-days of fuel supply. The last time the country came close to this situation was June 2014 and this actually resulted in fuel shortages in the country.”
It said the current situation was anticipated when the explosion of the furnace occurred at TOR a few weeks ago.
The release said that was the moment when the government and relevant agencies should have taken the necessary steps to forestall any such incident, especially when it was followed up with a disruption of the Conventional Buoy Mooring (CBM) facility in Tema.
“The National Petroleum Authority (NPA) revised the Laycan for vessels prior to the explosion at TOR but it failed to produce any positive result, especially due to the low discharge and loading flow-rate from the Tema Oil jetty to oil installations in Tema,” it said.
“If the fuel discharge and loading constraints, coupled with the shutdown of the refinery, persist, the situation will create fuel shortage across the country within the next few weeks,” the release warned.
Advice
The institute, therefore, called on the authorities to, as a matter of urgency, increase fuel supplies for strategic reserves in order to avoid the eminent threat facing the country.
“IES has also noted unfairness in the use of the Tema Oil Jetty, which will result in the shortage of LPG in the coming days. IES has found out that while an LPG vessel belonging to BOST has been at anchorage since January 23, 2017 awaiting space to discharge its products, Fuel Trade within the period has discharged more than two vessels of LPG through the Oil Jetty from January 23, 2017 till date,” it said.
“This practice of unfairness is going to cost the taxpayer $440,000 in demurrage from January 23, 2017 to date and still counting. IES is calling on the NPA to discharge it duties fairly in the deregulated downstream petroleum industry by ensuring value for money for all players in the industry and that the taxpayer is not burdened with cost at the expense of private players whose motive is purely profit driven,” it said.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Share This: There's A Batcomputer In Your iPhone, Courtesy Of The Lego Batman Movie Corrina
Forget the pink carnations and heart-shaped boxes of chocolates you may or may not have received yesterday, Apple got us something way better. They've hacked into The Lego Batman Movie's Batcomputer and put it right in our iPhones.
You might have picked up on Siri's cameo in the latest Lego movie—Apple's voice command assistant, the one that talks to you when you accidentally hold the home button down a tad too long, is at the helm of Batman's super computer, too. And since artificial intelligence isn't all that intelligent (yet), you can convince Siri that you're a cape-wearing Lego minifig with one simple phrase.
Activate Siri and say “Hey, ‘puter.” She'll reply as though you're Batman. You don't haaaaaave to talk to her in your gruffest Batvoice but it's definitely more fun if you do. Keep repeating the phrase for different Bat-related responses.
Here are a few of the ones we got, but check it out for yourself.
BY SUZANNE MONROE
Heart health is impacted by a variety of factors, including physical, emotional and spiritual. It's one reason the heart is the most intriguing organ. It's the human lifeline, pumping blood throughout the body, yet every person experiences emotions that are somehow related to the heart.
While science is still exploring the many facets of the heart, taking a holistic approach to healing the heart can be beneficial. Whether one has a serious heart health concern or less life-threatening yet emotional concerns, the heart is central to overall well-being. That being said, the following healthy habits for heart health are offered.
1. Add vitamin J. vitamin J=Vitamin Joy with a dose of laughter and pleasure. Add joy, laughter and pleasure to daily grind. A study from the University of Maryland School of Medicine recommends 15 minutes of daily laughter for optimum heart health.
2. Incorporate physical activity. Start with simple yet enjoyable activities, like walking, yoga or dancing —start with 10 minutes a day, increasing it gradually. Exercise is essential.
3. Eliminate trans fats. An FDA (Food and Drug Administration) advisory panel found that trans fats are even more harmful to health than saturated fats. The Institute of Medicine went a step further, concluding that the safest amount of trans fat is zero.
4. Try Omega-3 supplement. Omega-3 fatty acids play a crucial role in keeping the heart beating steadily and not lapsing into dangerous, sometimes fatal erratic rhythms. As many fish contain high levels of mercury and PCBs, use supplements such as fish oil, cod liver oil if extra vitamin D is needed, or krill oil.
5. Reduce or eliminate refined sugar. Avoid sugar and chemicalized, artificial sweeteners in foods and beverages. Use gentle sweeteners like maple syrup, raw honey, brown rice syrup, agave nectar and stevia. Also, eat sweet vegetables such as yams, carrots, and beets.
6. Eat more vegetables, fruits, nuts, and whole grains. Vegetables, fruits, nuts, and whole grains are full of vitamins, antioxidants, and other nutrients great for improving circulation, lifting the spirit, purifying the blood and strengthening the immune system. Choose whole foods and have them several times daily.
7. Get more sleep. Women who sleep less than five hours each night have a 30-percent higher risk of heart disease than those who get eight hours. Too little sleep may play havoc with hormones, blood sugar and blood pressure.
8. Avoid tobacco and cigarettes. Exposure to tobacco, even second-hand smoke, can worsen heart disease.
9. Evaluate salt intake. As sodium intake increase, so can blood pressure. Moderating intake can help prevent and control hypertension. When using salt, choose high-quality sea salt which has important minerals that the body needs.
10. Breathe deeper. Meditation and relaxation techniques can help teach the body to tone down physical response to stress.
About the author: Suzanne Monroe is the founder of The International Association of Wellness Professionals and director of the IAWP's Wellness Coach Certification & Training Program. The IAWP has given away over $100,000 in scholarships to support people who are passionate about health and wellness.
A California Highway Patrol helicopter crew filmed an Oakland sideshow at 42nd Avenue and Interstate 880 on Sunday morning. The sideshow, or public car stunt, involved approximately 50 vehicles. Shortly thereafter, the sideshow dispersed and moved to another area, involving about 200 vehicles. There were fireworks being shot into the air and multiple reports of gunfire. The chopper was also struck multiple times by a green laser. The photos at the end of the video are of the suspect in the laser incident being arrested.
Thursday's Impact Wrestling episode, the latest reboot for the company with Austin Aries returning to win the Impact World Heavyweight Title from Eli Drake, drew 319,000 viewers. This is up 3% from last week's 310,000 viewers for the Genesis edition of the show and the best number going back to the August 17th, 2017, which garnered 320,000 viewers.
Impact ranked #136 on the Cable Top 150 this week. Last week's show ranked #138.
The NBA topped the night with two games that drew more than 2.7 million viewers combined.
Below is our 2018 Impact Viewership Tracker:
January 4th Episode: 309,000 viewers
January 11th Episode: 276,000 viewers
January 18th Episode: 309,000 viewers
January 25th Episode: 310,000 viewers (Genesis edition)
February 1st Episode: 319,000 viewers (Reboot)
February 8th Episode:
2017 Total: 16.147 million viewers
2017 Average: 311,000 viewers per episode
Source: ShowBuzz Daily
At last Sunday's Royal Rumble, Ronda Rousey made her debut with the WWE and capped off her appearance with the yearly tradition of pointing at the WrestleMania sign that hung above the crowd at the Wells Fargo Center. Rousey is expected to have a high profile match at WWE's biggest show of the year, rumors are swirling, but as of yet nothing is official.
So, today's question: Who would you like to see Ronda Rousey face at WrestleMania 34?
See Also Conor McGregor Comments On Ronda Rousey Signing With WWE
Sounds off with your thoughts in the "Comments" below and tomorrow we'll post a follow-up with the top picks and quotes, along with any ideas that may have trended throughout your replies.
New subscribers can sign up for the WWE Network by clicking here and get their first month for free, which includes Elimination Chamber on February 25.
Armed police have responded to reports of a shooting near a marae in Putāruru, in Waikato.
Police were called to the marae at 4.45pm after reports a man approached passersby in the area saying someone had been shot.
"Police are currently at the marae making inquiries," a spokesperson said.
"But at this stage there is nothing to indicate that anyone has in fact been shot.
Advertisement
"We will continue to provide updates as any new information comes to hand."
Anyone knows what is going g down in Domain road putaruru? Armed cops, multiple ambos, unmarked dog cars. The works! — Matthew Beveridge (@matthewjpb) May 31, 2018
Whakaaratamaiti Marae chairman Justin Dick at 6.15pm told the Herald everyone on the marae itself was safe but they had been told to stay indoors by police.
A man who lives next to a marae on Domain Rd told the Herald a man had come onto his property at 4.45pm telling him that there was someone at the marae shooting people.
The man's report is unconfirmed by any officials. A police source told the Herald at 6pm they were treating the matter as "an active shooter".
After the man came and left from the property he called police at 4.45pm.
Police arrived shortly after to speak to him. He said he did not hear any shots but saw armed police officers headed towards the marae after 4pm.
A woman who said she was at the marae told Newstalk ZB at 5.45pm that all was quiet there and "she had not seen or heard anything".
A reporter at the scene said there were a lot of cars at the intersection of Domain Rd and SH1.
She said some were residents who were trying to get into the road but being blocked.
She saw three ambulances at the scene and about 40 police officers.
She said many of the police were in bulletproof vests.
More police cars are still arriving at the scene.
Police set up a road closure at the intersections of Harris Rd and Whites Rd and at Harris Rd and Domain Rd.
Police said in a press release they were called to the incident at 4.45pm.
"Officers, including AOS, are in the area making enquiries to establish exactly what has taken place.
"At this stage, no information has been confirmed."
Michael Flaws, from business Kiwi Lumber on Domain Rd, told 1 NEWS a person came onto the property claiming there were gunshots at a nearby marae.
"I personally didn't hear anything," he said.
"There are a carload of people at our gate and armed police have just arrived."
Kiwi Lumber timber machinist Paku Marurai was stopped at the cordon by police, who asked him if he had seen or heard of any shooting in the area.
He was prevented from travelling down Domain Rd because of reports of shoots being fired in the area.
An ambulance spokesman said they were in attendance and were waiting at a "staging point until police have deemed the scene safe".
A police spokeswoman has said she can't confirm what the emergency is at this stage.
"All I can confirm is we are responding to an incident in Putaruru. We were called at 4.45pm."
Police are currently responding to an incident in Putaruru. We were called at 4.45pm and are currently en route to the scene. Until we arrive we will have no further information to share. We'll provide an update as soon as we can. — NZP Media (@NZPoliceMedia) May 31, 2018
A receptionist at Kiwi Lumber Ltd on Domain Rd said there was "definitely something going on" but they were in the dark.
"We can't see anything happening out the front of our place," she said.
A nervous staff member of a central Putaruru business says something is going on but she's not sure what.
She's seen police walking around.
More to come.
It has become very important to mark your company's presence digitally because our country India is transforming into Digital India. We are TOS Team, a team of experienced digital marketers who will get all your digital marketing communication all planned out. We are a prominent name in Digital Marketing Agency, Delhi as we provide a complete solution to all our clients for their Integrated Marketing Communication.
On a recent episode of his 83 Weeks podcast, former WCW President Eric Bischoff discussed signing Bret Hart in 1997. You can listen to the full podcast by clicking here, below are some highlights:
Whether he wanted Bret Hart to come to WCW with the WWF Championship:
"There were probably two or three different conversations about that. The one conversation that I distinctly remember. I remember that I was in Wyoming. I remember it because my cell phone went off and I was in a cell area that was really sketchy, where I was around a post office in the middle of nowhere. I remember going inside the post office to use a pay phone, and I remember standing there thinking, why am I having this conversation again? It is not that important of a deal. I convinced Bret Hart one last time do not worry about the Championship belt. In my mind, I remember thinking this at the time, what I thought Bret Hart should do is given the fact that he is Bret Hart, and you know, Stu Hart and the Hart family legacy, the tradition of the business, what I wanted Bret to do is just pass the belt on. Do the right thing. Shake Vince McMahon's hand. Leave on good terms. The business; the audience would have had more respect for him than to hold on to the belt because he didn't want to lose in Montreal, Quebec Canada [Survivor Series 1997] because he is a Canadian. That, to me didn't make any sense. Worrying about it didn't make any sense to me because Bret Hart was coming to WCW. The fans were sophisticated enough to know that if he lost a match it wasn't going to diminish who Bret Hart was. That logic from talent never made any sense to me. That is when you get sucked in to the work where you work yourself. I tried to explain that to Bret Hart. It just didn't matter to me".
Whether he consulted with WCW talent about Hart prior to him arriving:
"I talked to Hulk Hogan. I talked to Kevin Nash, Scott Hall. I talked with Ric Flair It would have been kind of standard operating procedure to have conversations to pick the brains of the top guys that he would have been working with. To make sure there were no chemistry issues, or landmines that I needed to be aware of. If there were I would have to deal with them prior to him coming on board not afterwards. I would have probably listened to a number of people suggest the best possible ways to take advantage of Bret Hart, including Hulk Hogan. Hulk had a long history with Bret Hart, as did Ric Flair. They had a long history with Bret. They knew Bret Hart better than I did. I had never worked with Bret. Quite frankly, I never followed him much in WWF. He was never really my cup of tea. I appreciated and understood why fans loved him. I understood the qualities that he brought, but he wasn't one of the guys where I watched him and thought to myself that I couldn't wait to have that guy on the roster. I was interested in the perspectives of guys like Ric Flair, Roddy Piper, Hulk Hogan, who did know Bret at a much different level than I could possibly know him."
Why it took so long to have Bret Hart debut in WCW:
"Why wouldn't I just drop everything and take in a guy who had a certain amount of time of a no-compete clause; had a broken hand, and just kind of drop everything and throw him in the middle of something without any real planning, backstory and throw it against the wall in hopes that it would stick? Is that the question? That is the kind of prevailing critique that I hear often; how can you take a guy like Bret Hart, which by the way, he wasn't drawing, there is a reason why Vince McMahon let him go. It wasn't because he was making Vince McMahon money hand over fist. One of the things that I liked---look at what we did with Sting and Hulk Hogan. I wanted long term plans. One of the reasons I thrust myself in creative, and I may have said this to you before, if I didn't I apologize, but I was never comfortable with creative. I was comfortable with the business side of it. I understood the business side of the business pretty well. What I didn't know I could pretty easily understand and figure out, but that creative side was the voodoo side that I never got close to. I never got close to the creative in AWA; not only was I not close to it, I wasn't allowed to be in a room close to it when they were talking about creative. That is how tightly held Verne Gagne believed in kayfabing people who he didn't believe needed to be in the process. I had zero exposure to creative in WCW up until 1993, 1994. Even then I was at a distance. I would talk to Dusty Rhodes because he and I were tight and we would talk a little bit, and would explain to me the ideas that he had and sucked up as much as I could. I was fascinated by it quite honestly, but I was still never comfortable being the guy in the room that said yay or nay on something. Ric Flair, when I brought him in as a booker, I was never in that room. I would come in and out. There were certain things that I had to be aware of as Executive Vice President, depending on the timeline was of the company and being responsible financially for things. I had to have an idea of where we were going, what the pay per views were going to look like, how the cards are being advertised six months before pay per views and all that kind of crap, but I didn't sit in a room with a team filled with guys who had hundreds of years of more experience than I did and try to influence their creative decisions. I tried to stay out of that. It wasn't until later on that I inserted myself in that process."
Bret's tenure in WCW being a failure:
"I think it all goes back to the very beginning. I think it is fair for Bret Hart and fans of Bret Hart to suggest that there was never really a long term plan with Bret. That is fair. Bret came in rather abruptly. We didn't have a long time to really lay out in a thoughtful way where we can balance different options and really creatively do the best job that we can do. Even with the time that we had, we didn't do a great job. I didn't do a great job, so I think if you go back to the very beginning with all the things that were going on; with the pressures of WCW Thunder and some of the choices I was trying to make, and the pressures were we getting from WWE, and the pressure we were getting from our own company, and the fact that they were gutting our budget, all of those things were throwing us off of our game, and a lot of that had to do with the reason why, so we didn't have a good plan, we just didn't, and that is fair for Bret, and for fans of Bret, but I will also say that Bret Hart didn't contribute. He didn't try. Despite the 'hero's journey' and the amazingly, Steven Spielberg-ish where he single handedly, against all odds created in Toronto, Canada so that his fans, the multitude of fans, who stood outside in the freezing cold as Bret Hart had to walk over the almost comatose body of the head booker only to prevail in the ring and to prove to all of the bookers and to everybody else that Bret Hart had the keys to the kingdom that night, but despite all of that, Bret Hart didn't really contribute as much as Bret Hart could have contributed to Bret Hart's own success. In his own legacy. Right now, Bret Hart's legacy is a bitter, broken guy who wants to blame everybody from Vince McMahon to Eric Bischoff, to Ric Flair, Shawn Michaels, to Dean Malenko for God's sake for all of the things that went wrong in his career. Regardless of all the things I did wrong, that is on Bret Hart."
In response to Bret's comments about Eric Bischoff not creating talent:
"Yeah, I'm sure the next time you go to a Wrestlecon, or maybe even the 'All In' event. I am sure if you see Scott Hall and Kevin Nash signing autographs, I am sure Scott Hall is wearing a Razor Ramon gimmick. I am sure Kevin Nash is going as Diesel, right? Wrong! They are still more over today because of what I did for them. I made them bigger stars in WCW than they ever were in WWE. If you don't believe me just go check it out next time you see them at autograph signings. They are still wearing their nWo s**t. By the way, our shirts are still selling over at WWEShop.com. Oh, by the way, Booker T, that guy in WCW, who is still associated with WWE, and Bill Goldberg, who was just inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame, all of those guys who suffered at Eric Bischoff's hands, whose careers just died in the wasteland at Eric Bischoff's understanding of the Pro Wrestling business as Bret freaking Hart knows it. Those guys are still making money. I kind of say to Bret, just look around you Bret. Pull yourself out of the mushroom that you live under. Look for a little daylight, and look around you to see that you are kind of full of s**t. You really don't know what you are talking about because you weren't inside of Turner Broadcasting. You weren't inside of the machine that was going on at the time where Ted Turner was literally pulling the carpet from underneath me and didn't know it until I was asked to leave my own office. Bret Hart, you don't really understand the business of the Pro Wrestling business, you only understand the Bret Hart business of the Pro Wrestling business, and they are two different things."
If you use any of the quotes in this article, please credit 83 Weeks w/ Eric Bischoff with a h/t to Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Share This: Thor Is All Muscle In Team Thor: Part 2 Julia
Thor might be able to help you save the world, but he's actually a pretty terrible roommate.
Thanks to Marvel, we now have a follow-up to last year's Team Thor clip where we saw exactly what Thor was up to during the events of Captain America: Civil War. Thor's roommate Darryl is back for Team Thor: Pt. 2 to show us that Thor is pretty bad at paying his share of the rent, but he is made of muscle (or brains..?) so that's something.
The clip is just a teaser for all the Team Thor videos that are included in the bonus features for Doctor Strange on digital HD, which was released today.
Also featured in the Doctor Strange extras is a sneak peek at Phase 3 of the MCU, which includes new concept art for Thor: Ragnarok. The images show what appears to be a gladiator-style battle between Thor and Hulk. Hulk seems to have picked up a few new tools in the art pieces, including a giant hammer, axe and sword. Plus we have new art of Cate Blanchett looking completely wicked as Hela.
Thor: Ragnarok will smash into theatres November 3, 2017
Emma Bridgewater reveals Father's Day collection
If your dad loves a cuppa, he'll love drinking out of one of these massive mugs.
With Father's Day just a few weekends away (June 16th to be precise), it's time to start racking your brains for what to get your dad.
While most dads definitely top their family's 'hardest to buy for' list, shopping for them doesn't need to be a nightmare.
The folks at Emma Bridgewater have released three awesome mugs just in time for the big day - and with each one big enough to hold half a pint of tea or coffee, they're definitely dad-sized.
If you like these, check out the mugs Emma created for Prince Harry and Meghan's Royal Wedding and the April 23rd birth of Prince Louis.
FMU falls to Flagler
Close Reese Cooley (25) takes his turn at bat during FMU's double header against Flagler College. Caleb Reeves Reese Cooley (25) takes his turn at bat during FMU's double header against Flagler College.
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Flagler College senior left-hander Michael Maiocco tossed a four-hit shutout, and Flagler plated a pair of unearned runs in the top of the ninth to snap a scoreless deadlock. The Flagler College Saints claimed a 2-0 win over FMU on Friday, March 24 in Peach Belt Conference baseball action.
FMU senior right-hander Chance DuCharme made the longest outing of his career, hurling 8.1 innings and allowing only three singles with six strikeouts and two walks.
Maiocco, one of the national leaders in pitching wins for Division II, fanned three and issued only one walk.
In the bottom of the third, senior second baseman Antonio Pino walked with one out to stretch his streak of safely reaching base to 22 consecutive games. Junior first baseman Trey Chapman followed with a single through the left side, but Maiocco then induced a double-play ground ball to end the threat.
Patriot senior catcher Logan Koch singled to lead off the FMU fifth and moved to second on a sacrifice bunt. However, the receiver was stranded there as Maiocco successfully retired the next two batters.
In the ninth inning, FMU freshman third baseman Harris White was hit by a pitch with two outs, but Maiocco recovered to retire the next batter on a game-ending ground out to second.
Flagler had previously taken its 2-0 lead in the top of the ninth. After a walk, a single and a sacrifice bunt put runners on second and third, the Saints scored their first run when a grounder to short was mishandled. Three batters later, Flagler tallied its second run on a two-out wild pitch.
Flagler second baseman Ethan Crout was the only player on either side to register multiple hits.
Slick fielding plays behind DuCharme aided the Patriot cause during the first eight frames. Koch caught a runner attempting to steal – his 12th such nabbing of the season – to end the fourth inning. Earlier in that frame, junior left fielder William Robbins went to his knees to catch a liner. Chapman started a double play in the seventh inning and reached over the retaining fence to snare a foul pop to close out the eighth inning. FMU senior shortstop Zach Callahan made a sliding catch of a foul ball on the warning rack on the third base side in the sixth frame.
The Henderson County Sheriff's Department found itself in hot water for sharing an offensive meme that poked fun at victims of opioid overdoses.
This meme was shared among Henderson County, NC sheriff's deputies in a May group email about crime analysis. pic.twitter.com/jcgEIzhwzN — Noor Al-Sibai (@nooralsibai) December 11, 2017
United States law enforcement officials are giving themselves a bad name with rampant incidents of misconduct.
One of the latest disgraceful acts came from a North Carolina sheriff's department where a meme was circulated among officers making fun of people who overdose on opioids.
Read More LA Cop Kept His Job After Replacing Blood Evidence With Taco Sauce
According to Raw Story, Henderson County Sheriff Charles McDonald issued a public apology for a tacky and inappropriate image featuring a hand squirting Narcan, an opioid antidote that is used to save lives, accompanied by the words, “Narcan: Robbing Darwin of his bountiful harvest since 1971.”
By relating drug overdose to Darwinism, the meme suggests that those struggling with addiction are victims of natural selection, lacking the necessary traits and skills for survival thus being unfit to sustain life or reproduce.
While McDonald did not divulge who in the department initially sent the image, he admitted that it had been sent in an interdepartmental email back in May that focused on crime analysis. In his apology, he referred to the meme as “tasteless.”
“... [T]here is no excuse for it regardless of the intention,” McDonald told Western North Carolina's WLOS. “I'm told it was an attempt at dark humor, but it was in no way humorous, and I know it does not reflect the true heart of the actual sender, or that of our staff and volunteers.”
However, the sheriff did not share what disciplinary action was taken against the perpetrator, maintaining only that “the issue has been dealt with appropriately according to our policy and guidelines.”
In other words, McDonald has dismissed the seriousness of this issue as a simple lapse in judgment, and the employee responsible for expressing such crude sentiments is being protected by the department and facing no real consequence.
The fact that the meme was circulating throughout the department since May and has only just recently been brought to light indicates that this idea of humor is widely-shared within the department, which speaks volumes about the caliber of people we entrust in this nation to protect us.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There are some good deals to be had for last minute breaks during the school holidays this summer.
Shorefield Holidays is turning 60 - and offering £60 off family breaks to celebrate.
And Parkdean Resorts is last minute deals, starting from around £230 too.
Here are some of the best deals available for July and August.
Book as soon as possible to get the best prices.
(Image: Parkdean Resorts)
Shorefield Holidays
Shorefield Holidays was launched on July 4, 1958.
To celebrate, holidaymakers are being offered £60 off any 2018 self-catering break.
Simply use the code 'SIXTY' between Wednesday July 4 and Sunday July 8 to get your discount.
You can head to the beach in Bournemouth or Dorset or go walking and cycling in the New Forest.
Find out more here
(Image: Lynk Photography)
Parkdean Resorts
Parkdean Resorts has launched of a new programme called Outdoor ‘n' Explore, which is all about getting the kids outside and enjoying the sunshine.
Explorer-led activities include animal tracking, trekking nature trails, bird box making and nature collage.
Additionally, families can get to grips with survival skills during a Survival School session, from shelter building to fire lighting.
(Image: Parkdean Resorts)
The new programme is currently available at Ruda in Devon, White Cross Bay in the Lake District, and Sandford and Warmwell in Dorset.
Children and parents can also try their hand at archery, dodgeball, fencing, football, rounders and cricket.
Kids' clubs at all the resorts are free to attend plus there are crazy golf courses, race peddle karts and outdoor adventure play areas at most sites.
And the swimming pools offer additional pool activities like kayaking, water walkers and zorbing.
(Image: Matt Keal Photography Ltd)
Summer late deals at Parkdean Resorts include:
Ruda Holiday Park, Devon
Arriving Friday 20 July for seven nights, staying in a Torrington caravan which sleeps four to six, priced at £809.
California Cliffs Holiday Park, Norfolk
Arriving Friday 20 July for three nights, staying in a Roker caravan which sleeps four, priced at £229.
Mullion Holiday Park, Cornwall
Arriving Monday 23 July for seven nights, staying in a Sithney caravan which sleeps three, priced at £689.
(Image: Simon Burt / Parkdean)
Warmwell Holiday Park, Dorset
Arriving Friday 27 July for three nights, staying in a Wareham 1 lodge which sleeps four, priced at £409.
Camber Sands Holiday Park, Sussex
Arriving Friday 10 August for seven nights, staying in an Ebony caravan which sleeps six to eight, priced at £699.
Camarthen Bay Holiday Park, Wales
Arriving Friday 10 August for three nights, staying in a St Brides caravan which sleeps four to six, priced at £269.
Southerness Holiday Park, Scotland
Arriving Monday 27 August for three nights, staying in a Dee caravan which sleeps six to eight, priced at £269.
Find out more here or call 0330 123 4850.
There are lots of things to do in Birmingham this summer - including open air events, festivals and outdoor cinema to firework and proms.
Some events are completely free and do take a look at our general things to do with kids guide too.
Check out our summer guide throughout the summer as new events are being added all the time.
• To keep updated, like our What's On and Brummie Mummies Facebook page. You can also sign up to our weekly Brummie Mummies email newslette r
