BANGKOK – A van and a pickup collided and caught fire on a highway in eastern Thailand on Monday afternoon, killing 25 people, authorities said.
The public transit van lost control and crossed the grass median, colliding with the pickup truck going in the opposite direction Monday afternoon, according to Thai Road Accident Data for Road Safety Culture, which compiles electronic insurance reports.
Twenty-five people were killed and two survived the crash, said police Col. Dusadee Kunchorn Na Ayutthaya, superintendent of the Ban Bung district police station in Chonburi province.
“An accident like this shouldn't happen but it did,” Dusadee said. Both drivers were killed. Police were not yet able to interview the survivors but were investigating to determine what caused the crash.
Thailand has one of the highest traffic fatality rates in the world.
The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear the Centre's plea against Madras High Court order staying its lookout notice against Karti Chidambaram, son of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, and others in an alleged corruption case filed by the CBI.A bench of Chief Justice J S Khehar and Justice D Y Chandrachud said it will hear the plea on Monday itself after it finishes hearing the listed matters.Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta, appearing for the Centre, sought an urgent hearing of the plea saying that the order was passed recently and an appeal against it has been moved today itself.The Madras High Court had on August 10 stayed the 'lookout circulars' issued against Karti Chidambaram and four others by the Centre over a corruption case filed by the CBI, holding that they were prima facie "unwarranted".Besides Karti, his associates C B N Reddy, Ravi Viswanathan, Mohanan Rajesh and S Bhaskararaman had also got the interim relief.Noting that the impugned circular had been issued just a day after the notice was sent under relevant CrPC sections asking Karti to appear on June 29 for questioning, the high court had said, "this...according to this court, is prima facie unwarranted".The Foreigner Regional Registration Officer (FRRO) and the Bureau of Immigration, under the Union Home Ministry, had issued the circulars against Karti on June 16 last and against the four others on July 18.In his petition, Karti has contended that the lookout circular was part of the central government's "political vendetta" and issued "arbitrarily" without jurisdiction to prevent him from travelling abroad.He also said he had responded to the summonses issued by the CBI in connection with the case and there was "no absolute cause of action" for issuance of the circular.The case is related to alleged irregularities in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to INX Media for receiving overseas funds when Karti's father was the Union Finance Minister in 2007.CBI had claimed that the FDI proposal of the media house was "fallacious", but Chidambaram had cleared it.The FIR dated May 15 was registered before the special CBI judge in New Delhi. It was followed by searches at the residences and offices of Karti and his friends on May 16.
Britain's Prince Philip, in his role as Captain General, Royal Marines, attends a Parade to mark the finale of the 1664 Global Challenge, on the Buckingham Palace Forecourt, in central London, Britain August 2, 2017. The 96-year-old husband of...more
Britain's Prince Philip, in his role as Captain General, Royal Marines, attends a Parade to mark the finale of the 1664 Global Challenge, on the Buckingham Palace Forecourt, in central London, Britain August 2, 2017. The 96-year-old husband of Britain's Queen Elizabeth, made his final solo appearance at the official engagement on Wednesday, before retiring from active public life. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Close
The University of Alberta is celebrating the centennial of its nursing faculty.
The milestone was marked on Saturday with a Wellness Day conference featuring a series of speakers.
Such an honour to be back at my alma mater today to speak at @UAlberta's 100 Years of Nursing celebration! Thanks to all the nurses, students and instructors who dedicate their lives to keeping families healthy and safe. pic.twitter.com/Ud38bkr9Av — Danielle Larivee (@DanielleLarivee) February 3, 2018
“We've tried to bring in elements of health and wellness and movement to share with everybody the importance of and the history of nursing here in Edmonton,” Faculty of Nursing assistant dean Mary Lee Guthrie said.
Canadian fitness celebrities Hal Johnson and Joanne McLeod of Body Break fame were among the speakers.
Thank you @bodybreak for starting your keynote with something we all love – a LIVE Body Break moment! pic.twitter.com/vyn6HdDHpU Story continues below — UAlberta Nursing (@UAlbertaNursing) February 3, 2018
“Your health is your wealth — that's what we're going to talk about today,” Johnson said. “Hopefully [we will] motivate and inspire, [and] give a little bit of information and tips on how you can do that.”
“I think it's important to support nursing because they're really the foundation of the medical community,” McLeod said. “They teach about wellness, health and not only the physical, but also the mental aspect.”
In 1975, U of A became the first university in Western Canada to implement a Masters of Nuring program.
In the run-up to the release of this summer's superhero saga Wonder Woman, articles hyping the film noted that it had taken 75 years for the title character to leap from comic books to the big screen.
By comparison, Batman and Superman—the Amazon princess's male counterparts in the pages of DC Comics—became feature-film stars decades earlier. Once Wonder Woman broke big with a $100-million opening weekend, the dominant narrative surrounding the movie was an empowerment story about challenging patriarchy. That's a valid interpretation, seeing as how the success of the Patty Jenkins-helmed blockbuster represents a milestone achievement for female-directed movies. Yet the connections between Wonder Woman and other DC movies speak to a subtler but equally important narrative: We're in the age of muddled mythology.
Wonder Woman isn't just a stand-alone adventure. It's a continuation of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), in which Gal Gadot first played Wonder Woman, which means it's also a quasi-sequel to the Superman picture Man of Steel (2013). In turn, Man of Steel was a quasi-sequel to three Batman movies released between 2005 and 2012, all directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale. Oh, and Wonder Woman is a precursor to this fall's Justice League, which features the warrior maiden alongside other DC characters.
But wait—there's more! The title character in Jenkins's Wonder Woman is not the same individual played by Lynda Carter in the 1970s TV series of the same name, or the same individual featured in comics published from the 1940s to the present, because each time the character gets transposed from one medium to the next, a new continuity is created. This aligns with the fact that the current live-action Batman, played by Ben Affleck, isn't the same individual as Bale's Batman, or the Caped Crusader voiced by Will Arnett in Lego-branded animated features, or Michael Keaton's Batman of the '80s and '90s—who presumably was the same as George Clooney's and Val Kilmer's Dark Knights of the same era—or Adam West's Batman of the '60s, much less the original comic-book Batman created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger in 1939. Except they're all the same guy. In a manner of speaking.
You begin to see the problem. By endlessly repurposing the same brands—because, to a certain degree, these aren't even characters anymore—Hollywood dilutes the purity that made the brands (formerly characters) interesting in the first place. Worse, when Hollywood filmmakers endeavor to weave intricate connections between installments—and especially when they fail in that effort—storytelling becomes hopelessly convoluted.
Why is any of this worth contemplating? Because escapist fantasies are myths—and myths matter. Generated with respect for the audience, mythical stories dramatize high ideals. Generated with carelessness or cynicism, these stories devolve into pointless spectacles, and they degrade what came before. For example, much as we might wish it so, we cannot un-see Jar Jar Binks, so even though the presence of that racially offensive character in the Star Wars franchise does not erase the many wonderful things the franchise contains, his presence cheapens the Star Wars brand in general. The same is true of movie-to-movie logic problems. When cinematic mythology gets muddled, anyone who has ever thrilled to this type of movie story suffers, because the art of telling such stories—and the joy of watching them—becomes just a little bit less special.
To see this phenomenon in action, one need only revisit the recent history of the Alien franchise.
Back to the Egg
The millions of fans who encountered Ridley Scott's sci-fi/horror masterpiece Alien during its original run in 1979 were stunned by the so-called “chestburster” scene, during which an infant space creature explodes from the torso of a character played by John Hurt. Taken in context of the entire film, it wasn't just the horrific gore of the “chestburster” scene that lodged the moment in our collective memory. Of commensurate significance was the imaginative power of the moment, conveying a spectacular stage in the life cycle of an extraterrestrial monster—a component of its mythology. Woven into that mythology were many fascinating ambiguities. To name just one, fans spent decades trying to decode the “Space Jockey,” a giant-sized extraterrestrial whose corpse appears in one sequence.
Nonetheless, it was with great trepidation that the faithful approached Prometheus (2012), the first installment of an Alien prequel series. A lot had happened since Scott cracked Hurt's rib cage. James Cameron made an amazing sequel, Aliens (1986), but the series took a turn with David Fincher's Alien3 (1992) and Jean-Pierre Jeunet's Alien: Resurrection (1997). Then came two Alien vs. Predator monster mashes. By the time Prometheus arrived, even the prospect of Scott's return to the director's chair was cause for only cautious optimism. Prometheus failed to vault that low bar, presenting a murky story about interstellar giants (kin to the “Space Jockey”) creating some sort of globular matter that evolves into the baseline DNA of the monster from the 1979 movie, an ancestor of which appears in the final frames of Prometheus.
Matters grew even more convoluted with Alien: Covenant, released earlier this year. While it's a more enjoyable movie than Prometheus, heavier on thrills and lighter on impenetrable world-building, the prequel/sequel violates many rules established by the 1979 film. In the original picture, the title creature begins life inside an egg. Upon exposure to a human host, the egg splits open and spews a “facehugger,” which affixes to the host's skull and pushes a fetus down the host's throat. Several days later, the “facehugger” dies. Some time after that, the fetus exits its host—hello, chestburster!—as a teensy skittering alien. Subsequently, the creature kills, presumably absorbing biomass from its victims, and sheds skins through numerous evolutions until becoming an eight-foot-tall nightmare.
These rules were honored, more or less, until Alien: Covenant, in which alien DNA manifests as microscopic particles that enter human hosts through various orifices. Then, without benefit of the gestation period previously enshrined within the franchise's mythology, chestbursting occurs hours after insemination, only the resulting alien is much more mature, in terms of physical development, than we've previously seen. The evolution continues at this inexplicably rapid pace, with monsters quickly achieving adult proportions.
And that's not all. In Alien: Covenant, a robot named David (Michael Fassbender) performs genetic experiments on aliens, essentially becoming the author of the life cycle first depicted in the 1979 film. Except the cycle had already been demonstrated, in cruder form, during Prometheus. Complicating matters further is the ending of Alien: Covenant, which twists franchise mythology even more by presenting David as a sort of outer-space Noah, carrying an Ark of alien breeding stock into the celestial unknown.
Beyond pointlessly violating “rules,” these prequels have the unfortunate effect of diminishing the very films that inspired the prequels. The franchise's original heroine, Ellen Ripley (Sigourney Weaver), killed one creature in the first film and nuked a whole colony of them in the second. Yet the circumstances of the second picture were a logical outgrowth of the circumstances in the first. At the end of Alien: Covenant, we're left with the impression that David plans to populate the universe with multiple colonies of monsters. Seen in that light, Ripley's triumph over a single alien in the 1979 film seems inconsequential, and even her larger-scale victory in the 1986 follow-up is potentially a stopgap measure.
The end result of all of this nonsense is that in trying to “solve” the mysteries of the original film—which never needed solving, because they were so much more enjoyable as provocative enigmas—the overlords of the franchise created an absurd knot of pretzel logic.
John Starks | Staff Photographer
Harvest Christian's Brennen Woods and Jack Nohava battle for a rebound against Westminster Christian's Caleb Thomas and JJ Flores Tuesday in Elgin.
Officials are rushing to repair the spillways at the Oroville Dam in Northern California and lower the water level in Lake Oroville before rain arrives later this week. Officials are concerned that damage to an emergency spillway could dump large amounts of water into the Feather River, which runs through downtown Oroville.
New parents have a sharp learning curve, getting the hang of operating on little to no sleep, feedings, diaper changes, and much more. But in today's world with social media a near prerequisite for proper parenthood, they have to learn about something else too: shaming. Fans are shaming Zach and Tori Roloff for a family photo that shows their new baby Jackson sitting on a riding lawn mower with his dad. Concerns over the safety of the child apparently led them to share their wisdom in the comments section, but Tori was quick to respond to her critics.
Zach and Tori welcomed their little boy on May 12, 2017, and have been enjoying their new lives as parents ever since. They opened up to People about the adjustment and how they were faring in the early days. “We knew we were leaving our previous life behind, but we were okay with that,” Zach told the magazine. “We're not doing things on our schedule anymore. We're on Jackson time!” Jackson time, among other things, meant getting around four hours of sleep per night and Tori nursing at a rate of 11 times a day.
Their sleep schedule wasn't the only thing that changed with parenthood though. Even when not appearing on Little People, Big World, the Roloffs are well in the public eye — especially as parents. Tori certainly learned that when she posted a few family photos to Instagram of baby Jackson playing around the farm. She captioned the photos, “It's everything you ever want. It's everything you ever need. And it's here right in front of you. This is where you want to be.” But fans focused on the first photo more than anything else, expressing their alarm that Zach would hold Jackson while on a riding lawn mower.
Several of Tori's followers left comments shaming the parents for allowing Jackson on the mower. One such user wrote:
No one should ever ride a child on a mower whether the blades are running or not. This is so dangerous. I'm not a hater. I think Zack's family is sweet. Please rethink the mowers rides.
Another echoed these sentiments, saying:
Do you realize how dangerous that is, there have been multiple cases of children falling off, just by a simple bump, and the child has lost limbs of [sic] not death. Please think and act to keep the child whole and alive please.
The comments were enough to lead Tori to edit her caption for the photos, according to Café Mom, adding the disclaimer: "GUYS. THE MOWER WASN'T ON." But Jackson's location wasn't the only thing that users felt the need to comment on. There was also the issue of Jackson being dressed in nothing but a pair of overalls and a shirt. "Looks like Zach is nice & warm! Poor Jackson no shoes no jacket!!" one person said. Ugh.
Fortunately, not everyone was so quick to judge. Some of her followers even jumped to her defense. One user said, "Lol!!! @toriroloff what would you do without all this "help?" I'm sure photo comments are where you come for parenting advice. Lordy." Another commented on how ridiculous people were for thinking that a mom would purposefully endanger her child:
Obviously, people, she is not going to endanger her child on a moving mower! It was a still shot! Don't be so quick to jump to conclusions! It is an adorable photo, as are all the rest!
These photos are not proof that Zach and Tori aren't looking out for their little one — quite the opposite. Following the initial hurdles that come with infancy, it looks like their family is happy and flourishing. Whether or not they choose to showcase that joy on a riding lawn mower is no one's business but their own.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
RCMP say five men in New Brunswick, believed to be members of outlaw motorcycle gangs, have been arrested as part of a lengthy drug trafficking investigation.
The RCMP New Brunswick Federal and Serious Organized Crime Unit made the arrests in various locations in northern New Brunswick on Tuesday.
READ MORE: Police in Quebec make several dozen Hells Angels-related arrests
According to police, the investigation into cocaine trafficking on the Acadian Peninsula and Restigouche, Madawaska and Victoria counties started in November 2016.
Investigators determined the drugs were linked back to the Hells Angels in Quebec, but said those arrested are not members of the Hells Angels. They are, however, believed to be linked to other outlaw motorcycle gangs in New Brunswick and Quebec.
“Outlaw motorcycle groups are a priority for the RCMP. We continue to monitor outlaw motorcycle gangs' interest in expanding any operation and their criminal activity,” said Cpl. Jullie Rogers-Marsh in a news release.
“As a result of this priority, we were able to make arrests related to drug trafficking in New Brunswick.”
Four of the men arrested are from Allardville, N.B. and the fifth is from Évangéline, N.B. They range in age from 40 to 58.
READ MORE: Halifax police say Hells Angels member and 2 others face multiple charges after drug raid
They are scheduled to appear in Bathurst Provincial Court on Wednesday morning.
The New Brunswick investigation took place at the same time Sûreté du Québec were conducting their own investigation into outlaw motorcycle groups. RCMP says the two investigations were separate, but they did have some information in common.
U.S. President Donald Trump says the trade relationship with Canada will only be "tweaked." The trouble is a little tweak in America can be a powerful thump in Canada.
The pleasure-pain imbalance is so severe that sometimes the Americans don't even realize it hurts.
The statistics prove it. Only 18 per cent of America's foreign trade comes to Canada. Fully 76 per cent of Canada's goes to the U.S.
So, it's best not to get too euphoric over Monday's White House meeting between Trump and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. Genuinely encouraging as it was, real problems lie behind the friendly language.
Interim Conservative leader Rona Ambrose pointed out the Americans have major grievances with our beef imports and supply management in several areas of agriculture. There's also softwood lumber (that old thing).
Ambrose worries that Trump's aggressive deregulation and low-tax policy could make Canada uncompetitive. In that case, we could lose even if trade rules are untouched.
But she also had a kind word for Trudeau: "I've been on the record about some of the things Donald Trump has said about women."
"But this is a delicate situation here. I don't think it's going to help anyone in this country if the prime minister went to Washington and started a fight with the president."
Trudeau certainly didn't. His diplomatic performance, I thought, was masterful.
He didn't fawn over Trump, reach for his hand, look for an Obama style back-slap. The PM gave Trump no chance to offer a dismissive gesture. He kept a dignified emotional distance without being disrespectful.
Trudeau did a lot better, on balance, than British Prime Minister Theresa May, who almost started an uprising at home by casually inviting Trump for a visit.
Patrick Gossage, who was Pierre Trudeau's press secretary in the 1970s and 1980s, said, "(Justin) Trudeau's far too smart to have raised anything that would have annoyed Trump."
"He's well brought-up -- unlike his father, who would raise things with (Ronald) Reagan from time to time that Reagan did not like at all," Gossage told the CBC.
Reagan, who served as president from 1981 to 1989, once said after Trudeau urged him to press detente with Eastern Europe: "Damn it, Pierre, what do you want me to do?"
Trudeau needled earlier President Richard Nixon so artfully Nixon called him, in tapes released later, a "son of a bitch" and an "asshole." Trudeau rejoined: "I've been called worse things by better people."
NAFTA did not yet exist then. Now, trade is so vital that Justin Trudeau's key goal must be to protect it.
Both leaders made a great deal of the special relationship. If anything, Trump was more gracious than Trudeau. The president had no complaints about border security, trade irritants, or Canadian attitudes toward his many pronouncements.
He said to Trudeau, "On behalf of our country, it's an honour to be with you." At a joint press conference he called Canada "our great friend, neighbour and ally."
An event with female leaders, including TransAlta CEO Dawn Farrell, coincided with the announcement of a United States-Canada Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders.
The four-page communique summing up the day is a symphony of mutual support on trade, energy, border security, international alliances (including NATO and NORAD), the fight against ISIS and much more.
Most promising of all was the civil, respectful, bluster-free greeting Trump extended to both Trudeau and Canada.
May these blessings endure.
dbraid@postmedia.com
PARIS: Cybersecurity in the context of the upcoming presidential election will be on the agenda at the government's next weekly security council meeting, a statement from President Francois Hollande's office said on Wednesday.
"The President wants to see presented to him at the next council meeting some specific monitoring and protection measures, including in the cyber domain, to be taken during the election campaign," said the statement.
The statement was issued after this week's meeting of the council, which oversees general security and anti-terror efforts.
France goes to the polls to elect a new president on April 23.
This week, frontrunner Emmanuel Macron's team complained it was the victim of Russian media and internet attacks aimed at helping the election campaigns of his pro-Moscow rivals. The Russian Kremlin denied those charges.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
PARIS — Eighteen climate scientists from the U.S. and elsewhere hit the jackpot Monday as French President Emmanuel Macron awarded them millions of euros in grants to relocate to France for the rest of Donald Trump's presidential term.
The “Make Our Planet Great Again” grants — a nod to Trump's “Make America Great Again” campaign slogan — are part of Macron's efforts to counter Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a contest for the projects in June, hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord.
More than 5,000 people from about 100 countries expressed interest in the grants. A majority of the applicants — and 13 of the 18 winners — were U.S.-based researchers.
Macron's appeal “gave me such a psychological boost, to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do,” said winner Camille Parmesan, of the University of Texas at Austin. She will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees on how human-made climate change is affecting wildlife.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan described funding challenges for climate science in the U.S. and a feeling that “you are having to hide what you do.”
Trump has expressed skepticism about global warming and said the Paris accord would hurt U.S. business by requiring a reduction in climate-damaging emissions.
“We will be there to replace” U.S. financing of climate research, Macron told the winners in Paris on Monday.
“If we want to prepare for the changes of tomorrow, we need science,” he said, promising to put in place a global climate change monitoring system among other climate innovations.
The research of the winning recipients focuses on pollution, hurricanes and clouds. A new round of the competition will be launched next year, alongside Germany. About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with $70 million from the state and French research institutes.
Initially aimed at American researchers, the research grants were expanded to other non-French climate scientists, according to organizers. Candidates need to be known for working on climate issues, have completed a thesis and propose a project that would take between three to five years.
The time frame would cover Trump's current presidential term.
Some French researchers have complained that Macron is showering money on foreign scientists at a time when they have been pleading for more support for domestic higher education.
Macron unveiled the first winners at a startup incubator in Paris called Station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech companies announced projects to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions.
Monday's event is a prelude to a bigger climate summit Tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the Paris accord and finding new funding to help governments and businesses meet its goals.
More than 50 world leaders are expected in Paris for the “One Planet Summit,” co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. Trump was not invited.
Other attendees include Arnold Schwarzenegger, who took a spin on a Parisian electric bike Monday to call attention to health problems caused by pollution.
The Hollywood star and former California governor argued that Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord doesn't matter, because companies, scientists and other governments can “pick up the slack” to reduce global emissions.
President Macron sat down with “CBS Evening News” anchor Jeff Glor for his only American network television interview ahead of the One Planet Summit. The interview will be broadcast Monday night on the broadcast, which airs from 6:30-7 p.m. ET on the CBS Television Network. The “CBS Evening News with Jeff Glor” will also originate from Paris on Monday, with Glor anchoring from Élysée Palace.
The interview will also be featured Monday across CBSN, CBS News' 24/7 streaming news service, and on CBSNews.com. More of the interview will be broadcast Tuesday on “CBS This Morning” (7-9 a.m. ET).
17:34(IST)
That's it, its all over for the day here. SL 19/1 after being forced to follow-on here. A rather poor day for the hosts again, SL lose seven wickets for 93 runs in the final session here. India need just 9 more wickets for a victory here. This match might well be over within three days.! Do join us for all the live action tomorrow!
Elsie J. Helme, 82, of Middletown died on Jan. 13. She was born in Spotswood on Sept. 19, 1935 and lived in Middletown. Prior to retirement, Elsie worked as a biologist and department head for Schering Plough Pharmaceutical of Kenilworth for 31years. Elsie was the youngest head of the toxicology department. She was a member of Christ Episcopal Church Middletown where she served as a warden, vestry member, Sunday school teacher, and bell ringer. Elsie and her friend Rosemary started and ran for many years the “Net Results Foundation,” a tennis training foundation for underprivileged children in the Middletown and Red Bank area, helping many to receive college scholarships. The United States Tennis Association honored the team of Elsie and Rosemary for their vision and work in 1991.
Surviving are her lifelong friend, Rosemary Darben of Middletown; and a host of friends and relatives. Elsie was preceded in death by her parents, Myron and Elsie Helme.
Visitation was held Jan. 20 at Christ Episcopal Church, Middletown. A funeral service was held that same day at the church. For more information or to send condolences, please visit flegerfh.com.
QUETTA, Pakistan: Pakistan began a special five-day polio immunization campaign in the southwestern city of Quetta on Monday for children under five after a rare strain of the virus was found in sewage samples, officials said.
Local officials said they had recruited Muslim clerics to promote the immunizations for 400,000 children after past programs were met with resistance and even violence by extremists.
"The religious leaders were ... asking the people to give their children anti-polio drops in their sermons in the mosques in rural areas of Baluchistan," said Syed Faisal Ahmed, coordinator of the local Emergency Operation Centre.
Pakistan is one of just three countries in the world, along with Afghanistan and Nigeria, that have endemic polio, a once-common childhood virus that can cause paralysis or death.
Last year, Pakistan reported a record low of 19 cases, Ahmed said, with only one of them in Baluchistan province, of which Quetta is the capital.
The new campaign follows the detection of the rare Type 2 strain of polio in sewage samples taken by the World Health Organization in November, Ahmed said. The WHO reported the findings last week.
No cases of the Type 2 strain have been reported in humans in Quetta but it has been added to the vaccine as a precaution. The more common type of polio is Type 1, with no human cases of Type 2 reported for more than a decade.
"We have achieved major goals in combating polio disease, but still we have to strive more to declare Pakistan a polio-free country," Ahmed said.
Immunization efforts have in the past been hampered by Islamist militants. Last January, a suicide bomber killed 15 people outside a vaccination center in Quetta in an attack claimed by the Pakistani Taliban and another militant group, Jundullah.
Militants in Pakistan have previously alleged the immunization campaigns are a cover for Western spies.
The doctor believed to have helped the CIA track down the deceased al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden - architect of the 2001 attacks on the United States - has been accused of using a fake vaccination campaign to collect DNA samples.
Bin Laden was killed in a covert raid by U.S. special forces in 2011 in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad, where he was living, straining ties between the U.S. and Pakistan.
Pakistan sentenced him in 2012 to 33 years in jail on charges of belonging to militant group Lashkar-e-Islam, which he denies. That sentence was overturned but he remains in jail charged with murder relating to the death of a patient.
(Writing by Kay Johnson; editing by Richard Lough)
The May/June issue of QEX, ARRL's bimonthly magazine for experimenters, is off the press and in the mail!
In this issue . . .
Michael Knitter, DG5MK, describes a complex-impedance analyzer that uses a heterodyning technique and high resolution ADCs to get good accuracy at low cost.
Robert H. Sternowski, WBØLBI, uncovers old measurements, which show that vertically and horizontally polarized noise can differ by tens of decibels in the lower HF bands.
Paulo Renato F. Ferreira, PY3PR, updates the Octopus V/I curve tracer by providing selectable scanning voltages for testing.
Maynard A. Wright, W6PAP, provides Octave software for computing the performance of transmission lines having a complex characteristic impedance.
Riccardo Gionetti, IØFDH, describes an automatic tracking filter for a DDS generator.
Euclides Lourenço Chuma, PY2EAJ, describes a modern RF power meter with accuracy that rivals the best commercial RF power meters.
Not a QEX subscriber? Sign up today at https://www.arrl.org/qex-subscription-form. You can also read a free sample article from this issue at http://www.arrl.org/this-month-in-qex.
NEW YORK: Health insurer Cigna said on Tuesday (Feb 14) it filed suit against Anthem claiming billions of dollars in breakup fees and damages after a federal court blocked their proposed merger on antitrust concerns.
Cigna said it filed suit against Anthem demanding a US$1.85 billion break-up fee, plus more than US$13 billion in additional damages following the Feb 8 US court decision blocking the proposed US$50 billion merger.
Anthem rejected the claim, calling Cigna's "purported" termination of the deal "invalid."
The back-and-forth came hours after two other insurers, Aetna and Humana, formally abandoned their own merger plan following a similarly unfavourable antitrust ruling last month.
Both proposed mergers were blocked by federal judges, who agreed with Justice Department antitrust regulators that reducing the number of major US insurers from five to three could harm consumers.
The judicial crackdown comes as Congress moves to revise former president Barack Obama's Affordable Car Act, known as Obamacare, partly due to concerns about the lack of choice for consumers seeking health insurance plans.
Cigna said it was disappointed in the outcome, but that it had met its obligations under its agreement with Anthem.
"Anthem contracted for and assumed full responsibility to lead the federal and state regulatory approval process, as well as the litigation strategy, under the merger agreement," Cigna said in a press release.
"Cigna fulfilled all of its contractual obligations and Anthem throughout the fully cooperated with approval process."
An Anthem spokeswoman said the company extended the merger agreement through Apr 30, meaning "Cigna does not have a right to terminate the agreement."
"Anthem will continue to enforce its rights under the Merger Agreement and remains committed to closing the transaction," Anthem said.
Earlier Tuesday, Aetna and Humana each released statements saying they mutually agreed to end their merger agreement and that Aetna would pay Humana a US$1 billion break-up fee as set by the agreement.
Shares of Cigna rose 0.6 per cent, while Anthem dropped 0.4 per cent. Aetna jumped 3.2 per cent and Humana dipped 0.3 per cent.
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, Zachary Cruz, center, leaves the courtroom after his brother's arraignment, March 14, 2018. The Broward Sheriff's Office arrested Zachary Cruz March 19, and charged him with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the scene of last month's mass shooting by his brother Nikolas. Wilfredo Lee AP
Quantum mechanics describes how matter behaves on the smallest mass and length scales. However, the absence of quantum phenomena in our daily lives has triggered a search for minimal modifications of quantum mechanics, which might only be noticeable for massive particles. One candidate is to search for so-called higher-order interference. In standard quantum mechanics, the interference pattern resulting from an arbitrary number of non-interacting open paths can always be described by all combinations of pairs of paths. Any remaining pattern would be due to higher-order interference and be a possible indicator for new physics.
While this rule has been tested before with light and microwave radiation, researchers at the Universities of Vienna and Tel Aviv have now run for the first time a dedicated experiment with massive molecules. “The idea has been known for more than twenty years. But only now do we have the technological means to bring all the components together and build an experiment capable of testing it with massive molecules,” says Christian Brand, one of the authors of the study.
Multi-slit matter wave diffraction
In their experiments at the University of Vienna, researchers of the Quantum Nanophysics Group headed by Markus Arndt prepared complex organic molecules as matter waves. This was achieved by evaporating them from a micron-sized spot in high vacuum and letting them evolve freely for some time. After a while, each molecule delocalized, spreading across many places at once. This means that when each molecule encounters a mask containing multiple slits, it can traverse many of the slits in parallel. By carefully comparing the position of molecules arriving at the detector behind a combination of single-, double- and triple slits they were able to place bounds on any multipath contribution.
Nanofabrication enabling technology
A crucial component of the experiment is the mask – an ultra-thin membrane into which arrays of single-, double- and triple-slits were fabricated. It was designed and fabricated by Yigal Lilach and Ori Cheshnovsky at Tel Aviv University. They had to engineer a diffraction mask, where the maximum deviation in the slit dimensions was not much larger than the size of the molecules it was diffracting. The mask was integrated in the Vienna laboratory and the researchers studied a broad range of molecular velocities in the same experimental run. For all of them, the scientists found the interference pattern to follow the expectations of standard quantum mechanics with an upper bound in the deviation of less than one particle in a hundred. “This is the first time an explicit test of this kind has been conducted with massive particles”, says Joseph Cotter, the first author of this publication. “Previous tests have pushed the frontiers with single photons and microwaves. In our experiment, we put bounds on higher-order interference of massive objects.”
By Onyango Ochieng Jnr
When the majority of those arrested are junior officers like stores clerks, storemen, accounts clerk, accountants and auditors; these are junior officers whose job is to prepare paper work for their bosses.
For auditors, there work comes after payments have been done, basically after funds have been looted, why then include them (auditors) in the list? ODPP should instead use the auditors to strengthen their case. ODPP must know that its not the quantity or number of cases prosecuted BUT the convictions realized after the trials.
There is no way anybody(group of persons) can steal 9 billion from ministry or a state arm without getting serious coverup from the highest office on land. The president receives intelligence reports daily and illegal movement of such amounts from govt is outright felony.
Uhuru has been carrying a begging bowl-like Oliver Twist- to western capitals begging for 2 billion here, 3 billion there, 4 billion which you can't tell me when collated together, a common Kenyan will just steal like petty thief snatching a phone on Tom Mboya street.
How do you even move such an amount without the attention of CBK, NIS & DCI! What we are seeing is just a drama festival, truth is to successfully even execute a normal bank robbery, you will need the blessings of the local police to succeed, even thieves in estate need the blessing of the local police to carry out their wickedness.
Uhuru and Ruto owe this nation a serious explanation. It's either one of them is complicit, or both, or they are simply taking this country for a ride. Something is seriously not adding up, these thieves have a very senior godfather up there assuring them of their safety. In my thinking, these are not even thieves but footsoldiers earning commission from their unpatriotic masters. But maybe I'm wrong!
REUTERS: JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce firm, posted a wider net loss in the second quarter as marketing costs offset higher-than-forecast revenue growth, sending its shares sharply lower on Monday.
China's main rival to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said its net loss attributable to shareholders grew to 496.4 million yuan (US$74 million) from 252.3 million a year earlier.
JD.com stock was down 5.1 percent in morning trading in New York, despite revenue expanding 43.6 percent to 93.2 billion yuan, well above its forecast range of between 88 billion and 90.5 billion.
Marketing expenses rose 63 percent to 4.1 billion yuan, mostly due to the company's June sale event, "618", which is China's second-largest online shopping event after Singles' Day.
"It is becoming the new normal for sure ... marketing dollars mostly are spent on incentive to our customers", said CFO Sidney Huang on a call with investors, noting the group would have netted a profit in the past quarter if it had kept marketing budgets in line with last year.
JD is looking to expand via investments in southeast Asia as competition intensifies at home while customer growth slows. It is also seeking to boost per-customer spend in China by bringing more overseas brands on to its local platforms.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In June JD said it intends to begin direct sales in Thailand before year end and has plans to tap other markets in the region. It expanded a partnership with Wal-Mart Stores Inc during the second quarter and invested US$397 million in fashion retailer Farfetch UK Ltd.
Huang also said the firm has plans to launch a luxury platform later this year, following the launch of JD.com's "white glove" delivery service earlier this year.
The firm expects third-quarter revenue of between 81.8 billion yuan and 84.2 billion, up 36 to 40 percent from the same quarter in 2016.
JD also said it had completed the spin-off of JD Finance, which analysts expect will have long-term benefits for its operating margin. JD Finance is now a fully Chinese-owned entity, giving it greater regulatory freedom.
JD.com also completed the internal separation of its logistics unit, which will look to serve more third-party clients.
The total value of merchandise transactions on JD's platforms was 234.8 billion yuan during the quarter, up 46 percent.
JD booked a net loss of 0.35 yuan per American depository share, compared with a loss of 0.18 yuan a year earlier.
(US$1 = 6.6695 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Cate Cadell in Beijing and Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Christopher Cushing and David Holmes)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Twelve people were injured when a corrosive substance was sprayed inside a packed London nightclub, police and fire services said, amid a sharp rise in acid attacks in Britain's capital, AFP reports.
Two of the victims, both men in their twenties, are in a "serious but stable condition" and 10 others suffered "minor injuries", police said in a statement.
A London Fire Brigade spokesman told AFP an "unknown corrosive substance" was thrown in Mangle, a club in east London, in the early hours of Monday, April 17.
It was identified as "an acidic substance" from testing, he said, adding that there were around 600 people in the club at the time.
Police said the incident was not believed to be terrorism or gang related but the result of a dispute between two groups of people in the club.
They said the fight led to "a noxious substance being sprayed by a male suspect directly at Victims 1 and 2" -- the two men with the more serious injuries.
"Other people inside the venue suffered the effects of the substance," the statement said, adding that no arrests have been made and appealing for witnesses.
The streets around the club have been closed to traffic as the investigation continues.
London has seen a sharp rise in acid attacks in London in recent years.
There were more than 1,800 reports of attacks involving corrosive fluids in London since 2010, according to police data cited by the BBC last month.
In 2016, corrosive fluids were used in 454 crimes, compared to 261 in 2015.
Submitted by Grays Harbor Community Hospital In October 2016, Grays Harbor Community Hospital (GHCH) entered into a trial relationship with CipherHealth, a healthcare technology company committed to improving patient outcomes and experiences through enhanced communication and care team coordination. Over this time period nurses and other hospital staff were trained on new methods to support […]
The post Grays Harbor Community Hospital Contract with CipherHealth for Expanded Patient Services appeared first on GraysHarborTalk.
Comments
Pointless star Richard Osman has said he hopes the BBC quiz show continues for many years, but that he understands there is a "shelf life" for most television programmes.
The TV producer and quiz show aficionado said he is "naturally pessimistic" and fears the popular show will run its course.
Along with presenter Alexander Armstrong, Osman has helmed the tricky teatime quiz show since 2009, and they have so far filmed more than 1,000 episodes of its original version and spin-off Pointless Celebrities.
Asked if he hopes the programme continues for many years, Osman told the Press Association: "I hope so, my day job is a producer so I know what the shelf life of TV shows are.
"I've worked on so many over the years, and most of them don't go on for as long as Pointless - we've done a lot.
"And so I'm always on the lookout for when it's going to end, because I'm naturally pessimistic, and Xander is naturally optimistic."
He said he and his co-star "always said if it comes off-air it won't be because of us, we'll do it forever because we're so grateful to it, and we love it".
Osman, who co-created the show and is the creative director of its production company Endemol UK, added: "I'm aware it's television and at some point, you have to ring the changes and you have to think of something new and one day they will, I know that - but we're about to film another 200 shows!"
Osman has also said that he hopes his new book The World Cup Of Everything - in which he prompts people to debate about things such as the best crisps, biscuits, animals and sitcoms - has people arguing about trivial topics, rather than subjects such as Brexit.
Based on his Twitter World Cup polls, one of the most popular of which was the World Cup of Biscuits for Comic Relief earlier this year, the book encourages readers to whittle down different items in a World Cup-style league table.
He joked that it could cause serious tension among families and friends as they battle it out over their favourite things, and that he is expecting lots of angry responses on Twitter.
Osman said: "It's going to get crazy. But this is the way I look at it - with your family, you're going to argue with them anyway... you're going to argue about something.
"You're either going to argue about Brexit or the fact your dad doesn't like your boyfriend... or you could argue whether Monster Munch pickled onion are the best crisps.
"I'm essentially taking the flak away from the normal arguments you have with your family and putting them somewhere else."
He said: "I know on Boxing Day my Twitter feed is going to be full of people saying 'how dare you?' or saying 'why is this up against that?' - it'll be carnage.
"But that means people are enjoying it and that's really the point of it. People love this sort of outrage they're allowed to have."
Osman added he is still surprised at how much attention his World Cup polls receive on Twitter, but that he is pleased to have tapped into the nation's psyche.
He said the popularity of the polls enables him to raise money for charity Child's i Foundation, which helps displaced children in Uganda.
Roseanne Barr has always been a controversial figure, from her class to her weight to her political ideas. Her look has also changed as fast as the whirlwind controversies that surround her.
Getty Images
Global brands and local businesses came together at VentureFest Tees Valley.
The event, held at Wynyard Hall, attracted more than 400 delegates.
I hope the message delegates take away is it doesn't matter what sector you're working in, we can all learn from each other's successes and failures. Mark Chapman
The keynote speech came from Mark Chapman, Engineering Director of The Bloodhound Project, which aims to set a new land speed record of 1,000mph.
He encouraged the audience to question everything, take part in open innovation projects and adopt new ideas from other sectors.
“Bloodhound is a truly collaborative project that constantly tests, and causes us to rethink, the approach we're taking to reach our goal of building the ultimate jet and rocket powered car,” he said.
“We've taken the best tools and ideas from the automotive and aerospace industries and showcased them in this supersonic car.
“Because Bloodhound is bespoke and pushing technology to the known limits, there's real opportunity for the innovations we're demonstrating to be reapplied in commercial sectors.
“I hope the message delegates take away is it doesn't matter what sector you're working in, we can all learn from each other's successes and failures.”
VentureFest director Simon Green said: “Our speakers have provided an inspirational backdrop against which we hope many new connections and conversations were started. We're very much looking forward to hearing about some of the success to come from VentureFest Tees Valley.”
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Editor:
We would like to extend an invitation to the residents of South Wilkes-Barre to attend the next South Wilkes-Barre Residents Association meeting being held at 7 p.m., today at the Firwood United Methodist Church, 399 Old River Road, Wilkes-Barre.
Our intention is to schedule guest speakers who provide key information on various community topics at these meetings. Last month we were fortunate to have Joe Rodano from Wilkes-Barre City. Mr. Rodano discussed how the city addresses blighted properties with those in attendance.
The guest speaker for today's meeting will be Luzerne County District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis. Refreshments will be served and as always, we are expecting a lively discussion. Our goal is to work together as a community to improve the safety, cleanliness and quality of life in our neighborhoods.
George Brown
Wilkes-Barre
KARACHI - Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX) ended trading week with strong recovery on Friday as the benchmark KSE 100-index rallied by 844 points and closed at 41,312 points.
The index opened higher and continued on an upward trajectory, brokers said. Dealers said market came under the political hammer yet again as the benchmark KSE 100-index lost 1,948 points (down 4.6%) during the first three days of the week, however spurt of positive sectors-related news flows helped the index gain 844 points (up 2.1%) on Friday, injecting money across the board with cement, auto and bank stocks driving the index forward.
Traded volume slightly declined to 147m shares compared to 150m shares of the previous day while traded value stood at Rs8.6b.
The cement sector outperformed all others with respect to traded volumes with 31.2m shares traded. Volumes were led by TRG Pak Ltd with 10.2m shares traded and Maple Leaf with 9.1m shares traded.
Scrips of total 386 active companies were traded in the session of which 288 closed in advance, 78 in decline while 20 remained unchanged.
The other night my husband and I were sharing our excitement about the news that one of our good friends is pregnant and Dan said, "There is just something so specifically amazing about a woman who is carrying a child." And, first, I was like, OK, you are pretty awesome and I will keep you. But then I couldn't help but agree a gajillion times over. After all, there really is something so uniquely incredible about pregnancy and that's why it's pretty freaking sweet to see these celebrity dads helping their pregnant partners.
Whether it's making sure her cravings are met with an ice cream sundae date, helping her to keep a good sense of humor about pregnancy mishaps, or holding her hand every step of the way during more difficult pregnancy moments, like IVF treatments, there's one thing for sure: these celebs have some pretty awesome partners at their sides.
After all, pregnancy is amazing and hard — and sometimes amazingly hard. Having the right person at your side can surely make it all more exciting and, sometimes, more tolerable. Of course, if you are going through that phase where you hate everything about your significant other, then the most supportive thing they can do is simply step aside.
And that's pretty awesome, too.
1 Tristan Thompson & Khloe Kardashian khloekardashian on Instagram It's hard to miss a partner who treats their pregnant lady like the goddess she is and Tristan Thompson is no exception. Khloe Kardashian, who revealed in December she and Thompson are expecting their first child together, captioned her Instagram pregnancy announcement with this sentiment: "Tristan, thank you for loving me the way that you do! Thank you for treating me like a Queen! Thank you for making me feel beautiful at all stages! Tristan, most of all, Thank you for making me a MOMMY!!! You have made this experience even more magical than I could have envisioned! I will never forget how wonderful you've been to me during this time!"
3 Macklemore & Tricia Davis baba_g on Instagram Tricia Davis captioned this Instagram photo of hubby Mackelmore and their daughter: "When you're stressed and too busy with work and your husband takes your daughter to her first M's game so you can breathe #1DAD#badtothebone#edgar#1995forever." Because a partner who gives a mama room to breathe is, well, golden. The couple revealed in September that they are pregnant with their second child, according to E!
4 John Legend & Chrissy Teigen chrissyteigen on Instagram Teigen is no stranger to giving followers an inside look at her life, but it turns out Legend, too, has some thoughts about their struggle with infertility. "You want to feel like everything's working properly and want everything to be perfect, but sometimes it's not," Legend said in a 2017 Cosmopolitan interview. And what's more reassuring during pregnancy — and life — than a partner who's in touch with his emotions? The couple's baby boy will join 21-month-old Luna this spring.
5 Evan Bass & Carly Waddell carlywad on Instagram Every pregnant mama needs a partner who makes her laugh during even the most embarrassing pregnancy moments. Waddell captioned this photo: "It's all fun and games until your zipper breaks and your husband has to cut you out of your maternity dress....." The Bachelor in Paradise alums announced in August that they are expecting their first child together, just two months after they wed in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, according to People.
6 Dale Earnhardt Jr. & Amy Earnhardt mrsamyearnhardt on Instagram A few cold ones for him and an ice cream sundae for her? Sounds like the perfect date night for a pregnant mama who needs to squash a few cravings. Amy Earnhardt captioned this Instagram photo: "Living our best life" and, really, I think most women would agree — pregnant or not. In October, the couple announced they are expecting their first child, a girl.
A worker checks gold granulate at a plant of gold refiner and bar manufacturer Valcambi SA in the southern Swiss town of Balerna December 20, 2012.
BENGALURU (Reuters) - Gold prices fell in early trade on Tuesday as easing tensions between the United States and North Korea saw investors seek riskier assets like equities.
Spot gold was down 0.5 percent at $1,275.79 per ounce, as of 0315 GMT. U.S. gold futures for December delivery shed 0.7 percent to $1,281.40 per ounce.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un received a report from his army on its plans to fire missiles towards Guam and said he will watch the actions of the United States for a while longer before making a decision, the North's official news agency said on Tuesday.
"It's no surprise that gold is trending a little lower this morning. Some risk aversion is taken off the table simply because some concerns of the North Korean attack has eased," said OCBC analyst Barnabas Gan.
"Safe haven flows into the yen and gold has fallen a little bit because of improved risk appetite in the market."
Asian shares rallied and the dollar firmed on Tuesday after North Korea's leader signalled that he would delay plans to fire a missile near Guam, further easing tensions and prompting investors to move back into riskier assets. [MKTS/GLOB] [USD/]
Geopolitical risks can boost demand for safe-haven assets such as gold and the Japanese yen.
"It is safe to say that the safe haven demand is badly quelled. The Asian markets are poised to build on this momentum," said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets.
"Having said that, the latest comments by the U.S. defence secretary has upped the ante somewhat by saying if North Korea fires a missile at the United States, it would mean a war. So the latest pull back in the gold price doesn't mean that the bulls are out of energy," Aslam added.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis warned on Monday that the U.S. military would be prepared to intercept a missile fired by North Korea if it was headed to Guam.
Also weighing on the metal was the prospect of another raise in U.S. interest rates by the Federal Reserve this year, with one influential member, New York Fed President William Dudley backing the same.
Spot gold may fall more to $1,267 per ounce, as it has broken a support at $1,278, Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao said.
Among other metals, silver edged down 1 percent to $16.85 per ounce.
Platinum fell 0.5 percent to $960.15, after earlier touching its lowest in a week at $956.90, and palladium dipped 0.1 percent at $894.22.
When it comes to rugby sevens, there's no sweeter place to make a playing debut than Hong Kong.
It's the granddaddy of rugby tournaments, with a legend all its own.
Its somewhat fitting, then, that John Moonlight's last appearance on the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series was in Hong Kong, especially since that's where it also all started for him.
“I've never been more scared in my life,” he said of warming up in front of the famed South Stand at the Hong Kong stadium, ahead of his first appearance in red.
It was a Friday night — every team plays a single Friday game at the raucous ground to open the weekend's schedule — and, of course, Canada were set to play Fiji.
Moonlight, of course, still counts it as a favourite memory.
He didn't start and only got on the field late. His first bit of action was a scrum, where he was so hyped up he blasted his Fijian opponent back and the referee ordered the scrum re-set.
“The Fijian gave me this face, ‘c'mon buddy,' and then we re-scrummed and the game was off.”
“I didn't make a single tackle. I didn't touch the ball. I didn't do anything. But it's still my greatest memory. It was crazy: playing Friday night, against Fiji. What a first game.
“It's electric in there, the stadium is in a valley, so the sound cascades down. The people in the South Stand, they've had more beers than you can count. The roar is unbelievable.
“If you can't get up — it's like the Vancouver Sevens — if you can't get up when there's 40,000 people screaming, you're in the wrong sport.”
Moonlight is retiringweek after his Canadian team played a bonus tournament to their season at the Gold Coast-hosted Commonwealth Games in Australia.
The reason: the rest of his life came calling and he literally couldn't say no. After a couple years of working on certification and going through basic training — including a trip to Texas to train at a fire academy last year — Moonlight has been hired by his hometown fire department in Pickering, Ont.
“Last Wednesday I got the call,” he said. “I was excited to get it, though I was very groggy still from jet lag.”
“Most people strive their whole life to get one (dream) career, and I've managed to get two already,” he said. “May 7 I'm starting a full time job with my home town fire department.
“I'm very lucky with what's happened.
“I never wanted to leave the game knowing I was forced out, I wanted to go out on my terms.”
The decision wasn't easy, since he still loves the game.
“I love playing it,” he said. “But eventually you've got to move on.”
“I've travelled the world representing my county, I've played in 65 world series tournaments, three commonwealth games, two pan-ams, a sevens world cup, a XVs world cup…
“I've played a lot of rugby, I don't know if there's much more I could have done except for the Olympics.”
And while the fact that this coming weekend is the Singapore Sevens, which Moonlight and his teammates won last year, or that this summer sees the Sevens World Cup in San Francisco, there are no regrets about stepping away now.
“There's never going to be a good time with rugby (to retire). There's always going to be that next tournament, there's always going to be something to look forward to.”
But it also hasn't really hit him what he's done. He says there was certainly a strange feeling, parting company with his long time teammates at the airport in Australia, as they all headed off for a week's rest in various South East Asian locals and he took a flight back to Canada via Japan.
“I think it's going to hit me when the boys kick off in Singapore,” he said. “It's weird right now.”
In the background, there's always been his family: his mom Debbie and dad John, twin sister Michelle.
“She cried when I called her and told her,” he said of his mom. “We kind of knew that maybe something would happen. That's why she flew down to the Commonwealth Games, she always said she wanted to be there for my last tournament.”
“She's been my biggest supporter, she's always been there for me,” he said. “Her and my father, they've always been there for me.”
Playing for free no longer
And now, for him, the biggest legacy is he hopes he leaves with the Canadian sevens program is stability. The team went on strike ahead of the 2016-17 season. They still don't talk about it much, but Moonlight insists it was the right thing to do.
“It was also about getting it sorted for guys going forward,” he said.
“When I first was trying to make the team, people might forget what it was like. I had to fly out here, to work, go to school on my own dime. I put in a year of training before I even got in the program.
“I was sitting with my cousin (Dave, a star in his own right a decade ago) last night…we were talking about how the program has changed.
“‘You might be able to be the first Canadian rugby player who's leaving and who didn't increase his salary by three or four times. Those guys didn't get paid a dime.”
The meaning of teammates
Moonlight said he'd spoken a lot with his friend and longtime teammate Nathan Hirayama about the moment that was looming.
“A lot of them knew the process I was in,” he said. “I talked with Nate a lot about it. It was hard. It was tough.”
Hirayama said he was sad to see his friend go, but was upbeat about it all.
“It's been a long but great journey,” he said. “I first met ‘Junior' in late 2007, when he made the move out to the west coast after spending his first couple years out of high school at Laurier.
“I was introduced to him by his cousin Dave, who at the time I was playing with on the sevens team. And basically since then we've been buddies. We first played together at UVic, his athleticism was impressive. He moved so well for a big man. He had sevens written all over him.
“A guy that big and powerful shouldn't be that fast and fit.
“I remember his debut in Hong Kong, 2009. I wasn't on the tour but remember being very pumped for him to get his shot and although he was green at the time, his potential was obvious. Since then he's grown into on of the game's best forwards. He's one of the hardest working guys I know and he's still one of the fittest guys in the squad.”
“I don't think he's missed a tour since 2012, which is ridiculous when you think about it. It shows how durable he is, especially for a guy who plays the way he does.
“Although I'm so excited for him to be beginning this next chapter in his life doing something he loves, there's obviously going to be a huge hole to fill in the squad. But I guess that's the way sports work, when someone leaves the game it forces other to step and try to fill that spot.
“It's been an honour to play for him but I know that I have a friend for life. The Pickering fire squad just acquired a huge pickup.
“What will always stick out for me was his 2013-14 season. It was king of like his coming out party. He was an absolute beast and was very deservingly named to the series dream team for the season.”
About a bloody nose
Harry Jones recalled a bloody nose that to him typified the retiring captain.
“There was this one game where Mooner smashes his face in a tackle and came out with a complete busted and broken nose. He refused to be taken to the medical room to get it fixed and instead yelled ‘SOMEONE GET ME A SPOON.'
“I am still not exactly sure what he planned to do with that spoon (they never gave him one), but it just shows his pure dedication and commitment to the team and his personal drive as a player. Whether it's on the field or off, Mooner is and always has been there for the guys, either chasing someone down and stopping a try or helping one of the boys out off the field. Sad to see him go but couldn't be happier for him after such an amazing career.”
Moonlight can explain about the spoon, he said.
“We were down to six men — and it was a wrong call there — I went to make a tackle and Hassler steps in to make the tackle too and I catch the top of his head.
“Hassler's lying on the ground and he's getting treated. Nate's yelling at me to get back in the defensive line. And then Izzy (former trainer Isabel Grondin) comes and looks at me and it's obvious I had to go off to get it fixed.
“When I got to the sideline, Geraint (coach at the time Geraint John) he looked at me: it was the face of horror. I was bleeding everywhere. They shoved two tampons up there hoping to stop the bleeding but it didn't work.
“The spoon was about my old roommate Kyle Haley — he played sevens for a while — an he had talked about jamming a spoon up the end of his nose to straighten his nose. They ripped it back across. I was thinking of that.”
“(Manager) Brian Hunter had to take me back to the hospital — they tried to stuff it with packing but that didn't work so to cauterize it so they tried to do it with the electric thing.
“But it kept shooting down my throat. I tried saying something but they didn't believe me. Then I couldn't my speak. I didn't really work, they just burned my throat and I had to get it re-done when I came back to Victoria.”
His influence stands out
Ben Ryan, the gold-medal winning former coach of Fiji (he was at the helm of England before that), paid tribute to the consistency Moonlight brought to the table.
“He was very passionate for the Canadian shirt. Gave his absolute all every game,” he said. “Never accepted the tackle and always fought hard in attack and defence. Generated so much momentum for his team, a constant pain to play against and a gentleman off the field.”
Damian McGrath, Moonlight's last coach with Canada, said having Moonlight on his team for the last 18 months or so was eye-opening.
“It's hard to know where to start. My initial thoughts when he told me were that he was irreplaceable. He has been the mainstay of the team for so long. He leads from the front in training and in games,” he said. “He sets and maintains the highest standards. He plays every minute of every game.Those previous statements alone give an indication of how important he has been to Canada rugby.
“As a coach, you pray to have someone like John in your team, a leader who drives the team on that plays and directs the team in the way you wish. His standards never drop, he is reliable, durable and relentless. Yet all of these misses the fact that he is a great guy and very talented player.
“In my almost 30 years of professional coaching he stands among a small group of players I've come across I would call ‘greats.' Like any good thing you don't realize what you have until it's gone.
“John Moonlight has been one of Canada's greatest players but also one of its greatest ambassadors: he has been its recognized faceacross the world. World Rugby will lose of its great warriors.”
McGrath didn't realize just how important Moonlight was to his team when he took over as coach following the 2016 labour dispute.
“I knew the name, I'd coached against him, but had no idea how good was, how influential he was and what a natural leader of men he was,” he said.
“He always put the team first, that sums him up as a bloke. I think it's sad that rugby loses him because he can't afford to live on rugby wages. I admire all Canadian players who sacrifice so much, particularly financially and career-wise to represent their country. John has at least two good years left to lead the team towards the Olympics but can't afford to miss this opportunity.”
Moonlight says he's stepping away from playing for now. Work has him in a probationary period as it is, but he's been playing at such a high level for so long, he figures mentally he needs a break.
“No matter what, I'm going to get myself involved in coaching,” he said.
The last tournament he missed was at the end of the 2012-13 campaign, when he was pulled from the sevens squad to play for Kieran Crowley's Canadian men's XVs squad.
He credits his durability — which he also noted was well short of the 70-plus straight campaigns England's James Rodwell has managed — to focused work on his health and fitness.
“It's about taking care of you body,” he said. “My mindset was always about performing. You never know when it's going to be your last time pulling on that jersey. You leave an impression every time you put it on.”
That his squad won the Singapore Sevens a year ago gave him another piece he would be happy to walk away.
He said beforehand that he just wanted to lift a championship cup.
“I never imagined I'd play this sport for so long and travel and see so much,” so winning in Singapore “that was the icing on the cake there.”
“I hope that I've left Canadian rugby in a better place, everyone gets to take the jersey, hopefully I've put that jersey in a better spot.”
pjohnston@postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
Articles by Category Select Category Dirt Late Model News (5,250) Comp Cams Super Dirt Car Series (86) Corn Belt Clash (26) Crate Late Model Series News (201) Fastrak (5) NeSmith Chevrolet Dirt Late Model Series News (80) PCRA Series News (54) General/Other Dirt Late Model News (208) IMCA Late Model Series News (81) Deery Brothers Series News (67) Lucas Oil Late Model Series News (1,140) MARS DIRTcar Series News (281) MLRA Series News (286) NDRL (133) Northern Allstar Late Model Series (NALMS) News (21) Other Series News (6) Ray Cook's Southern Nationals Series News (68) Southern Regional Racing Series (8) Sunoco American Late Model Series (ALMS) (96) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Late Model News (1,531) U.M.P. DIRTcar Summer Nationals (554) ULMA Series News (156) World of Outlaws Late Model Series News (949) Driver Profiles (54) 2016 Driver Profiles (54) Late Models (13) Modifieds – B-Modifieds (30) Sprints – Midgets – Micros (3) Stock Cars – Sportsman (9) Open Wheel Modified News (2,120) American Modified Series (110) AMRA Series News (3) Big Block Modifieds (29) IMCA Modified & Sport Mod News (159) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Modified News (1,091) USMTS News (558) USRA (82) Race Team & Sponsor News (204) Race Track News (8,685) Florida (345) Bubba Raceway Park (81) East Bay Raceway Park (116) Volusia Speedway Park (155) Illinois (4,124) Belle-Clair Speedway (223) Charleston Speedway (28) Coles County Speedway (1) Dirt Oval 66 (12) DuQuoin State Fairgrounds (150) Fairbury American Legion Speedway (175) Farmer City Raceway (218) Fayette County Speedway (208) Gateway Int'l Raceway (126) Gateway Motorsports Park (155) Highland Speedway (490) Jacksonville Speedway (153) Kankakee County Speedway (124) La Salle Speedway (120) Lincoln Speedway (214) Macon Speedway (495) Mt. Vernon Raceway (1) Peoria Speedway (148) Quad City Raceway (100) Quincy Raceway (242) Route 45 Raceway (28) Shepp's Speedway (47) Spoon River Speedway (93) Springfield Mile (95) Sycamore Speedway (7) Tri-City Speedway (767) Vermilion County Speedway (17) Wayne County Speedway (13) Indiana (432) Bloomington Speedway (20) Brownstown Speedway (81) Gas City I-69 Speedway (3) Kokomo Speedway (28) Lawrenceburg Speedway (7) Lincoln Park Speedway (7) Montpelier Motor Speedway (3) Shadyhill Speedway (1) Terre Haute Action Track (100) Tri-State Speedway (109) Kentucky (449) Bluegrass Speedway (6) Florence Speedway (99) Kentucky Lake Motor Speedway (81) Paducah Int'l Raceway (215) Ponderosa Speedway (24) Soggy Bottom Raceway (3) Western Kentucky Speedway (2) Windy Hollow Speedway (2) Missouri (3,059) Benton Racepark (12) Bolivar Speedway (1) Butler Motor Speedway (4) Callaway Raceway (114) Central Missouri Speedway (235) Doe Run Raceway (3) Double X Speedway (115) Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 (666) Fredericktown Raceway (1) I-35 Speedway (20) LA Raceway (67) Lake Ozark Speedway (126) Lebanon I-44 Speedway (205) Lebanon Midway Speedway (148) Legit Speedway Park (73) Lucas Oil Speedway (627) Malden Speedway (14) Missouri State Fair Speedway (36) Monett Speedway (40) Montgomery Motorsports Park (27) Nevada Speedway (2) Poplar Bluff Speedway (27) Randolph County Raceway (95) Scotland County Speedway (40) Springfield Raceway (297) St. Francois County Raceway (146) US 36 Raceway (16) Valley Speedway (107) Winston Speedway (4) Ohio (300) Eldora Speedway (234) K-C Raceway (4) Tennessee (228) Clarksville Speedway (182) Sprint Car & Midget News (2,885) All Star Sprint Series News (76) American Sprint Car Series (ASCS) News (386) COMP Cams Interstate Sprint Car Cup (1) General/Other Sprint-Midget News (98) Mid-America Lightning Sprints (8) MOWA Sprint Series (180) National Sprint League (46) POWRi Series News (563) USAC News (354) USCS (41) World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series News (708) Uncategorized (109)
Articles by Month
CMC Capital Partners takes ‘minority strategic investment' in agency.
CAA and Chinese media investment fund CMC Capital Partners (CMC) on Monday announced they have formed a partnership that includes the launch of CAA China.
CMC has made a “minority strategic investment” in CAA and CMC chairman Li Ruigang will join the CAA board.
The move will enable CAA to strengthen its ties to the region after it established an office in Beijing in 2005, which currently houses more than 24 employees.
Jonah Greenberg will continue to lead the agency's China activities in film, while Roeg Sutherland, co-head of CAA's Global Film Finance and Sales Group, will continue to lead the film finance business in the market.
CAA China will add additional senior management. The partnership will enable CAA to parlay its expanding operations in China and CMC's network and experience in entertainment and sports into opportunities in talent representation, endorsements, sports, digital media, music, and original content production.
The Beijing office has placed CAA close to major Chinese co-productions, and allowed the agency to build a talent stable in the region that encompasses Zhang Yimou, Lin Chi-ling, and Donnie Yen, among others.
The global film finance and sales group has packaged, sold, or raised financing for more than 75 Chinese-language films, directing more than $400m in Chinese capital into English-language content.
“For more than a decade, we have served as a vital bridge to and within the Chinese market, utilizing our deep experience and network to support the work of the region's best artists and to develop opportunities within the market for international talent,” CAA president Richard Lovett said.
“CAA China will supercharge our efforts, from motion pictures, television, endorsements, and brand consulting to sports, live events, digital media, and beyond.
“CMC, under the leadership of Li Ruigang, has a remarkable record of success in the region, and we are confident that our partnership will yield tremendous results for our clients and future business partners in China.”
“We believe China and the US are the two biggest entertainment markets and play pivotal roles on the global landscape,” Ruigang said. “The partnership not only creates commercial and industry value, but also serves as an innovative force in the evolution of the Chinese media industry.
“CAA is a prominent institution in the US entertainment and sports sector, which has built its success on systematically and consistently enabling the success of their clients throughout the years.
“We are immensely excited about the potential possibilities of an enhanced China angle by CMC coupled with the experience and resources of CAA. CMC has been in a highly productive cooperation with CAA under the leadership of Richard Lovett, and we look forward to greater accomplishments in the future.”
CMC's investments include IMAX China; variety production company Star China; Flagship, the joint venture with Warner Bros; and City Football Group, the football club management company that owns the Manchester City and New York City clubs.
“CAA China demonstrates the vision and innovation that has driven CAA's growth and fueled its ability to stay on the leading edge of industry trends,” Jim Coulter, co-founder of private equity firm TPG, which is CAA's majority shareholder, said.
“CAA has had a significant impact on the Chinese entertainment marketplace by enabling its clients' success over the past 12 years. We are thrilled with the company's progress and the value-creation CAA has realized for its shareholders since our investment. With CMC as a meaningfully invested partner, and continuing growth in the Chinese market, the potential for CAA China is limitless.”
MADRID: Former Italy striker Giampaolo Pazzini scored a dramatic late equaliser as Levante held Real Madrid to a 2-2 draw on Saturday (Feb 3), leaving Zinedine Zidane's men 18 points adrift of La Liga leaders Barcelona.
Sergio Ramos headed the visitors into an 11th-minute lead with his 50th La Liga goal for the club, but Levante equalised before half-time through Emmanuel Boateng.
Isco came off the bench to put Real back in front late on, but Pazzini stunned the struggling defending champions with an 89th-minute strike on his debut.
"We controlled the game, especially in the first half, and in the second we managed to do the hard part - get back into the game and score the second goal," said Zidane.
"Then we should have been ready, we could have avoided the second goal, but we didn't and it's hard because it's two dropped points."
The Champions League is Real's only realistic chance of more silverware this season, but they'll need to find a significant upturn in form to challenge Paris Saint-Germain in the last 16, first-leg tie in Madrid on Feb 14.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We have to work even more, it's football and the opponent is there to try to put you in difficulty," Zidane added.
Barcelona can move 21 points clear of their arch rivals with victory at Espanyol on Sunday, when second-placed Atletico Madrid welcome third-placed Valencia to the Wanda Metropolitano.
Real didn't take long to forge ahead at Levante, as centre-back Ramos met a Toni Kroos corner with a downward header which home goalkeeper Oier fumbled into his net under pressure from Karim Benzema.
They almost doubled their lead just after the half-hour mark as Oier managed to scramble the ball away from Cristiano Ronaldo after spilling Kroos' tame strike.
But Levante hit back in the 42nd minute as 21-year-old Ghanaian Boateng marked his fourth league start for the team with his first La Liga goal.
Jose Luis Morales ran through on goal as Ramos found himself caught out of position, and although Keylor Navas saved his effort, Boateng met the loose ball with a cool finish into the far corner.
The away side continued to look frail at the back and were lucky not to fall behind as Morales led another rapid counter-attack from a Real corner which ended with Navas making a sprawling save to deny Jefferson Lerma.
ISCO IMPROVES REAL
The reigning European champions improved after Isco replaced Gareth Bale midway through the second half, with the Spain midfielder shooting straight at Oier and Benzema having an effort deflected wide.
Isco's introduction did pay off with only nine minutes remaining, as Benzema capitalised on some sloppy defending and pulled the ball back for the 25-year-old to smash home his fifth league goal of the season.
Levante should have equalised in the 85th minute, but substitute Roger contrived to head wide with the goal gaping from only a couple of yards out.
The home side did snatch a point, though, as Pazzini scored less than 11 minutes after coming off the bench to make his debut.
The 33-year-old, who only joined on loan from Verona on Wednesday, easily got in behind the hapless Real defence and slotted into the far corner to pull Levante three points clear of the relegation zone.
Sevilla's push for a top-four finish and a Champions League place took a massive dent earlier on Saturday, as they were thrashed 5-1 at Eibar.
Chilean international Fabian Orellana scored twice as Eibar moved up to seventh, just one point and one place behind Sevilla.
Fifth-placed Villarreal had Daniele Bonera sent off in the first half in a 2-1 defeat by Real Betis, as Betis forward Loren Moron scored twice on his debut after being promoted from the reserve team.
Alaves pulled five points clear of the bottom three as former Barcelona man Munir El Haddadi scored what proved to be the winner in a 2-1 victory over Celta Vigo.
Spanish La Liga results:
Eibar 5 Sevilla 1
Real Betis 2 Villarreal 1
Alaves 2 Celta Vigo 1
Levante 2 Real Madrid 2
SINGAPORE: Hindoo Road used to house a sleepy, vacant stretch of land but not anymore.
These days, most passersby stop to spend some time admiring the multi-coloured umbrella trees that have spouted at that spot, the Urban Redevelopment Authority (URA) said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
Many whip out their phones to take selfies with the purple, yellow, red and blue umbrellas, it said.
The installation of umbrella trees at Hindoo Road was based on the design of a winning entry from the first run of the Ideas for Public Spaces competition in 2015 run by the URA.
The winner Marthalia Budiman was inspired by trees in the precinct and the area's rich history and culture.
Such installations have reinvigorated previously unused plots of land, creating inviting public spaces used by the Little India Shopkeepers and Heritage Association to host community events such as yoga, film screening and drama performances, said URA.
Launching the third edition of My Ideas for Public Spaces on Wednesday, a URA press release said that "such transformation of public spaces is what the competition is after".
Ideas should be engaging, delightful and able to bring life to a range of public spaces, it said.
Pop-ups should also be designed to last outdoor installation for at least three months, and should be easy to set up and transport.
Up to six of the best ideas will stand a chance to win $1,000 each. Selected winners will also be invited to develop and implement their ideas.
The Trump Administration decision to rescind the requirement of an earlier settlement that would have seen Harley-Davidson required to spend $3 million on air pollution reduction work — relating to the earlier marketing of illegal after-market devices/tuners — is now being challenged by a coalition of 10 US states and the District of Columbia.
The coalition is then simply seeking to uphold the original Obama administration era ruling that Harley-Davidson be held accountable for its earlier illegal activity, it should be realized.
To explain, the motorcycle manufacturer agreed back in 2016 to pay a $12 million civil fine and to spend $3 million on air pollution reduction work (relating to outdated wood-burning appliances apparently) as part of a settlement stemming from the company's sale of illegal after-market devices that allow for illegally high emissions levels.
Reuters provides more:
“The Justice Department in July cited a new policy by US Attorney General Jeff Sessions and an ongoing review of the penalty by a government auditor in proposing to drop the $3 million penalty from the settlement…US District Judge Emmet Sullivan must still deicide whether to approve the revised agreement.
“The Harley-Davidson settlement resolved allegations that Harley sold about 340,000 ‘super tuners' enabling motorcycles since 2008 to pollute the air at levels greater than what the company certified. Harley-Davidson did not admit liability, and said previously it disagreed with the government, arguing that the tuners were designed and sold to be used in ‘competition only.'”
A convenient way to possibly avoid technical responsibility for the illegally high emissions, but not to truly convince anyone with a pulse.
Continuing: “Vermont Attorney General TJ Donovan, joined by Massachusetts, New York, Washington State, and others, said Sessions' new policy ‘does not apply to projects like the wood stove mitigation project that directly remedies the harm caused by pollutants emitted by the non-compliant Harley-Davidson motorcycles.'”
“The states and the Obama administration said the $3 million wood stove mitigation project would offset additional air pollution caused by the motorcycles' emissions of excess hydrocarbons and nitrogen oxides.”
That all sounds fairly reasonable to my ears as well. Harley-Davidson skirted the law and caused public harm via illegally high emissions, and it's only right for that harm to paid for in efforts to clean up the air.
France coach Guy Noves effected eight changes on Thursday, naming a markedly strengthened squad for the second test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
DURBAN: France coach Guy Noves effected eight changes on Thursday, naming a markedly strengthened squad for the second test against South Africa in Durban on Saturday.
Captain Guilhem Guirado returned along with fellow front-rower Rabah Slimani after missing Saturday's defeat in Pretoria.
Romain Taofifenua took lock Julien Le Devedec's place while Kevin Gourdon was in for flanker Loann Goujon.
In the back row, Francois Trinh Duc partners Baptiste Serin, who came on as a substitute and scored a try at Loftus Versfeld last week, in a new halfback pairing.
The 20-year-old Damian Penaud, who won the French title earlier this month with Clermont Auvergne, is the only new cap replacing Henry Chavancy at centre.
Advertisement
Advertisement
South African-born Scott Spedding is the fullback for the match at King's Park Rugby Stadium, where he played Super Rugby for the Sharks before moving to France in 2008.
Noves did not pick any of the seven players from Top 14 finalists Clermont Auvergne and Toulon for the first test after they arrived late on tour.
South Africa won 37-14 in last Saturday's opening encounter. The third and final test is at Ellis Park in Johannesburg on June 24.
Team: 15-Scott Spedding, 14-Yoann Huget, 13-Damian Penaud, 12-Gael Fickou, 11-Virimi Vakatawa, 10-Francois Trinh Duc, 9-Baptiste Serin, 8-Louis Picamoles, 7-Kevin Gourdon, 6-Yacouba Camara, 5- Romain Taofifenua, 4- Yoann Maestri, 3-Rabah Slimani, 2-Guilhem Guirado (captain), 1-Jefferson Poirot.
Replacements: 16-Clement Maynadier, 17-Eddy Ben Arous, 18-Uini Atonio, 19-Julien le Devedec, 20-Bernard le Roux, 21-Antoine Dupont, 22-Jean-Marc Doussain, 23-Nans Ducuing.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Tough news for Rick Santorum, Joan Walsh, Jack Kingston and the dozens of CNN analysts and contributors who often hold forth during the network's primetime “panel” discussions: Chris Cuomo wants little to do with you.
When Cuomo launches a new CNN show in primetime next week, he intends to rely largely on one-on-one interviews with newsmakers, and less on the large and often unruly roundtables that have become a staple on the Time Warner-owned network's air since before the 2016 election. Doing so, he says, was one of the conditions he sought in exchange for taking the new gig.
He got it. “I don't need to sit there and listen to all of these outsized voices with competing banter,” Cuomo says during a recent interview. “I think there's enough of it.”
And so, CNN will make a new bid in what is perhaps cable news' most heated fray. When CNN debuts “Cuomo Prime Time” at 9 p.m. on Monday, it will mark the network's first major change to its primetime schedule since it swapped out Piers Morgan in 2014 for Don Lemon and a new line of documentary series. It will also represent a new effort to take on two of the most watched hosts in the field. Cuomo's new show will air directly against Fox News Channel's “Hannity” and MSNBC's “The Rachel Maddow Show.” The panel discussions will thrive elsewhere, says Jeff Zucker, president of CNN Worldwide., but “we don't want this show to be like every other show or any other show.”
Related CNN Woos Tiffany, Volvo to Royal Wedding Coverage MSNBC, CNN Have Been Pitched Show Featuring Avenatti, Scaramucci
Cuomo is taking on a more difficult task by eschewing the talking heads. The panels “have become predictable and tiresome, but there's a safety in numbers with them,” says Mark Feldstein, chair of broadcast journalism at the University of Maryland. But “live, one-on-one interviews are a high wire balancing act: more interesting than panels if the guest and interviewer are good but deadly if they're not.”
The anchor wouldn't have it any other way. The panels, he says, often serve as a sort of echo chamber and let viewers pick out the speakers who say things that confirm their own beliefs. One-on-one conversation does not. “I like being uncomfortable. I like making other people uncomfortable,” Cuomo explains. “How do you know that? Why do we think that? It's not coming from a bad place.” CNN hopes to make Cuomo's interviews with people on any side of a debate a new primetime highlight, says Melanie Buck, the executive producer of the new program. “We are going to be able to give these interviews more time than I think other shows are able to do,” she says. “That will be our strength.”
As the son of one New York governor, Mario Cuomo, and the brother of another, Andrew Cuomo, the CNN anchor is well-versed in how to talk to people at the top. “He saw politics from the inside. He can't take the B.S.. He will sit there and he will know someone is B.S.-ing, because he saw it from the day he was born,” says Chris Vlasto, senior executive producer of investigations at ABC News, and a former Cuomo colleague. “He won't let them get away with it, and that's what is driving him.”
The real question, however, is whether Cuomo can gain traction against Hannity and Maddow. Can he make inroads at 9 p.m.? His answer is simple: “Yes.”
He feels he's entering a situation similar to the one he's leaving at CNN. When he started “New Day” at CNN in 2013, the network had seemingly exhausted its efforts to spark a following in the morning, despite programs like “Starting Point,” “American Morning” and “Early Start.” After a rocky debut, however, Cuomo and co-anchor Alisyn Camerota gained traction with an A.M. program that wasn't afraid to to showcase knock-down interviews with newsmakers despite the early hour. Producers at “New Day” would often go commercial free to accommodate the anchors' 25-minute-plus discussions. Cuomo recently made news with an interview with Trump attorney Rudy Giuliani that lasted more than 42. In the first quarter, “New Day” made a 6% gain among adults between 25 and 54 – the demographic most favored by advertisers – and notched a 4% hike in overall viewership. That said, the show is still, like Cuomo, duking things out. In April, rivals at Fox News and MSNBC won more viewers in both categories.
Cuomo will face more of the same in primetime. The Hannity and Maddow shows have each trumped CNN in recent weeks. In April, Sean Hannity had the most viewers among people between 25 and 54 – an average of 678,000. Maddow captured an average of 637,000. Anderson Cooper's two-hour program, which currently fills the 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. hours, lured an average of 361,000. Trends have been similar in May.
“They are prohibitive favorites. I'm certainly an underdog. It would be silly to think otherwise,” says Cuomo. “But if you do the job for the right reasons, you will do well.” He sticks to a philosophy: If he just keeps doing what he's passionate about, audiences will find him. “You grind and you grow. I believe in that very much. You can't do the job if you don't think you can have success.” He also intends to take his program on the road, to scenes of natural disasters or moments of crisis, which he feels will also distinguish him from rivals.
Cuomo's launch could give CNN a new opportunity to tout a brand that has been transformed in recent years. Once derided for being too vanilla and down-the-middle in its presentation of news events, the network has pushed a sort of “aggressive neutral” since late 2016, sometimes through Cuomo's morning work. A new promo for “Cuomo Prime Time” tells viewers that “When He Faces Power….No One Gets A Pass,” and shows the anchor dueling with everyone from Bernie Sanders to Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
“We fully acknowledge that it's the hardest hour in all news, and you have two really talented broadcasters in that hour,” says Zucker, who adds: “One of them has already convicted Donald Trump and one of them has already exonerated Donald Trump. We are looking for the truth, and that's how we want to set ourselves apart.” Hannity regularly tells people he's not a journalist, though it's not always clear his viewers make that distinction. Maddow is known for her meticulous research and preparation before launching into an hour on MSNBC.
Cuomo says he will “test” visitors with “debate with decency” that asks guests to explain themselves to CNN's viewers.
CNN's ad-sales team has pitched the program to Madison Avenue as being a place where visitors understand what they are facing. “Regardless of how aggressive he will get in terms of talking or interviewing, the viewers like him and the people he's interviewing enjoy talking to him,” says Katrina Cukaj, executive vice president of ad sales strategy and network partnerships for Turner Ad Sales.
People in political life “know the difference between a hard punch and a cheap shot,” says Cuomo. “I don't do cheap shots.”
Cuomo has long leaned in to the news job. A former lawyer, he got his start by making an appearance on Geraldo Rivera's syndicated program. Rivera was impressed enough with his performance that he helped Cuomo make a connection with an agent. Cuomo says he remained skeptical of the idea. Roger Ailes showed interest in him, Cuomo recalls, telling him, “I'll teach you the skills. You'll either do it or you'll flame out, and you don't care anyway.”
But Cuomo did care, and he was noticed by both Victor Neufeld, the former producer of ABC's “20/20” and Diane Sawyer. Cuomo would go on to work “20/20” as well as “Good Morning America,”and stood out for his willingness to get out in the field and cover distressing scenes or moments of crisis, says Vlasto.
Cuomo and his team aren't stacking the show's opening nights with surprise guests and they don't expect outsize ratings success in the program's early days. But he will show up every night, he says, and try to help viewers gain insight into what's happening out in the world. He thinks it can work. “Only a fool thinks you're going to do anything quickly in a business that‘s about habit,” he says. “And only a fool does something this ambitious without thinking they can do it well.”
Produced by David Fincher (Fight Club, Gone Girl) Mind Hunter is a show where the real horror lies in conversations between characters. While that description may sound harmless enough, this Netflix original explores the motivations of ‘sequence' killers.
Set in the 1970s, with the requisite fashion and set pieces, Mindhunter tells the story of how law enforcement came to take on the insights of psychology. Its protagonist is an FBI agent with a name made up of two Australian car companies, Holden Ford. Agent Ford is a young, meticulous FBI special agent who wants to understand why killers do what they do. Up against an inflexible bureaucracy reluctant to embrace fields like psychology, Ford and his supervisor Bill Tench crisscross America to help train local law enforcement. As they do, they encounter new cases involving ‘sequence' killers; perpetrators that commit repetitive crimes conforming to the same general pattern.
Here, a unique breakthrough and shift in policing takes place, as Ford and Tench conduct pioneer interviews with convicted killers in order to better understand their actions and motivations.
Much of Mindhunter's horror comes from these discussions, as sequence killers deliver deadpan explanations as to what did to their victims and why. The most horrendous actions take place off screen, with the script and actors' working to fill in the blanks as needed. And yet it all remains memorable.
None of this is to suggest that the show is entirely bereft of visual displays of violence—an early scene in the show's first episode remains one of the more brutal witnessed on television. Rather, the dialogue is unnerving enough to suffice by itself without gory images to accompany it. This becomes more disturbing when realising that Mindhunter's writers modelled its characters after actual serial killers, along with dialogue lifted from their real life interviews.
Thankfully, Mindhunter's creators recognised that a show all about killers' motivations would make for draining and unedifying viewing. They manage to include enough levity in the piece to ensure that it remains watchable throughout. The interplay between Holden and his superior, Bill, proves to give the show much of what works here. Against the backdrop of a period of much social change, Mindhunter also provides some interesting discussion points regarding gender, bureaucracy and the darker parts of fallen human nature. With the show recently renewed for another season, Mindhunter is worth streaming for anyone who wants to explore these themes (and can handle their horror).
Jonathan Foye is Insights' Editor
The Killers have announced their new album, Wonderful Wonderful. The follow-up to Battle Born is the band's fifth album overall and first in five years.
As a preview, they've unveiled “The Man” as the first single, which you can stream below. The Bowie-inspired arena anthem finds frontman Brandon Flowers “looking back on his younger self, the ‘Brandon Flowers' persona from their Grammy-nominated debut Hot Fuss, and reconciling that wide-eyed character with the man he is now,” a press release notes.
The band premiered another new song, “Run For Cover”, during a performance in Atlantic City last weekend.
Wonderful Wonderful was helmed by Garret “Jacknife” Lee (R.E.M., Weezer, Silversun Pickups), with additional production from longtime collaborator Stuart Price. Recording took place in the band's hometown of Las Vegas as well as in Los Angeles.
In support of the forthcoming LP, The Killers will headline several festivals in both Europe and the US this summer and fall. Find their currently announced itinerary below.
The Killers 2017 Tour Dates:
06/22 – Odense, DK @ Tinderbox Festival
06/24 – Athens, GR @ Ejekt Festival
06/29 – Tornavansaari, FI @ Provinssi Festival
07/01 – Norrkoping, SE @ Bravalla Festival
07/05 – Novi Sad, SR @ Exit Festival
07/07 – Bilbao, ES @ Bilbao BBK Live
07/08 – London, UK @ Hyde Park (British Summer Time) ^
08/04 – Chicago, IL @ Lollapalooza
10/06-08 – Austin, TX @ Austin City Limits
10/13-15 – Austin, TX @ Austin City Limits
10/20-22 – Phoenix, AZ @ Lost Lake Festival
10/27-29 – New Orleans, LA @ Voodoo Experience
^ = w/ Elbow, Tears For Fears, White Lies, Cold War Kids, British Sea Power, Mew, Mystery Jets, Alex Cameron
KARACHI - Board of Secondary Education Karachi (BSEK) has planned many steps to effectively control the use of unfair means at examination centers and hook up by the students, parents and agents with the board officials and teachers marking the answer sheets to get the marks increased.
BSEK Chairman Professor Dr Saeed-ud-din, in an interview with APP here, said the board authorities were definitely alive and concerned about weaknesses in the examination system. “Better arrangements are needed to be made by the board, the city administration and also Sindh Education department,” he said, and added,
“Among various measures, BESK, in coordination with Sindh Education department, will start holding a series of seminars and workshops from the next month to train paper setters in making the question papers and later assessing the answer sheets in the best possible manner so that the talented and hardworking students and teachers could be encouraged, and cheaters and their facilitators were discouraged."The type of questions papers can play an important role in containing the use of unfair means," he emphasised.
BSEK chairman admitted that he had received information that many private school owners had got listed their schools as examination centers to allegedly facilitate cheating. “Most of these schools are almost covered with residences, which makes it very difficult to keep an eye on them and control of cheating being done through different methods,” he said, and added,
“During the last examinations, there were also reports of special rooms at many examinations centers, especially at private schools.”
“Senior subject teachers were used to be arranged for helping selected groups of students solve their question papers in these special rooms,” he elaborated. He assured that the board would strictly ensure that the government schools would not be used as examination centers. “In case of non-availability, the private schools at isolated points or at least not closely surrounded with residencies would be selected for this very sensitive and important task to ensure proper monitoring by the board and law-enforcing officials,” he informed.
He also informed that the board had planned to provide furniture and other logistics to government schools, wherever required for holding examinations in a better environment.
In the light of reports received during the last examinations, he said very effective checks including jammers would be activated to stop the use of mobile phones, especially smart ones used for cheating in examinations.
Professor Dr Saeed-ud-din said logistic and manpower support was needed from Sindh Education and Home departments to better control cheating practices.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
4 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
With sultry tuxedos and a gown that appeared to waft down the catwalk like cigarette smoke, French designer Jean Paul Gaultier celebrated smoking in all its forms on Wednesday in a fashion show filled with tongue-in-cheek digs at overly rigid attitudes.
PARIS: With sultry tuxedos and a gown that appeared to waft down the catwalk like cigarette smoke, French designer Jean Paul Gaultier celebrated smoking in all its forms on Wednesday in a fashion show filled with tongue-in-cheek digs at overly rigid attitudes.
Reinterpretations of "Le Smoking" - or tuxedos for women popularized by late French couturier Yves Saint Laurent in the 1960s - dominated the Haute Couture collection, with black and white combinations of jackets and ruffled dresses for instance.
Advertisement
The designer took smoke as his inspiration for a see-through dress decked out in swirling embellishments, or a wedding gown with a featherlight, waspy train that looked like it could vanish into thin air as it twirled on the runway.
Gaultier, the self-style "enfant terrible" of the fashion world, was also deliberately harking back to a period when smoking was more widely acceptable.
"I don't smoke, but I was always surrounded by people that were smoking," Gaultier said after the show in Paris.
"I don't say 'don't smoke or smoke', it's only that people should do what they want."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Smoking was banned in public places in France in 2006, echoing clampdowns in many other countries by authorities for health reasons.
The collection also featured a pair of male and female models walking in step and showcasing their breasts behind transparent panels with the slogan "Free the nipple".
Gaultier said that felt that society had taken some steps backwards following the "free-all" protest movements of feminists in the 1960s and 1970s.
"Now there is again a kind of puritanism that arrived. Me, I am for the bra, but ... to oblige people to wear a bra, no, I'm not for that at all," added the designer, famous for creating a stage costume for singer Madonna featuring a conical bra.
Gaultier's couture brand is owned by private Spanish fashion and fragrance group Puig.
Paris Haute Couture Week - where a select club of fashion houses present their one-of-a-kind creations and showcase some of their most elaborate styles - runs until July 5. On Thursday top jewelry brands are presenting their collections.
(Reporting by Sarah White)
Copyright 2017 Fresh Air. To see more, visit Fresh Air
TERRY GROSS, HOST:
This is FRESH AIR.
(SOUNDBITE OF THE MENZINGERS SONG, "LIVIN' AIN'T EASY")
GROSS: The Menzingers are a Philadelphia-based quartet that's just released its fifth album titled "After The Party." The collection features numerous songs about getting older, and the band has said that the album is a love letter to our 20s. Rock critic Ken Tucker has this review.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "LIVIN' AIN'T EASY")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) In vibrant hues and subtle brush strokes of memory, the life I've painted I've sold for a quick 20. It's on display now for the privileged and the wealthy. God, I despise their reassuring, lying eyes. Our home...
KEN TUCKER, BYLINE: Boy, the Menzingers are really obsessed about their advancing age. Not for nothing is this collection called "After The Party." The party is a stand-in for youth - youthful joy, young love and being young enough to stay up all night without feeling your bones creak in the morning. I should note here that all four band members are somewhere around the age of 30, so it's not as though the Rolling Stones had suddenly decided to do a concept album on the theme of decrepitude. Or as The Menzigers sing on this song, "Tellin' Lies," where are we going to go now that our 20s are over?
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "TELLIN' LIES")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) Oh, yeah, oh, yeah. Everything's terrible when buying marijuana makes you feel like like a criminal, when your new friends take a joke too literal, making you feel like the bad guy. Oh, oh, where are we going to go - oh, oh - now that our 20s are over? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah - all hope abandoned - I'm not young enough to be a companion. Not old enough to be a guide, what a cliche time to try. Oh, oh, where are we going to go - oh, oh - now that our 20s are over? Where we...
TUCKER: "Tellin' Lies" leads off this album and serves a dual purpose. It states the album's unifying theme of facing down the aging process. It also provides a crisp introduction to the Menzingers' sound, with vocals that are hoarsely yelled over rapidly strum guitar chords and a rhythm section that most often alternates between punk rock and Jamaican derived ska. There are times when chief songwriters Greg Barnett and Tom May actually sound much older than they are. I'm not talking about their music, but rather their vocabularies. When was the last time you heard someone use the word looker to describe an attractive person, as in she or he is a real looker?
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "LOOKERS")
TUCKER: On that song called, sensibly enough, "Lookers," the band tosses in a reference to Jack Kerouac and Dean Moriarty. And the callback to the Beat Generation doesn't feel cheap or unearned. Instead, it reminds you that Kerouac and the Beats cribbed the term from black musicians who used it in the sense of beaten down, exhausted or depressed. The Menzingers make their most despairing music some of their most intense and anthemic. You can hear this on the song "House On Fire," with its recurring line, waiting for your life to start, then you die.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "HOUSE ON FIRE")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) Waiting for your life to start, then you die. Whoa. Was your heart beating in the first place? Waiting for your life to start, then you die. Whoa. Was your heart beating in the first place? Lost myself in the kitchen. There's an old friend falling down the stairs. They said there are cops in the alley way. It's too late for saving us. Let it burn down. Waiting for your...
TUCKER: On a beautiful, medium-tempo song called "Black Mass," the band unfurls a melody that might have been lifted from an old Everly Brothers ballad in the 1950s. Over a drumbeat that nails down the points they want to make, they fill the song with their own sort of casual eloquence. A phrase such as you used to call me darlin', now you prefer more formal, sums up an entire relationship.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "BLACK MASS")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) We used to want to take the back roads. But now we found a distance shorter. You used to call me darlin'. Now you prefer more formal. We used to get high and stare at the moon and wonder how long it would take to walk to. But now that's like the distance between me and you.
TUCKER: What the Menzingers miss most about the youth they idealize, is a sense of innocence that will never be recaptured. Some of the music framing their words is grandiose. But to their credit, their nostalgia is mostly free of damp sentimentality. Indeed, it's a dry-eyed realism that gives "After The Party" it's true vigorousness.
The band is one step away from the realization that in the kind of rock and roll they make, aging can give you a renewed sense of purpose, to make being an adult sound as thrilling as you used to think being a kid was.
GROSS: Ken Tucker is critic at large for Yahoo TV. He reviewed "After The Party" by the Menzingers. Tomorrow on FRESH AIR, we'll talk about what it was like to work in the Obama White House and oversee the goings on of the White House campus and coordinate with the First Family, Secret Service, Military and Air Force One. My guest will be President Obama's former White House Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations Alyssa Mastromonaco. We'll also talk about her impressions of the Trump White House. She's written a new memoir. I hope you'll join us.
FRESH AIR's executive producer is Danny Miller. Our technical director and engineer is Audrey Bentham. Our associate producer for online media is Molly Seavy-Nesper. Roberta Shorrock directs the show. I'm Terry Gross.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "CHARLIE'S ARMY ")
THE MENZINGERS: (Singing) I guess I should tell her I'm sorry, I never showed up to the party. Yeah, I got into a misunderstanding with her old boyfriend named Charlie. Yeah, I love, I love my Juliet. But her ex-boyfriend wants me dead. But tell your men I ain't afraid to die. When I first met her, I fell in love. She smiled because she knew. We were day drinking in Brooklyn. It was death in the afternoon, yeah. I love, I love my Juliet. But her ex-boyfriend wants me dead. Charlie's army's... Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Last August, Victor Rivera, a 36-year-old unemployed baker, left his hometown in northern Venezuela and made the two-day journey by road to the remote Amazonian city of Boa Vista, Brazil.
BOA VISTA, Brazil: Last August, Victor Rivera, a 36-year-old unemployed baker, left his hometown in northern Venezuela and made the two-day journey by road to the remote Amazonian city of Boa Vista, Brazil.
Although work is scarce in the city of 300,000 people, slim prospects in Boa Vista appeal more to Rivera than life back home, where his six children often go hungry and the shelves of grocery stores and hospitals are increasingly bare.
"I see no future in Venezuela," said Rivera, who seeks odd jobs at traffic lights in the small state capital just over 200 km (124 miles) from Brazil's border with the Andean country.
Countries across Latin America and beyond have received a growing number of Venezuelans fleeing economic hardship, crime and what critics call an increasingly authoritarian government.
The once-prosperous country, home to the world's largest proven oil reserves, is struggling with a profound recession, widespread unemployment, chronic shortages and inflation that the opposition-led Congress said could soon top 2,000 percent.
At least 125 people died this year amid clashes among government opponents, supporters and police.
Advertisement
Advertisement
As conditions there worsen, nearby cities like Boa Vista are struggling with one of the biggest migrations in recent Latin American history. With limited infrastructure, social services and jobs to offer migrants, Brazilian authorities fear a full-fledged humanitarian crisis.
In Roraima, the rural state of which Boa Vista is the capital, the governor last week decreed a "social emergency," putting local services on alert for mounting health and security demands.
"Shelters are already crowded to their limit," said George Okoth-Obbo, operations chief for the United Nations High Commission on Refugees, after a visit there. "It is a very tough situation."
He noted the crush of migrants also hitting Trinidad and Tobago, the Caribbean country to Venezuela's north, and Colombia, the Andean neighbour to the west, where hundreds of thousands have fled.
Not even Venezuela's government knows for certain how many of its 30 million people have fled in recent years. Some sociologists have estimated the number to be as high as 2 million, although President Nicolas Maduro's leftist government disputes that figure.
BRAZIL "NOT READY"
Unlike earlier migration, when many Venezuelan professionals left for markets where their services found strong demand, many of those leaving now have few skills or resources. By migrating, then, they export some of the social ills that Venezuela has struggled to cope with.
"They're leaving because of economic, health and public safety problems, but putting a lot of pressure on countries that have their own difficulties," said Mauricio Santoro, a political scientist at Rio de Janeiro State University.
International authorities are likening Venezuela's exodus to other mass departures in Latin America's past, like that of refugees who fled Haiti after a 2010 earthquake or, worse, the 1980 flight of 125,000 Cubans by boat for the United States.
In Brazil, Okoth-Obbo said, as many as 40,000 Venezuelans have arrived. Just over half of them have applied for asylum, a bureaucratic process that can take two years.
The request grants them the right to stay in Brazil while their application is reviewed. It also gives them access to health, education and other social services.
Some migrants in Boa Vista are finding ways to get by, finding cheap accommodation or lodging in the few shelters, like a local gym, that authorities have provided. Others wander homeless, some turning to crime, like prostitution, adding law enforcement woes to the social challenges.
"We have a very serious problem that will only get worse." said Boa Vista Mayor Teresa Surita, adding that the city's once quiet streets are increasingly filled with poor Venezuelans.
Most migrants in Boa Vista arrive by land, travelling the southward route that is the only road crossing along more than 2,100 kms of border with Brazil.
Arriving by public transport in the Venezuelan border town of Santa Elena, they enter Brazil on foot and then take buses or hitch rides further south to Boa Vista.
Staffed only during the day, the border post in essence is open, allowing as many as 400 migrants to enter daily, according to authorities. For a state with the lowest population and smallest economy of any in Brazil, that is no small influx.
"Brazil's government is not ready for what is coming," said Jesús López de Bobadilla, a Catholic priest who runs a refugee center on the border. He serves breakfast of fruit, coffee and bread to hundreds of Venezuelans.
Despite a long history of immigration, Latin America's biggest country has struggled this decade to accommodate asylum seekers from countries including Haiti and Syria. Although Brazil has granted asylum for more than 2,700 Syrians, the refugees have received scant government support even in São Paulo, Brazil's richest state.
A senior official in Brazil's foreign ministry, who asked to remain anonymous, said the country will not close its borders. Okoth-Obbo said his U.N. agency and Brazil's government are discussing ways to move refugees to larger cities.
"NOW I CAN SLEEP"
Boa Vista schools have admitted about 1,000 Venezuelan children. The local hospital has no beds because of increased demand for care, including many Venezuelan pregnancies.
In July, a 10-year-old Venezuelan boy died of diphtheria, a disease absent from Roraima for years. Giuliana Castro, the state secretary for public security, said treating ill migrants is difficult because they lack stability, like a fixed address.
"There is a risk of humanitarian crisis here," she said.
Most migrants in Boa Vista said they do not intend to return to Venezuela unless conditions there improve.
Carolina Coronada, who worked as an accountant in the northern Venezuelan city of Maracay, arrived in Brazil a year ago with her 7-year-old daughter. She has applied for residency and works at a fast-food restaurant.
While she earns less than before, and said she makes lower wages than Brazilians at the restaurant, she is happier.
"There was no milk or vaccines," she said. "Now I can sleep at night, not worried about getting mugged."
Others are faring worse, struggling to find work as Brazil recovers from a two-year recession, its worst in over a century.
One recent evening, dozens of young Venezuelan women walked the streets of Caimbé, a neighbourhood on Boa Vista's west side.
Camila, a 23-year-old transsexual, left Venezuela nine months ago. She said she turns tricks for about US$100 a night - enough to send food, medicine and even car parts to her family.
"Things are so bad in Venezuela I could barely feed myself," said Camila, who declined to give her last name.
Rivera, the unemployed baker, one afternoon sheltered from the equatorial sun under a mango tree. He has applied for asylum and said he is willing to miss his family as long as he can wire his earnings from gardening, painting and bricklaying home.
"It's not enough to live on, but the little money I can send home feeds my family," he said.
(Reporting by Anthony Boadle. Additional reporting by Alexandra Ulmer in Caracas. Editing by Paulo Prada.)
Aug 12 (Reuters) - The dream run of 13-year-old Chia Yen Wu ended when she lost her semi-final match at the U.S. Amateur Championship in California on Saturday.
Wu, the youngest ever player to reach a semi-final in the championship, ran out of steam, beaten 2-up by 21-year-old American Sophia Schubert.
Schubert will play 19-year-old Swiss Albane Valenzuela in the final at San Diego Country Club on Sunday.
"Today, (my) first nine, I think my muscles and my body felt tired, so my iron distance changed," said Wu, of Taiwan, whose quarter-final on Friday went 12 extra holes, a record for a U.S. Golf Association event.
"I got tired, and I couldn't keep it in the fairway."
Valenzuela, meanwhile, could become the first player from Switzerland to win a USGA championship.
She advanced to the final with a 3&2 semi-final victory over American Lilia Kha-Tu Vu.
Valenzuela finished equal 21st at last year's Rio Olympics. (Reporting by Andrew Both in Charlotte, North Carolina, Editing by Neville Dalton)
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
It took all day, but the corrected version of a report updating Calgary city council of the progress on the exploration of a 2026 Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games bid was finally posted to the city's website late Monday afternoon.
On Friday, as part of the agenda package made public in advance of council's meeting, what was later described as an “incorrect” version, was posted stating that the provincial and federal governments had formally indicated their financial support for a game bid. Neither level of government has signed off on the file yet.
“My understanding of what happened is that the situation is very fluid and it was very possible that we may have concluded those negotiations this week so there were two slightly different versions of the report written,” said Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi in advance of the release of the “correct” report. “The wrong one was published to our new electronical system.”
READ MORE: City of Calgary apologizes for posting incorrect Olympic bid information
In the corrected version, there is no indication the city has received confirmation of support from the province or the federal government. However, it does say work continues on the file.
“Since the last update to Council … administration has continued to work closely with officials from both the [Government of Canada] and [Government of Alberta] on securing the required $30-million total funding for the proposed [Bid Corporation] (BidCo),” the report said.
There are six recommendations in the report that administration is asking council to approve. All of the recommendations are contingent on funding from the provincial and federal government.
In one of the recommendations, administration is asking the council to allow the city to incorporate a BidCo to continue exploring a bid for the Games. Nineteen directors would sit on the corporation's board with Calgary, the Canadian Olympic Committee, the provincial and the federal governments all getting three seats per group at the table.
The Canadian Paralympic Committee and the Town of Canmore — which is exploring its own options as to whether it would like to be the snow sports partner community for the Games — would each be allotted one seat each.
READ MORE: Olympics file has Calgary council at a crossroads on plebiscite
The report also recommends council direct administration to come back in April detailing a plan for “robust public engagement.”
Earlier Monday, Coun. Druh Farrell told reporters she would reluctantly support Coun. Jeromy Farkas' bid for a plebiscite if the administration didn't come back with a plan for public consultation.
“We still have a commitment to go to Calgarians and ask them their perspective and we haven't done that yet,” Farrell said. “That concerns me more than anything.”
Council is expected to discuss the corrected report and the recommendations contained within it during a meeting on Tuesday.
LONDON (Reuters) - Yang Jiayu raced to gold in a thrilling finish to the 20km walk at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday but her compatriot Lyu Xiuzhi learned she had been dramatically disqualified when metres away from winning the bronze medal.
Yang upped the pace over the last 100 metres on the Mall to power away from Mexico's Maria Guadalupe Gonzalez and finish a mere one second clear in 1 hours 26 minutes 18 seconds, a superb triumph for the 21-year-old in her maiden senior championship.
Yet Lyu, perhaps favourite for the title, did not realise she had already received a third red card for a late infringement -- meaning automatic disqualification -- as she was still racing home just behind Gonzalez.
As she was less than 20 metres from the line believing the bronze medal was in her grasp, a senior official stepped out in front of her to confirm her disqualification.
It meant that Antonella Palmisano, who had been broken by the leading trio just as they started the last of the 10 two kilometre loops between Admiralty Arch and Buckingham Palace on The Mall came home for the bronze in 1:26.36, Italy's first medal of the championships.
"I feel really excited," said Yang. "I started race walking at the age of 14. Now I hope to be the future of race walking in China."
Athletics - World Athletics Championships – women's 20 km walk – London Stadium, London, Britain – August 13, 2017 – Maria Guadalupe Gonzalez of Mexico and Jiayu Yang of China celebrates wining silver and gold medals. Matthew Childs
Yet she had time to spare a thought for her disqualified teammate. "I feel sorry for Lyu. Maybe she'll get to win a competition soon," she said.
The result was also tough on former boxer Gonzalez, who had also missed out on gold at last year's Rio Olympics by just two seconds. Her consolation was in becoming only the second Mexican woman to medal at the world championships after Ana Guevara, the former 400 metres champion.
"I did all I could but the Chinese athlete was better in the final part. It was very close but we made it a fight to the line."
She, too, spared a thought for Lyu. "She is an excellent race walker who continues to work hard. It is a difficult moment for her but she'll be ready and stronger in the next few years."
Palmisano, who was fourth at last year's Olympics, was delighted to this time make the podium in unexpected fashion.
"I was only concentrated on myself. I feel sorry for Lyu but I wanted that medal and now I have it," she said.
I had a visceral reaction when I watched the father of three girls sexually abused by Larry Nassar lunge at the former USA Gymnastics doctor in court. Randall Margraves had listened to two of his daughters, Lauren and Madison Margraves, give their impact statements in court on Friday, and was overcome with rage, or grief, or both. "I want that son of a b****!" he yelled as security wrestled him down. "Give me one minute with that bastard."
When Margraves asked the judge for five minutes, and then one minute, alone with Nassar in a room, I ached at the pain this man was clearly carrying. And when his request was denied, and he ran towards Nassar with rage in his eyes, I silently wished: I hope he makes it.
As a parent, I understand. Any parent understands. But as a victim of sexual assault, I know Margraves' reaction isn't the way.
I know that acting out his pain will not help his daughters, or other victims. I know, from experience, that the idea that a father can avenge his daughter is a fantasy; he cannot time travel. I also know that witnessing his overwhelming anguish, and possibly his sense of aching guilt, push him to retaliate can increase the burden felt by victims, and actually make it more difficult for sexual assault survivors to come forward and share stories of their own.
Only 15.8 to 35 percent of all sexual assaults are reported to the police, according to the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics. Shame and embarrassment are among the many reasons why victims choose not to come forward, and that shame and embarrassment can include the almost intuitive need for a victim to protect family members from the same feelings. The common feelings of guilt and self-blame that follow an assault can be amplified when a victim watches her loved ones impacted by the knowledge that an assault took place. Not wanting a family member to know about abuse is one of the reasons why victims choose not to come forward and report the assault they've endured, according to the Maryland Coalition Against Sexual Assault (MCASA).
Screencap/CNN
Make no mistake, the guilt for the parents of these gymnasts is grievous. Many were present in the room for the numerous assaults their daughters endured. Margraves' three daughters were abused by Nassar — his injury is real. They are his children. But their pain is not his. As Rachel Denhollander, one of the first gymnasts to speak out against Nassar, wrote in the New York Times, the burden should not be on these parents, but on the wider society:
In many ways, the sexual assault scandal that was 30 years in the making was only a symptom of a much deeper cultural problem — the unwillingness to speak the truth against one's own community.
We can acknowledge the pain of both the parent and the child, but we must prioritize the healing of the victims. Adding to their burden is unfair. As parents, we must find strength for them, or risk alienating them and other victims.
What would I do, or say, if the person who caused my baby reprehensible trauma? In no uncertain terms, if I'm being honest, I would need to call my nearest and dearest friends, so they could help me bury a body.
As a victim of sexual assault, I can tell you that worrying about how my then-boyfriend, my mother, and my brother would react to the news that a coworker raped me during a work retreat, is why I initially declined to press charges. A mere 30 minutes after I was assaulted, while the bruises on my breasts, thighs, and wrists started to form, I thought of those I loved. If staying quiet could keep them from feeling a small percentage of what I felt in that moment, then staying quiet is exactly what I wanted to do.
And therein lies the problem: is this father feeling a pain many of us cannot imagine? Of course. It is obvious. It is palpable. It is a pain that ignites the fundamental urge to protect our children in all of us parents. As I watched this father run towards the man who abused his daughters, I couldn't help but think of my own child. What would I do if it was my baby who had been assaulted? What would I do, or say, if the person who caused my baby reprehensible trauma? In no uncertain terms, if I'm being honest, I would need to call my nearest and dearest friends, so they could help me bury a body.
But this father's pain, and his choice to act on it, doesn't negate the pain of his daughters: the victims. We must have a better understanding of what the victims feel and what they need, which is not for their parents to dream up dramatic retributions. We cannot, as parents, react in a way that encourages victims to internalize their trauma, and carry the burden of healing all on their own. Parents cannot take ownership of their children's pain, because the end result is one in which children don't want to admit to feeling pain, and don't want to speak about the pain others have caused, in order to protect their parents.
Victims are well aware that their trauma will infect their families, and their friends, and their loved ones.
Screencap/CNN
One of Margraves' daughters said, in court during her impact statement, "I really feel that my entire family has gone through hell and back these last few months, because of what Larry Nassar did to both my sisters and I years ago." Victims are well aware that their trauma will infect their families, and their friends, and their loved ones. And while Margraves was speaking to the judge, and asking for time with his daughter's abuser, alone, one of his daughters can be seen saying, "Dad, stop. Stop. Dad, stop." Perhaps not only a plea for her father to stop asking for a form of vengeance we all know is impossible for any court in this country to allow, but for her father to stop hurting in a way that could make her feel responsible. A way that reminds her that she isn't the only one in pain. A way that could, in the way insidious sexual violence and abuse only can, make her feel guilty.
I understood why my then-boyfriend reacted with so much anger and rage when he found out I was raped, but my understanding didn't keep me from feeling guilty. I know why my brother would talk about grand, unrealistic plans to travel to where I lived and "take care of the guy" himself, but that knowledge couldn't stop me from feeling as though I was selfish for making my problem, his problem. I know why my mother cried, and why she sometimes still cries, six years later, and those tears only leave me questioning my decision to come forward at all.
When Margraves was being handcuffed by court police, an officer told him, "We understand." As a parent, it's easy to not only sympathize with this distraught father, but hope that his wish for vengeance comes to fruition. It's much more difficult, however, for us to understand the pain of the victims. To dive into the complicated ways in which survivors of sexual assault react to such trauma. But if we are to end systemic violence against women, we must consider how our reactions to it could end up silencing those who are hurt most by it.
If you're a victim of sexual assault and need help, contact the National Sexual Assault Telephone Hotline at 800.656.HOPE to be connected with a trained staff member from a sexual assault service provider in your area. You are not alone.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Raysearch Laboratories Ab (Publ) :
* MITCHELL CANCER INSTITUTE, US, SELECTS RAYSTATION FOR TOMOTHERAPY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Stockholm newsroom)
Food lovers take note: There are two films playing at Hot Docs (the Canadian International Documentary Festival) this year that celebrate the culinary industry.
The first, The Heat: A Kitchen (R)Evolution, has its world premiere on April 26. The documentary centres on how the challenges of running a successful restaurant are made even more daunting when the odds are stacked against you. As women take charge at more of the world's top dining establishments, a cultural shift is dismantling the macho environment that made celebrities out of bad boy chefs. From New York City's stars Anita Lo and Amanda Cohen to the queen of French cuisine Anne-Sophie Pic, seven chefs share their struggles to overcome a system of inequality and harassment while delivering delicious dishes and redefining the dining experience. An appetite for change has taken hold, and there's no turning back.
The other film, which opens April 28, is Chef Flynn. Flynn McGarry opened a supper club in the living room of his California home at nine years old, using his classmates as line cooks and serving a seasonal foraged tasting menu to wide-eyed Los Angelenos. As the years pass, Flynn grows both inside and outside cuisine, eventually outgrowing his family kitchen and his mother's camera. Featuring over 18 years of personal archival footage, this portrait is not only the study of a rising star thrown into the media spotlight at an early age, but also a reflection on motherhood and what it means to give up one's own identity to further a child's passion.
For details including dates, times and prices, check out hotdocs.ca.
SINGAPORE: Former Foreign Affairs Minister George Yeo's wife, Jennifer Yeo, revealed on Monday (Aug 14) that she has been undergoing treatment for a rare form of nose cancer.
In a Facebook post, the 58-year-old lawyer said this year's National Day Parade on Aug 9 had been "extraordinary" for her because her mother was performing during the show. Her mother, affectionately known as Grandma Mary stole the show as an 81-year-old guitar-slinging granny at the parade. However, Mrs Yeo said she was unable to watch her mother's performance live as she has been undergoing treatment in Houston, Texas at the MD Anderson Cancer Centre.
In a separate Facebook post, Mr Yeo said his wife was diagnosed with the rare "aggressive" cancer - sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma three weeks ago, and her only symptom was the loss of her sense of smell.
This rare type of cancer occurs when a tumour forms in the upper respiratory tract.
Mrs Yeo's treatment consists of chemotherapy and chemo-radiotherapy and could include surgery, Mr Yeo said. He added that "doctors are cautiously optimistic". The family expects to be in Houston for some months, he shared.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mrs Yeo is the founder of the Viva Foundation, an organisation that works closely with the St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Tennessee to tackle childhood cancer.
Seniors 60 and older, people with mobility issues can now ride without a medical appointment
Seniors 60 and over and people with mobility issues can now ride a Northern Health bus even when they aren't travelling for a healthcare appointment.
Northern Health is also making it easier for companions to join those who are travelling for healthcare reasons.
Steve Raper, chief of communications for Northern Health, said the changes will help the many northern B.C. seniors and people with mobility issues who lack affordable transportation options.
“It really is about long-term health and wellbeing,” Raper said.
“We feel it's going to make a marked difference in keeping people healthy in their homes longer, and in their communities.”
The new rules also allow for two, and in some cases more companions to ride along with a medical traveller on a Northern Health bus. Raper said that change should make things easier for families who don't have childcare, for example.
Also, companions can now travel separately from a medical traveller if they are going to visit them.
“We've expanded the eligibility beyond simply being a travel companion, recognizing that social networks and social support from an immediate family member is critical in the recovery process,” Raper said.
The expanded criteria apply to all the Northern Health Connections bus routes, such as the $20 service between Prince Rupert and Prince George, and the $40 service between Prince Rupert and Vancouver.
The new rules will also apply to the Haida Gwaii shuttle service that Northern Health arranges with Eagle Transit — the local company runs a weekday $10 shuttle between the northern and southern Haida Gwaii hospitals.
Raper said Northern Health will monitor the changes, noting that if a bus is full, the earliest bookings will always go to people travelling for healthcare reasons and companions they can't travel without.
All Northern Health buses are booked in advance, he added, making it easier to give healthcare travellers priority. About 11,000 people use the Northern Health Connections service each year, and all six coaches and five minibuses in the fleet have room for wheelchair passengers.
For more information on the Connections routes or the Northern Health shuttle service on Haida Gwaii, visit nhconnections.ca.
SEOUL: A group of South Korea's K-pop singers will visit Pyongyang from Mar 31, the South said on Tuesday (Mar 20), a reciprocal visit after North Korea sent performers to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
The South Koreans, numbering roughly 160, will visit North Korea until Apr 3, the South's Ministry of Unification said in a statement.
K-pop girl group Red Velvet and music industry veterans Cho Yong-pil and Lee Sun-hee will be among the group, the ministry said, after the neighbours' delegations held talks on the performances at the truce border village of Panmunjom.
The visitors will hold two shows in Pyongyang, one at the East Pyongyang Grand Theatre and the other at the Ryukyung Chung Ju Yung Gymnasium.
The East Pyongyang Grand Theatre was the backdrop to a landmark performance by the New York Philharmonic in 2008, while the latter spot was a joint project between the North and South, named after Hyundai Group founder Chung Ju-yung.
South Korea's pop singer Cho speaks at a news conference in Seoul. (Photo: Reuters)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Officials will visit the North from Mar 22 to 24 to inspect the sites and ensure they can accommodate the singers, the ministry added.
The deal is the latest step in the detente that began after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un said at the beginning of the year that he intended to improve ties.
North Korea has since agreed to hold summits with the South and the United States, apart from participating last month in the Olympics in South Korea.
Posted On October 6, 2017 By Trent Knuckles
The national Community Action Partnership presented Paul Dole, KCEOC President/CEO, with the 2017 Robert M. Coard Innovation Award at the national annual conference on September 1st in Philadelphia, PA.
The Award is named after Robert M. Coard, the long-time President/CEO of Boston ABCD, the Community Action Agency in Boston, MA.
Dole was chosen as the recipient of the award for his hard work creating new and innovative services to grow KCEOC and improve southeastern Kentucky. Paul continually works to find new ways to improve and grow the community. His effort proves successful by the advancement of KCEOC and services its provides and continues to expand.
Categories:
Tags:
MOTORCYCLING enthusiast Andrea Box has her sights set on the 2020 International GS Trophy, having narrowly missed the cut for next year's BMW Motorrad event in Mongolia.
The GS Trophy is an event that sees BMW R1200GS riders compete in teams of three in a range of different scenarios – from setting up campsites to tackling rugged terrain, navigating unknown areas at night to fixing punctured tyres.
Box, who grew up on a farm in Carboor before moving to Melbourne for university, said the sport of adventure motorcycling was a combination of some of her greatest passions.
“Like every country kid I grew up riding on the farm,” Box said.
“I got into dirt bikes and I loved camping, so that just went hand-in-hand with adventure riding – it is all about travelling on a bike.
“The GS Trophy is put on by BMW every two years – they bring together teams from all over the world to compete against one another.
To continue reading this story, click here to access our digital edition
Share this:
Tweet
Print
Email
Welcome back to MOM FRIENDS, the 3-part series where moms chat about making friends with others parents.
This is the last leg of journey! So we're asking the ever-important question, the reason we should or shouldn't be chatting "mom friends" in the first place.
Here we go:
Are mom friends really that important?
We talked about WHY it's hard to make and maintain friends as a mom, and HOW moms are doing it (like Facebook, for example). But this question is key.
Most of the moms we spoke to said friendships, whether it be with parents or non-parents, are important. To bounce ideas off of, to vent to, to brag to, to laugh with and more. The key, it seems, does friends make you feel like you're not alone.
Check out what the moms had to say.
As a young mom, having other parent friends helps you feel less like an outsider:
Ashley Lopez, mother of 3:
"When I was younger I thought it was really important to have mom friends. I had my son at 18 and was 23 when I had my daughter. At 18, all of my friends from high school were going out and being a normal 18-year-old. I still wanted to be around other moms so I wouldn't feel so alone and embarrassed.
When I had my daughter, I was attending ASU and no one that I talked to had any kids so I definitely did not fit in. I don't know if it was the age or the relationship I was in, but I didn't feel like I needed to be friends with other moms. Of course it would be nice because they understand your life more, but it's just not that important to me anymore. I'm happy with the way my life is now with mom friends and my non-mom friends."
Ashley Lopez of Arizona poses with her three children and her husband at their wedding.
Drey Johnson
What Lopez wants people to know:
I think it's just important to be around people who will better your life as a person and a mother. That being said, I'm also a stepmom and it is important to meet women who are stepmoms. It's a different territory and it's difficult to not over step any boundaries or to just understand the boundaries in general. Talking to other moms truly does help.
It's always good to get advice from fellow moms
Tatyana, mother of 1:
"They're someone who can offer advise and be an ear. Someone who knows what you're going through."
What Tatyana wants people to know:
It's okay not to have mom friends as well. I have plenty of friends who aren't parents but can provide great examples as individuals.
Kristi Piper, mother of 5:
I have a "Google friend" whom I go to for any questions like where to sign my kids up for football or need-to-know info about the area. "I consider ... friendships very valuable."
Friends remind you of your individuality
Jordan Johnson, mother of 1:
Jordan Johnson poses at the Wooden Shoe Tulip Festival in Oregon with her husband and son.
Courtesy Jordan Johnson
"I think it's important for mom's to go out without their kids every once and a while too. It feels like once you become a mom then you don't get to be your own person anymore, you have to be completely selfless and put your kids first 100% of the time. Some people are able to do that but you shouldn't feel bad for needing a break from your kids. It's nice to go out with your friends and have a conversation without constantly being interrupted."
It's nice to be with people who get it
Araceli Perez, mother of 2 :
"It's nice to relate to the mom friends that I do have. Most of the time, when my kid decides to act out, I don't feel discouraged around them since they can relate. ... The best mom friends are the ones that never judge or try to say something when it comes to your choices."
It's different than a romantic relationship
Whitney Ford, mother of 2:
"I notice when I get out of the house, it always ends up being worth it," Ford said. It's "having the empathy and human connection" that is so important she added.
Whitney Ford with friend Alli Mayes, whom she met through a Facebook group for parents in Arizona.
Courtesy Whitney Ford
"It's good for your mental health to have another person that you can relate to on that level," she said. And it's different than a spouse.
"Moms and dads experience parenthood differently, so having other mom friends ... I really do think it's important for your wellbeing."
Like all the Moms?
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
READ MORE:
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Nintendo Switch is known for having rather expensive games, so finding good games for cheap is a rarity. Nintendo does carry games for under $10 , but how good are they exactly? Here are some of the best games I've found in that price range.
Blaster Master Zero
Blaster Master Zero takes you back to the good days of the NES with its 8-bit style and side-scrolling action scenes. Take on bosses and dungeons as Sophia III, with different weapons and even your friends.
See at Nintendo eShop
EARTH WARS
This 2D action game lets you create your own character as you take on the E.B.E. to protect human kind. Choose the best armor and best weapons to take on the biggest enemies in the game. $4.50.
See at Nintendo eShop
Super One More Jump
Super One More Jump is an arcade-style platformer, and the title basically gives away the game. With over a hundred levels and many different characters, you can play by yourself or with friends. $7.
See at Nintendo eShop
Tennis in the Face
Here is another game where the objective is essentially in the name. As you go through the platforms, your goal is to hit every enemy you see in the face with a tennis ball. Enjoy this hilarious game as you take on cops, clowns, and even every day businessmen. $5.
See at Nintendo eShop
Frederic: Resurrection of Music
This incredibly funny game follows Fredric Chopin on his journey to save music forever. You have to take on multiple people, dueling other until you become the master of piano. $4.
See at Nintendo eShop
Unholy Heights
Unholy Heights follows you, playing as the Devil, as you collect rent and protect your tenants as well. You have to collect rent, improve living situations, and defeat all of the humans that try to come to your building. Take care of your underworld tenants, and protect them from those pesky humans. $5.
See at Nintendo eShop
Shu
As the Storm consumes the Shu village, you are running to try to save yourself from the end of the world. With 21 levels, 6 different lands, and 10 unique characters to join your journey, you need to work together with these strangers to defeat the Storm. $10.
See at Nintendo eShop
What game are you going to get?
Let us know which of these games you are going to get down in the comments!
A couple of weeks ago we shared this special Suzuki Swift from Poland. The car is powered by turbocharged 3.0 L VR6 built by MK2 VRT connected to an AWD drivetrain capable of 0-100 km/h (0-62 mph) in 3.29 seconds. The team just finished their first competition and the Swift went 10.427 sec at 210.03 km/h (130.5 mph) on a unprepared surface. The team is looking forward to breaking into he 9's very soon.
Source: Suzuki Drag 4WD Petergum FB page via Piotr
Protesters interrupted Finance Minister Bill Morneau during a speech at a Calgary Chamber of Commerce luncheon Wednesday as he begins the job of selling Ottawa's purchase of the Trans Mountain pipeline.
Reaction has been mixed, with the energy industry welcoming the news the expansion project is more likely to be built, but concerned the government is spending 4.5-billion dollars to buy a private company's assets to achieve the goal.
A prominent BC environmentalist is predicting the protests over the pipeline project will be even bigger than the 1990s War in the Woods against logging on Vancouver Island.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
READ MORE: ANALYSIS: Justin Trudeau trapped himself into a dubious deal
The CEO of the Canadian Energy Pipeline Association, Chris Bloomer, said Canada needs infrastructure like that designed to triple Trans Mountain's capacity to move crude oil and refined products from the Alberta oilsands and Edmonton refining complex to the West Coast.
But he said the association is “deeply concerned” that the government felt it had to purchase the project to get it built. Ottawa's move comes 18 politically fraught months after it had been approved.
“Something had to happen,” Bloomer said of delays blamed on opposition by British Columbia's provincial government, municipalities, Indigenous groups and individual protesters.
“It's a little confusing that the government felt it needed to nationalize this asset and own it in order to assert what we all thought along the way was its jurisdiction.”
Pipelines that cross provincial borders are federally regulated, but B.C. argues in a court challenge that it has the right to restrict diluted bitumen shipments within its boundaries.
The situation has created a “confused” marketplace in which different pipeline projects are treated unequally and no one knows the rules future proposals are expected to follow, Bloomer said.
READ MORE: Timeline: Key dates in the history of the Trans Mountain pipeline
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said at a conference Tuesday that federal control over the pipeline could simplify development of at least this project.
“When you shift the ownership of the pipeline from a private corporation to … a federal government that has explicit control over resource projects that go between provinces, a lot of the legal barriers and a lot of the challenge points actually disappear,” he said.
The federal move is welcome to get the stalled project going, said Tim McMillan, CEO of the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers, adding he also is pleased that Ottawa has committed to put the project back in private hands “where it belongs.”
“I think these are extraordinary circumstances and we should work very hard never to find ourselves in this position again.”
Kinder Morgan Canada will continue to hold an integrated network of crude tank storage and rail terminals in Alberta. It will also own a terminal in Vancouver and the Cochin Pipeline system which transports light condensate from the United States to Fort Saskatchewan, just northeast of Edmonton.
The company will work with the government to try to find a third party to buy the assets by July 22. Separately, Morneau said there is no absolute deadline to find a buyer.
Kinder Morgan Canada had ceased all non-essential spending on the Trans Mountain expansion in April, vowing to cancel it by a deadline of this Thursday unless it received assurances it can proceed without delays and without undue risk to shareholders.
*With files from Global News
MILAN (Reuters) - European shares rose slightly to near 4-week highs on Monday following gains in Asian markets overnight and helped by strength among financial stocks.
The German share price index, DAX board, is seen at the stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, December 8, 2017. REUTERS/Staff/Remote
The pan-European STOXX 600 index inched up 0.1 percent by 0837 GMT with banks leading sectoral gainers on relief after last week's deal on new global banking rules and ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday.
The STOXX 600 has recovered part of the losses suffered in November but remains more than 2 percent below the two-year highs hit at the start of last month.
Traders said markets will likely remain quiet before the much awaited Fed meeting, which is widely expected to raise rates, a measure that could support banking stocks.
“There is not much major data scheduled to be released today, which makes range-trading the most likely scenario... Also with the FOMC meeting just around the corner many traders might prefer to remain on the sideline for now,” said Markus Huber, trader at City of London Markets.
HSBC was the biggest gainer on Monday, up 1.8 percent, while among other heavyweight banks, UBS rose 0.6 percent and France's BNP Paribas was up 0.2 percent, while Deutsche Bank declined 0.6 percent.
Over the weekend, Deutsche Bank's finance chief told a German paper the bank was able to cope with the stricter capital rules on banks that were agreed last week.
Top gainers on the STOXX were Steinhoff, which rose 23 percent to break three sessions of dramatic losses stemming from its discovery of accounting irregularities, and Italian defence contractor Leonardo, up 2.5 percent following an upbeat note from Goldman Sachs.
Elsewhere, Bayer shares were 0.7 percent higher, brushing off a report that EU antitrust regulators are expected to warn the group in the coming weeks that its planned takeover of U.S. seed maker Monsanto may hurt competition.
AB InBev was up 0.7 percent following a source-based report saying the company is among the brewing groups looking to bid for a stake in Vietnam's largest brewer in a $5 billion sale process.
Gains on the broader market were limited by renewed weakness among tech stocks, the sector which has gained the most in Europe so far this year. Chipmaker AMS, whose shares have risen more than 220 percent so far this year, was the biggest faller on the STOXX 600, down more than 3 percent.
Also weighing were losses among utilities and telecoms, two sectors which tend to underperform when interest rates rise, making their steady dividend flows less attractive.
MELBOURNE: Australian long distance swimming great Grant Hackett was arrested and detained by police in the Gold Coast on Wednesday after a "breakdown" at his parents' home, local media reported.
The troubled triple Olympic champion's father told local newspaper, the Gold Coast Bulletin, that he had called the police so his 36-year-old son could be given help.
"Grant's got a medical problem and it manifested itself here this morning... he was raving and ranting a bit," Neville Hackett told the paper.
"He's been receiving treatment from a doctor. He's big and powerful when he's not happy. We decided he needed some treatment but there was no way he was going to go and get treatment this morning, so we called the police.
"The only way the police can do anything under the law of the land is to arrest him for domestic violence."
Neville Hackett said the swimmer had not made any threats but was not "what you say is a normal person".
Local broadcaster Channel Seven posted video footage of Hackett being driven to a local police station in handcuffs.
A Queensland Police spokesman said a man had been arrested "following a disturbance at a Surfer's Avenue address at Mermaid Waters around midday".
Grant Hackett's agent was unavailable for comment.
Hackett won 1,500 metres gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics and at Athens in 2004 before retiring after the 2008 Games in Beijing, where he won silver in the event.
The 10-times world champion returned to the pool last year to make an unsuccessful bid to qualify for the Rio Olympics.
He was questioned by airport police in Melbourne last April after an altercation with a passenger on a flight. He said he had been binge drinking in the wake of his Olympic disappointment and publicly apologised.
Hackett has previously struggled with prescription drug problems and admitted he became dependent on a sleep medication.
The swimmer flew to the United States in 2014 to spend time in a rehab centre after he was spotted topless and disoriented in the lobby of a Melbourne casino.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by John O'Brien)
Rapper T.I. has no plans to ever run for public office, but he said he wants to make a difference in underserved communities through activism and music.
The Atlanta-based artist spoke about affecting positive change in his community while backstage at the Rock and Roll of Fame induction ceremony earlier this month in New York.
The rapper performed in honor of the late Tupac Shakur after Snoop Dogg inducted him into the Rock Hall.
“It's an extreme honor,” said T.I. “I feel like, you know, as a kid, Pac was my favorite rapper since the first time I heard him, and you know, that's the first person I ever, as an artist, hoped to pattern myself after.”
Shakur was gunned down in 1996 in Las Vegas at the height of his career. If he were alive today, T.I. thinks he would be more than a musician.
“Anything could have happened with Pac, man. Just his diverse intellect, and the way he thought outside the box could have led him anywhere in life,” he said. “He may have gotten into politics by now. Who knows?”
T.I. has been active in the community, focusing on youth programs for boys and girls, and feels his role continues to grow when it comes to providing help to those that need it most.
“We get better at it every year as we continue to go in and mentor and do things to help kids in the community. And right now we hope to have some partnerships with some corporations, strengthen our resources, and allow us to do more.”
T.I. has expressed frustration over President Donald Trump's rhetoric on Twitter, but said he intends to focus on doing things that “affect our communities in a positive light.”
“Get involved with local elections. Find out who your local politicians are and hold them accountable to create substance within the community,” said the rapper, who plans on releasing new music later this year.
As for running for political office himself, that's not something he sees in the cards.
“I don't think so. I'm not a politician. I'm not a politician. If I can use my influence for the best for someone else, who I feel is deserving, I would do that, but I am not a politician,” he said. “I'm too motivated.”
The Rock and Roll of Fame induction ceremony will air April 29 on HBO.
REUTERS: Activist investor Elliott Management Corp said on Monday NXP Semiconductors NV is worth about 23 per cent more than Qualcomm Inc's US$38-billion offer to buy the chipmaker.
Elliott, which has a stake of about 6 per cent in NXP, said NXP was worth US$135 per share on an intrinsic standalone basis, compared with Qualcomm's offer of US$110 made in October 2016.
NXP shares were up 0.6 per cent at US$116 in morning trading, while Qualcomm's shares were up about 1 per cent at US$64.87.
Elliott, a New York-based hedge fund, said Qualcomm's offer had taken advantage of NXP's depressed stock price last year and has acted as a ceiling on its valuation.
"We believe NXP's prospects are bright. Approximately half of NXP's revenue is exposed to exciting growth engines of the semiconductor market – automotive and industrial," Elliott said in a letter to other NXP shareholders.
Qualcomm replied saying it believed the agreed-upon price of US$110 is full and fair, and that it remained fully committed to closing the acquisition.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Elliott's value assertion for NXP is unsupportable and is clearly nothing more than an attempt to advance its own self-serving agenda," Qualcomm said in a statement.
Elliott said it has retained UBS to conduct a financial analysis on NXP and that it would share the report with other shareholders.
NXP's shares have been trading above Qualcomm's offer price since Aug 4 when Elliott indicated it was pushing for a higher price.
Besides trying to convince NXP investors of the planned acquisition, Qualcomm has also toiled to win regulatory approval and has offered certain concessions to address concerns the deal would hamper competition in the market.
Since it offered to buy NXP, Qualcomm itself has been the target of an acquisition approach from Broadcom, but it rejected the US$103-billion offer last month.
Broadcom had indicated it was willing to acquire Qualcomm, for US$70 per share, irrespective of whether it closed the NXP deal.
Acquiring NXP would make Qualcomm the leading chip supplier to the fast-growing automotive market.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Toronto FC players celebrate a goal by midfielder Victor Vazquez (obscured) in stoppage time against the Seattle Sounders during second-half MLS Cup final soccer action in Toronto, Saturday, Dec. 9, 2017. (Mark Blinch/The Canadian Press via AP)
Toronto FC will hold its victory parade through the downtown core of the city today, two days after winning its first MLS Cup in franchise history.
Toronto beat the Seattle Sounders 2-0 in the championship game at BMO Field Saturday night, becoming the first Canadian team to win the MLS Cup.
The parade is scheduled to start outside Toronto's Air Canada Centre around noon ET and wrap up with a fan rally at Nathan Phillips Square.
Toronto (20-5-9) was the best team during the regular season and set a record with 69 points — the most ever in MLS history.
Led by captain Michael Bradley and forwards Sebastian Giovinco and Jozy Altidore, the Reds set franchise records for wins (20), goals scored (74), the fewest goals allowed (37), shutouts (13), home wins (13), home points (42), road wins (seven) and road points (27).
Toronto also won the Voyageurs Cup as Canadian champions, beating the Montreal Impact in a two-game series in June.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
SHANGHAI/DUBAI: China's civil aviation authority has fined Dubai-based carrier Emirates and barred it from adding new destinations and aircraft in China for six months after two incidents of "unsafe operations", the state news agency Xinhua said on Thursday (Jun 15).
According to the report the Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) said that the pilots were responsible for an incident on April 17 when an aircraft flew at the wrong altitude and another on May 18 when a plane temporarily lost contact with air traffic control.
Both happened over China's far western region of Xinjiang, it said.
CAAC fined Emirates, the world's largest long-haul airline, 29,000 yuan (US$4,270) and said it had summoned senior officials from the airline for a meeting, Xinhua reported without further details.
Emirates said that it "fully complies" with CAAC's requirements for its flights to China and that it would "co-operate fully" and "complete all actions recommended" by the aviation authority regarding the two incidents.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“Emirates will never compromise on the safety of our passengers and crew. Safety is our number-one priority at all times," the airline said in a statement.
(Reporting by John Ruwitch in Shanghai and Alexander Cornwell in Dubai; Editing by Stephen Coates, Greg Mahlich)
MANCHESTER: Manchester United paid homage to the victims of the 1958 Munich disaster that killed eight of the great United Busby Babes side with a silence before Saturday's (Feb 3) home match against Huddersfield Town.
Before the home game that fell closest to the 60th anniversary of the crash, there was a minute's pause before kick-off and fans at the game received a commemorative pack containing a limited-edition book telling the story of the disaster.
Fans at the Stretford End waved a huge banner picturing the Busby Babes and the legend "WE'LL NEVER DIE".
Some supporters also attended a service at the permanent memorial to the victims at the stadium.
In 1958, United were returning from a European Cup tie against Red Star Belgrade when their plane crashed attempting to take off at Munich airport, killing 23 people.
The club will also hold a commemorative service inside Old Trafford on the anniversary of the crash on Tuesday, Feb 6.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"This is something that is part of my life, or part of my football culture before I become Manchester United manager," United manager Jose Mourinho said, sporting a Munich badge, on Friday at his pre-match press conference.
"As Manchester United manager, obviously it means much more but I think it belongs to every sportsman as one of the biggest tragedies and at the same time is a crucial point in Man United history.
"The reaction, the strength, the union after that situation and I think tomorrow is an amazing day to show the respect, to show the passion for the club, respect for them, the families and I think is a day to play well."
United's legendary manager Matt Busby survived the crash despite being badly injured and led the club to their first ever European Cup triumph 10 years later.
Traders in Nairobi have taken to the streets to demonstrate against the jubilee government that has made trade hell for them thanks for the increased taxes.
Jubilee fails proudly, unapologetically and in broad daylight. Look at this! 😣 pic.twitter.com/jn7vmLuBFJ — Benji Ndolo (@BenjiNdolo) July 4, 2018
Tano Tena fruits ,Mtu wetu, where is Kamwana, I thought it is only NASA supporters who are idle, for the majority of Kikuyu's who are demonstrating ,it is learning point that Mtu wetu narrative will not help u,he will ensure umebaki kuwa chokora — ©Job Morendi (@Job_Morendi) July 4, 2018
Social: Viu India's web series shows how OTT platforms are turning to socially relevant content
The internet audience in India is a massive 440 million millennials who are driving the web series content and are said to be a compelling consumer force for the next 20 years. Brands and Bollywood A-listers too have taken notice of the demography and are reaching out to the audience that wants things to be different.
With Amazon Prime Video India and Netflix being joined by Viu, Voot, Alt Balaji, Sony Liv and many more, the OTT space has boomed in India. “While initially there were independent players acting as content curators, today broadcasters have their own digital platform to cater to the internet-savvy audience. There is no doubt that the platform is being aggressively marketed, be it in the form of TV ads, hoardings or free subscription offered to subscribers,” said Patho Dasgupta, CEO, BARC India to Exchange 4 Media.
While most players are looking to provide entertainment that falls midway between Hindi programming of general entertainment channels and western content, the new breed of programming hitting smartphones and laptop is increasingly reflecting social reality and actual concerns of the target audience.
Rana Dagubatti, who is playing a technology tycoon in a social media thriller on Viu India's web series Social, signals this change in content, “The idea of being able to tell a story beyond cinema, beyond television in this new world is what first excited me. Here you are not bound by two-and-a-half hours of getting it done. If you have a character that has to grow, it will keep growing. My character in Social is a visionary, an idealist who sees the good in people even though he is up against fellow corporate giants. He thrives on honesty and transparency, both in and out of his organisation,” said the Baahubali star.
Other shows making a social impact like Social are YRF's Man's World, a show where men and women have interchanged their place in the society leading to exploration of feminist themes in a unique series, and TVF's Tripling which showcases the contemporary issues faced by three different siblings of the same family, from a male divorcee in his thirties to the traditional expectations of a young woman married in today's society, the show chronicles each sibling's growth through a road trip across the country.
Dice Media's hit show What the Folks examine the dynamics of an urban married couple, their middle class parents' quirks and a young sister's attempts at finding independence from all the madness that is created in this comedy of errors.
FILE PHOTO - Facebook logo is seen at a start-up companies gathering at Paris' Station F in Paris, France on January 17, 2017.
(Reuters) - Facebook Inc (FB.O), whose social media platform is blocked in China, authorized a local company to launch a photo-sharing application in the country in May, the New York Times reported, citing a person with knowledge of the company's plans.
The app, called Colorful Balloons, is similar to Facebook's Moments application in function and feel, but does not carry the Facebook name, the Times said on Friday. (nyti.ms/2wBedsB)
The app was released in China by a company called Youge Internet Technology and without any hint that Facebook is affiliated with the company, the Times said, citing a post in Apple's app store.
"We have long said that we are interested in China, and are spending time understanding and learning more about the country in different ways," a Facebook spokesperson said by email.
"Our focus right now is on helping Chinese businesses and developers expand to new markets outside China by using our ad platform."
It was unclear if China's various internet regulators were aware of the app's existence, the Times said.
Western social media websites like Facebook and Twitter (TWTR.N) are blocked by China's censors, which has helped drive up the popularity of home-grown messaging app WeChat, owned by Tencent (0700.HK) and microblogging service Weibo (WB.O).
Zuckerberg in February all but ruled out an expansion in the world's most populous country, saying there would be "no news at all in the near term."
LIVERPOOL: Liverpool's giant step towards a first Champions League final for 13 years was marred by a likely season-ending injury to midfielder Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain that could also rule the England international out of the upcoming World Cup.
Oxlade-Chamberlain, 24, had to be stretchered off after just 18 minutes of Liverpool's 5-2 semi-final, first leg victory over Roma at Anfield on Tuesday (Apr 24).
"The biggest blow for the mood in the dressing room is the injury to Ox," said Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp.
Klopp's men looked certain for the final in Kiev on May 26 when doubles from the outstanding Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino either side of Sadio Mane's strike saw the hosts race into a 5-0 lead.
However, late goals from Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti alied to Oxlade-Chamberlain's injury soured Klopp's mood.
"It looks like this unfotunately," added Klopp when asked if the player's season was over. "That's the reason I'm not flying mood wise. We lost a fantastic player tonight."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Oxlade-Chamberlain has seen a dwindling career revitalised by Klopp since moving to Liverpool last summer.
The former Arsenal man scored a stunning goal in Liverpool's 3-0 quarter-final, first leg win over Manchester City and was widely expected to be included in the England squad for the World Cup, which starts in Russia on Jun 15.
Share Share +1 Shares 0
86 Special Constables (volunteer police officers) gave up 1,168 hours of their own time to policing North Yorkshire last week covering the National Special Constabulary Weekend and an extended week of action, culminating in three major events in York, Knaresborough and Skipton.
1 June 2017 saw specials take to the streets of York to support regular colleagues on high-visibility and antisocial behaviour patrols as well as supporting response officers with ongoing incidents into the early hours. Drink and drug drive patrols followed over the weekend with officers supporting this year's national summer drink and drug driving campaign. Meanwhile our student special constables were put through their paces with officer safety training at police HQ.
On Monday a team of specials from York joined regular offices and police staff at ‘York Cares' Big Community Challenge, helping to transform a local community centre to allow residents to garden, grow food and socialise together. The day was organised by North Yorkshire Police's citizens in policing team as a way of giving something back to the communities who volunteer for us.
Poignantly, the 25th anniversary of the murder of Special Constable Glenn Goodman fell on 7 June – the final day of National Volunteers Week. Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverley-Holmes was joined by Glenn's parents Brian and Margaret, area commander Superintendent Adam Thomson, and special constables old and new to remember Glenn at his police memorial in Tadcaster. Glenn was murdered in 1992 by Paul Magee who was jailed for life but later released from prison under the Good Friday Agreement.
Thursday saw special constables deployed alongside regular colleagues at polling stations across the county to ensure voting in the general election passed off safely.
The following weekend (10-11 June) saw special constables support three major events across the county – York Pride, the Great Knaresborough Bed Race and Skipton Gala.
The Great Knaresborough Bed Race is an annual event that is policed entirely by special constables. Without their support, the event would not have anywhere near the same level of policing. From the operational order to the deployments on the streets, the special constabulary do it all.
The visible police presence throughout the event ensures that disorder is kept to a minimum and any hint of antisocial behaviour can be responded to immediately before it escalates.
Special Chief Officer Sharron Moverley-Holmes, whose day job is as a Special Constabulary Coordinator for North Yorkshire Police, said: Once again we see our brilliant special constabulary give their all in support of their local communities, going beyond what is asked of them and providing massive support to their regular colleagues. This year we saw a real outpouring of gratitude and love from members of the public who were very pleased to see us, providing a great opportunity for engagement which added to the fantastic atmosphere of the events. Our numbers are depleted after a lot of our specials were snapped up during a recent, regular recruitment campaign, so the pressure was really on our remaining officers and they did not disappoint. My thanks go to them all for their unstinting support, it is very much valued and appreciated.
Special Constables, or “specials” as they are known, come from all walks of life and backgrounds and bring a diverse range of skills and life experiences to policing.
They have the same powers and uniform as regular police officers and are required to volunteer at least 16 hours per month to policing duties.
North Yorkshire Police will be recruiting special constables from 3 July 2017. For more information, visit northyorkshire.police.uk/specials
A Johannesburg Metro Police Department (JMPD) officer has been sentenced to three years in prison or a R5 000 fine for accepting a R100 bribe.
Nkgoape Lydia Matsapola, 41, was sentenced by the Roodepoort Magistrate's Court on Thursday following her arrest in a sting operation conducted by members of the National Traffic Anti-Corruption Unit (Ntacu) in March last year.
“She stopped an undercover agent for driving a vehicle without a valid licence disc. She accepted a R100 bribe in exchange for allowing the agent to drive away without the required fine,” said Road Traffic Management Corporation (RTMC) spokesperson Simon Zwane.
Matsapola was charged under the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act and the magistrate took into account her unique personal circumstances in mitigation of sentence.
“She was further sentenced to five years' imprisonment suspended for five years provided she is not found guilty of a similar offence again. The magistrate declared her unfit to possess a firearm,” Zwane said.
The RTMC will now apply to have the officer unregistered as an authorised officer to prevent her from ever working in law enforcement.
“The sentence should send a message to other traffic law enforcement officers that bribery and corruption has very negative consequences,” said Zwane.
Public urged to report fraud, corruption
Three other traffic officers have been dismissed by the North West department of community safety and transport management after they were found guilty of dishonesty.
“The three were arrested by Ntacu in December 2016 for taking bribes from undercover officers. An internal disciplinary hearing found MS Morule, AL Matome and B Rossouw guilty of breaching the relationship of trust that existed between them and their employer and ordered their dismissal,” he said.
The three are expected to appear in the Brits Magistrate's Court on charges related to bribery.
They are currently out on bail of R2 000 each.
Zwane added that the Gauteng department of community safety had also dismissed a provincial inspector, Clement Khonke, for accepting a R200 bribe from an anti-corruption agent on December 24 last year.
“Khonke is facing criminal charges and is expected to appear in the Springs Magistrate's Court soon. He is currently out on R1 000 bail.”
Zwane urged members of the public to report fraud and corruption involving traffic law enforcement officers to Ntacu on 0861 400 800.
[SOURCE: NEWS 24]
Comments
comments
Montreal police are investigating what is being described as an attempted murder after a man in his 30s was shot Saturday afternoon.
Montreal police spokesperson Jean-Pierre Brabant said the shooting happened at around 4 p.m. inside a garage of an apartment building on Côte-des-Neiges Road near Decelles Avenue.
When officers arrived at the scene, they located the victim, who had been shot at least once in the upper body.
READ MORE: Woman hospitalized after shooting inside Montreal resto-bar
He was rushed to hospital, but the extent of his injuries is not yet known.
A perimeter has been established around the crime scene.
READ MORE: Montreal police say man hospitalized after shooting in Notre-Dame-de-Grâce
Côte-des-Neiges Road is closed in the southbound direction starting at Queen Mary Road.
No arrests have been made.
Preview: Professionalism will be pitted against passion when defending champions India square off with Bangladesh in the second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy at Edgbaston on Thursday.
On paper, India are overwhelming favourites against the next door neighbours but in a game of glorious uncertainties, it will be foolhardy to count Bangladesh out of equation.
Especially after their inspirational 'come from behind' victory against New Zealand that paved the way for their semi-final berth.
India, after a clinical performance against South Africa, would like to maintain the same intensity against a team that could prove to be a proverbial banana peel for them.
Batsmen in form, bowlers on target and fielding top notch — Virat Kohli's men have covered all bases so far and Mashrafe Mortaza's men — after their lucky entry into semi- finals — will have to pull off something really special at the Edgbaston Cricket Ground.
For India, nothing short of a place in the summit round will satisfy them while Bangladesh are standing at the cusp of what could be the biggest day in their cricketing history, if they manage to pull off a victory.
A victory for India will be par for the course for which they won't possibly get the credit that one gets for beating Australia, South Africa or England.
But a defeat will lead to unparalleled criticism from fans and critics alike with some of the uncomfortable behind the scene happenings (like the alleged Anil Kumble-Virat Kohli rift) again raising their head.
It will be interesting to see if India retain Ravichandran Ashwin or bring Umesh Yadav back as his pace scared the Bangladeshi batsmen during their 240-run thrashing in a warm-up game.
In case of Bangladesh, their aim will be to repeat the performance of the 2007 World Cup of opener in Port of Spain— still a 'Red Letter Day' in cricketing history.
Four members of that side — skipper Mashrafe Mortaza, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim and Tamim Iqbal — are stars of this current line-up.
One day cricket is one format where perhaps Bangladesh have the best chance of beating India. This is a format which is neither too long like Test cricket where temperament is challenged nor too short like T20 where quick-on-the-feet innovation is required.
Fifty overs is adequate time in which the tiny nation have gained its mojo in the past 3 years building a reasonably good unit that can put up a fight.
They have shown they could do that during the 2015 home series which they won 2-1, thanks to the then teenage sensation Mustafizur Rahaman and his deadly cutters.
But the 50-over India versus Bangladesh contests have never been short of drama — thanks to the overtly passionate fans and media.
'Tigers', as they are referred to have such a passionate following that their country's media has been successfully able to 'marry' nationalism with cricket taking it to an altogether different level.
An interesting anecdote will reveal how cricket and nationalism has been inter-linked in Bangladesh's social life and even cricketers have been voluntarily a part of it.
It is learnt that the entire Bangladesh team was watching the England versus Australia game together. Once England's victory ensured Bangladesh's qualification, their strike bowler Taskin Ahmed started singing a popular song with others joining in chorus.
The song is the extremely popular Bengali rendition 'Amra Korbo Joy' of Pete Seeger's iconic 'We Shall Overcome'. The entire team joined in chorus and they uploaded the video on facebook, which acquired millions of hits.
Bangladeshis treat cricket as more than a game. If cricket is religion in India, it's beyond that in Bangladesh. It's a getaway from all the worries of poverty, unemployment and other teething issues.
The 2015 World Cup quarter-final against India at the MCG still sticks out like a sore thumb for the Bangladesh players and fans alike.
They still believe that Rohit Sharma was out as Rubel Hossain bowled a perfectly legal delivery. One can't justify that given that even if 40 runs were deducted from Rohit's final score of 137, Bangladesh would have still lost that game.
They believe that Mahmudullah Riyadh could have won them the match had Shikhar Dhawan's contentious claim for a catch at the boundary line not been upheld by the umpires.
The one-run defeat at Bangalore in a ICC World T20 match last year still hurts them bad — a testimony to which was Mushfiqur Rahim's classless tweet after India's semi-final departure.
The former skipper had to delete it after instructions from the Bangladesh Cricket Board.
While coach Chandika Hathurusingha tries to instill some sense of calmness playing the 'underdog card', there are people in Bangladesh camp, who already, in their dreams, have set their foot in the final.
Just man to man— Bangladesh are no match for the Indian team despite having quality in their ranks.
The opening pair of Shikhar Dhawan and Rohit Sharma are far better than Tamim Iqbal or Soumya Sarkar. However, Tamim has been in good form in the tournament despite a strike-rate in mid 70s.
No one in their dreams would compare Imrul Kayes or Sabbir Rahaman with Virat Kohli's class.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is a legend in 50-overs cricket where Mushfiqur Rahim is still an inconsistent player. Mahmudullah Riyadh is a gutsy match-winner but Yuvraj Singh playing his 300th match is in a different league.
Mashrafe, Taskin, Rubel and Mustafizur are a good attack on a given day and that's Bangladesh's best chance to upset India. But even there, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Hardik Pandya have more quality.
Squads:
India: Virat Kohli (captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Kedar Jadhav, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Umesh Yadav, Ajinkya Rahane, Ravichandran Ashwin, Dinesh Karthik, Mohammed Shami.
Bangladesh: Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Tamim Iqbal, Imrul Kayes, Soumya Sarkar, Sabbir Rahaman, Mahmudullah Riyadh, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Rubel Hossain, Mustafizur Rahaman, Taskin Ahmed, Mehedi Hossain Miraz, Mossadek Hossain, Sunzamul Islam, Shafiul Islam.
With inputs from PTI
HAMILTON — Ontario's Liberal premier travelled to the heart of her NDP rival's riding on Wednesday to portray herself as the only seasoned stateswoman in the province's election campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray.
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant, Kathleen Wynne attacked both New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath and the Progressive Conservatives' Doug Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs.
“On the one end of the spectrum, you have Doug Ford — he's expressed his admiration for (U.S. President) Donald Trump, despite the chaos, the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario,” Wynne said. “On the other extreme, you have the NDP, who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position.”
Stelco is one of the finest steel producers in the world, and the heart of Hamilton. We need to fight for trade deals that are fair #Hamont #CareOverCuts pic.twitter.com/dLfsXXe2GZ — Kathleen Wynne (@Kathleen_Wynne) May 30, 2018
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis. The exemption is due to expire Friday.
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada, Wynne played up her own efforts.
“Over the past year, I have met with 37 governors, I have met with senators, I've met with congresspeople, I've met with senior members of the U.S. administration, all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border,” said Wynne, who has been trailing behind her rivals in recent polls.
“We were assertive, we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario's case to those decision makers. That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off.”
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees, business leaders, and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Voters have a choice in next week's vote between her and her two inexperienced rivals, she said.
“They're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials,” Wynne said. “That's the reality of the role premier (and) we cannot let ideology get in our way.”
NT NETWORK
MARGAO
Most of the 88 mining leases whose renewal was quashed by the Supreme Court further ordering stoppage of mining activities from March 16 have not fulfilled the conditions laid down for them ahead of monsoon.
According to sources, most of the mines have failed to take steps to comply with the conditions such as fencing of the lease areas and it could prove disastrous during monsoon. Sources said that the issue was also discussed during a disaster management authority meeting.
Chief Secretary Dharmendra Sharma has fixed a meeting on June 1 to decide on the observations
made by the committee constituted by the Directorate General of Mines Safety on the 88 mining leases in the state, informed an official source.
The committee has inspected the mines to ascertain their factual position ahead of the monsoon season and the reports have been sent to the government. The inspections were conducted between May 15 and May 22.
“We have carried out inspections of the 88 mines. Observations on each and every mine have been made and sent to the state government. The government will decide further,” said deputy director of the Directorate General of Mines Safety K K Dokuparthy. He, however, did not elaborate further stating that he was not authorised to do so.
(Reuters Health) - Antidepressant use right before and during pregnancy may be linked with a higher risk of an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in children, hints a new analysis of past research.
But pregnant women on antidepressant medications should not stop taking them, because the data that tie their use in pregnancy to ASDs are weak, said the study's senior author. Additionally, there could be consequences to not treating depression during pregnancy.
"Each prescription should be evaluated individually," said Dr. Florence Gressier, of the Bicetre University Hospital in Le Kremlin-Bicetre, France.
Gressier and colleagues write in JAMA Pediatrics that up to 15 percent of women have depression during pregnancy. Women with untreated depression are at an increased risk of complications and poor follow up for a number of chronic health conditions like diabetes and high blood pressure.
The use of antidepressants during pregnancy is increasing around the world, write the researchers. The most popular ones, known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), are linked to a number of risks and some benefits during pregnancy.
The researchers add that other research suggests children exposed to antidepressants in the womb are at an increased risk for ASDs, which the U.S. National Institute of Mental Health says are a group of developmental disorders that may affect communication, social and other skills.
For the new analysis, the researchers combed academic databases for studies that examined the link between antidepressant exposure in the womb and the risk of ASDs. They found 10 studies with mixed results.
When the researchers looked at six studies with 117,737 participants that compared people with autism to people without, they found that children were 81 percent more likely to be diagnosed with an ASD if they were exposed to antidepressants during pregnancy.
Some of that excess risk, however, could be explained by the mothers' past history of mental illness.
The researchers found similar results when they looked at antidepressant exposure during specific trimesters.
There was no link between antidepressant use during pregnancy and ASDs when the researchers looked at two studies that followed 772,331 children over time.
Data from four studies did show 77 percent higher odds of ASDs among children born to women who used antidepressants before pregnancy, however.
"I think this is one of these situations where this gets a lot of attention in the media, but the results are actually pretty challenging to interpret," said Dr. Jeremy Veenstra-VanderWeele, of the Columbia University Department of Psychiatry in New York. "In some ways, the strongest association with preconception exposure and increased risk of ASDs suggests to me at least there is something hidden here."
Veenstra-VanderWeele, who was not involved with the new analysis, told Reuters Health it's difficult to account for several factors that may also explain the increased risk of ASDs. For example, the researchers can't control for the severity of the mother's mental illness and how resistant it is to treatment.
"From my perspective, the data on antidepressant use during pregnancy in relation to autism risk would not prevent me from prescribing these medicines," he said.
More detailed data are required, Gressier told Reuters Health. For example, researchers should collect data on - among other things - the mothers' depression during pregnancy, depression severity, if the mothers are taking their medications, the dose of the medication and use of other substances.
SOURCE: http://bit.ly/2nWhjXs JAMA Pediatrics, online April 17, 2017.
ZHYTOMYR, UkrainE: Dental treatment by the best vets, open-air accommodation and fresh fish instead of dubious leftovers and abuse -- life has changed markedly for brown bears rescued from Ukrainian circuses and restaurants.
Tortured for years by humans, the animals have received a second lease of life in the city of Zhytomyr in northwestern Ukraine.
Opened in 2012 by the Vienna-based animal welfare charity Four Paws, the shelter soon became one of the region's prime attractions.
"I saw bears before in Kiev zoos, but they were much sadder than here," Myroslava, 10, says in reference to the Ukrainian capital.
"Here they are happy", says Myroslava after coming to the shelter with her school class and being particularly taken by a scarred female bare named Masha.
"I don't like the fact that she was severely beaten before and that she has scars. I was scared for her."
A HOME FOR FIVE
The whole shelter was initially built for only one bear named Nastya, who was seized from her mother when she was three months old and sold to a private zoo.
It took two months for volunteers to find her and return her to her birthplace, but Nastya's mother refused to accept her as her own.
Nastya was soon joined by another brown bear, Masha, who was rescued from a hunting dog training centre, where she served as the bait.
"We received her in a terrible state: the hair on her neck had been worn away by a collar, her tail was torn off, nose scratched", shelter manager Oleksandr Leonov tells AFP.
A law banning the training of hunting dogs on bears was only adopted in Ukraine in 2015, and it noticeably simplified the work of animal rights activists across the country.
The shelter's staff usually finds out about abused animals from ordinary people and goes straight to the location to verify the tip.
Once the bear is transported to Four Paws, a group of veterinarians from Austria and Germany come to Ukraine to make a physical examination and carry out all the necessary vaccinations.
The bear is then released into the shelter's spacious enclosure, where the creature can finally start a new life.
Four Paws park is now home to five brown bears saved from places such as roadside cafe and private circuses.
"Olya (the oldest bear in the shelter) was blind when she came here. Possibly she was blinded on purpose", manager Leonov says.
"And her teeth were in a very bad condition. Last year dentists came here to treat her teeth and everything is much better now."
BEARS FOR SALE
"It is considered fashionable to have a bear at home or in a restaurant, or to make money off people who get amused by seeing a bear on a chain", says Taras Boyko from the Four Paws wild animals department.
"This complex problem is rooted in the mentality of our people."
Maryna Shkvyrya, widely considered to be the leading scientific expert on bears in Ukraine, explains that most privately owned bears were already born in captivity, but that there was also a black market on which bears are sold.
Some bears come from the Carpathian Mountains in Ukraine's west, but most are smuggled in across the border with Russia, where hunting for bears is legal and a lot of cubs are motherless. The east of the country has been ravaged by a three-year war with Russian-backed insurgents.
"These cubs are sold as a gift, as a living toy, as an animal that will be the object for training hunting dogs", Shkvyrya says.
"On the black market, prices start from US$1,000 (945 euros) and go up to several thousand dollars per cub," she adds.
Four Paws plans to open another large shelter for bears in the western Lviv region in September 2017 to bring them closer to their natural habitat.
But there are no plans to release the saved bears into the wild.
Their behaviour changes dramatically while in human captivity and they may be unable to cohabitate with other animals.
"Our project gives these bears an opportunity to spend the rest of their life in normal conditions," Shkvyrya says. "And also to show people the consequences of animal abuse."
Mayor Catherine Pugh said Monday she has reached out to two contractors about removing Confederate-era monuments in Baltimore.
“It's my intention to move forward with the removal of the statues,” the mayor said.
Pugh said she was frustrated the process for removing the statues wasn't further along when she took office. She noted former Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake had a commission's recommendation to remove two of four Confederate-era monuments for nearly a year before leaving office.
Pugh suggested going even further than the commission recommended.
“We're looking at all four of them,” she said.
Councilman Brandon Scott said he intends to introduce legislation on the topic at Monday's City Council meeting.
Pugh said there are still a number of matters to take care of before the monuments can be removed, including paying for the work and receiving permission from the Maryland Historical Trust.
She said Rawlings-Blake was supposed to appoint a task force to handle those details, but never did.
Pugh said she hoped to transfer the statues to Confederate cemeteries elsewhere in Maryland. She added she didn't want to announce a specific date when the monuments would be removed in hopes of avoiding the violence experienced in Charlottesville over the weekend when white nationalists descended on the town from out of state.
Rawlings-Blake appointed a commission of academics and officials to review the Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument on Mount Royal Avenue, the Confederate Women's Monument on West University Parkway, the Roger B. Taney Monument on Mount Vernon Place, and the Robert E. Lee and Thomas. J. “Stonewall” Jackson Monument in the Wyman Park Dell.
The commission recommended removing the Taney and Lee and Jackson monuments, and adding signs to the two others.
Members suggested the Lee and Jackson statue be offered to the National Park Service to place in Chancellorsville, Va., where the two Confederate generals last met in 1863. They said the statue of Taney, the chief justice from Maryland who wrote in the notorious Dred Scott decision that African-Americans could not be U.S. citizens, should be discarded.
The commission noted that about 65,000 Marylanders fought for the Union while 22,000 fought for the Confederacy, yet Baltimore has just one public monument to the Union.
Before Rawlings-Blake left office last year, she added signs in front of four Confederate monuments in Baltimore. The signs said, in part, that the monuments were “part of a propaganda campaign of national pro-Confederate organizations to perpetuate the beliefs of white supremacy, falsify history and support segregation and racial intimidation.”
Photos through the years of the Robert E. Lee and "Stonewall" Jackson statue in Wyman Park Dell in North Baltimore. Mayor Pugh says she would like to remove all Confederate statues in the city.
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
A new round of proposed U.S. sanctions on Russia are evidence of an internal political struggle in the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday during his annual question and answer session with Russian citizens.
MOSCOW: A new round of proposed U.S. sanctions on Russia are evidence of an internal political struggle in the United States, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday during his annual question and answer session with Russian citizens.
The U.S. Senate voted overwhelmingly on Wednesday for new sanctions to punish Russia for its alleged meddling in the 2016 U.S. election, and to force President Donald Trump to get Congress' approval before easing any existing sanctions.
Putin said Washington's policy of imposing sanctions on Moscow on various pretexts had always been to try to contain Russia.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe and Alexander Winning; Writing by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
MEDINA, N.Y. (WIVB) – A Medina man has been charged with selling cocaine and prescription pills following an investigation by the Orleans County Major Felony Crime Task Force.
Russell E. Sargent, 50, of West Avenue, was charged Monday with third degree criminal sale of a controlled substance, third degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, two counts of fifth degree criminal sale of a controlled substance, and two counts of criminal possession of a controlled substance.
He was arraigned in Orleans County Court and remanded to Orleans County Jail on $2,500 cash/$5,000 bond. He is scheduled to return to court 2 p.m. Aug. 28.
Further charges and arrests are pending in the investigation.
Istanbul Modern Cinema is shedding light on the great career of British actor Daniel Day- Lewis, who announced that he has quit acting last year.
Starting his career with "Sunday, Bloody Sunday," in 1971, Lewis has worked with some of the greatest directors including Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese. He is the most Oscar-winning male actor with awards for the Irish production "My Left Foot (1989)," directed by Jim Sheridan, "There Will Be Blood (2007)" and Lincoln (2012).
His latest movie at the program
Lewis worked with director Paul Thomas Anderson for the second time in "Phantom Thread (2017)." While he doesn't say if it's his first choice, he has finally introduced tailoring to his career, which he mentioned that he is fond of many times. Traveling back in time to "The Bounty (1984)," Istanbul Modern Cinema brings together the characters, who the actor has given life to at the thin place where arts and crafts meet.
Here are the Daniel Day-Lewis films to be screened in the selection:
PHANTOM THREAD (2018)
Bringing together master director Paul Thomas Anderson with Daniel Day-Lewis for the second time, "Phantom Thread" is about the extraordinary love between the 1950s leading fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock and Alma, whom he met during a trip. Woodcock is an ill-tempered grumpy designer who is meticulous and talented dressing elegant women from London and European high societies. The life of this fashion genius who leads a very strictly regular and systematic life is about to change when he invites Alma to his home and as this muse of inspiration finds herself a permanent place in the house. "Phantom Threat" is an impressive production, with its impressive visual language, poetic soundtrack and sophisticated expression.
When: Tomorrow and June 2
LINCOLN (2012)
Directed by Steven Spielberg, the movie focuses on the life of Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, whose presidency coincides with the end of the civil war. "Lincoln" presents the patient and determined struggle of the American president for a constitutional amendment that will end slavery, with a Best Actor Oscar-winning performance by Daniel Day-Lewis. This immersing political thriller, which also focuses deeply on the political maneuvers of the time, will make audiences feel as if they are watching Abraham Lincoln himself.
When: Tomorrow
THERE WILL BE BLOOD (2007)
Daniel Plainview owns a company that explores oil in Southern California in the early 1900s. With his endless ambition for obtaining search warrants on the properties of the locals, he soon improves his power of buying oil and doubles his fortune. With a tip he receives, he visits a town for finding more oil but runs into an ambitious monk like himself. The meeting of these individuals, who represent the most important exploitation tools; money and religion, results in a brutal struggle and cause all values they believe in to disappear. Adapted from Upton Sinclair's novel "Oil!" published in 1927 by director Paul Thomas Anderson, this movie was nominated for Oscars in eight categories, winning Daniel Day-Lewis his second Oscar for Best Actor.
When: June 3
IN THE NAME OF THE FATHER (1993)
Directed by Jim Sheridan, "In the Name of they Father" is inspired the real-life story of Irish Gerry Conlon, who was one of the four people arrested as the perpetrators of an IRA bombing in London in the 1970s. Conlon, spending his days with small thefts and living his life day by day is one side and his father, who was imprisoned unjustly despite being a hardworking and honest man is another. These two men find themselves sentenced in the same cell and will get the chance to reconsider the father-son relationship they lost while they fight for justice.
When: June 2
MY LEFT FOOT (1989)
Christy Brown was born into a poor family with cerebral palsy and has no control over his body and unable to talk. He is imprisoned to a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Brown realizes that his left foot is not affected by the paralysis one day. He now has a reason to hold on to life now and he will be expressing his feelings with novels and poems he will write with his left foot and show the whole world what he was keeping in his soul. This movie, which director Jim Sheridan adapted from the real life of Christy Brown, one of the most respected names in Irish literature, was his first feature-length movie and was nominated for Oscars in five categories, winning Daniel Day-Lewis the Best Actor Oscar.
THE BOUNTY (1984)
Directed by Roger Donaldson, "The Bounty" is based on true events that place during the Tahiti trip of British Royal ship, H.M.S. Bounty in 1789. The ship, which goes to Tahiti to look for breadfruit tree to carry to Jamaica, finally arrives in Tahiti after a long and difficult journey. The crew stays on this tropical island, which is like a corner of paradise, for longer than expected and they get used to the casual life on the island and move away from the disciplined life on the ship. A group that cannot stand the captain, whose attitude gets more authoritarian day by day, take control of the ship under the leadership of the second captain. This was the third movie shot on this subject, but "The Bounty" stands out with its star cast and technique when compared to the older versions.
Questlove says he was driven by “justifiable anger” when writing a song for the soundtrack of “Detroit.”
At a screening, the Roots drummer told us he wanted the tune “It Ain't Fair” to remind audiences that the themes in the film — which tells the story of extreme police brutality during the 1967 riots in Detroit — are still tragically relevant.
“When we did the song it was easy to come out the gate with justifiable anger,” said the musician at the Metrograph. “What happened in 1967 is still happening today — the shootings, trials, settlements and then it is on to the next, and this is still happening in 2017.”
Also at the event was rock legend Patti Smith, Emil Wilbekin and Isiah Whitlock Jr.
This was one downtown traffic gridlock situation that no one was complaining about.
No tickets. No towing. No honking.
Just cheering!
It seems there are lots of exceptions to the usual rules when you are celebrating being the best. For example, when do you ever see those convertible doubler decker tourist buses moving around the city, packed with passengers in the open air on Dec. 11?
Not only was one of these buses carrying the MLS cup but the TFC players who won it, too: Michael Bradley, Jozy Altidore, Alex Bono, Benoit Cheyrou, Sebastian Giovinco, Drew Moor, Ashtone Morgan, Jonathan Osorio, Victor Vazquez and Tosaint Ricketts to name some of them. And don't forget MLS coach of year Greg Vanney, too!
From the Air Canada Centre to Nathan Phillips Square at City Hall, the city was painted red for the Reds. What a celebration.
“I just wanted to let you guys know I have been partying since Saturday,” Altidore — who scored the winning goal — yelled to thousands who came out to enjoy the moment.
He's not the only one who has been partying. TFC faithful have been savouring this win.
“We have the greatest fans anywhere,” said Mayor John Tory. “Our city is proud of this team and love this team and I know the players love us, too.”
I think that's the underlying win in this story. It's not just about a championship for a sports team but a coming of age of a city which is truly international in every way. The fans love the players and the players love living here. Neat.
We always have had a passion for hockey, baseball, football — but in just two decades — we've developed a rabid fan base for lacrosse, basketball and soccer, too. But the TFC supporters really are something special. These fans have taken the responsibility of that to levels we don't see with the other teams and we don't see in other cities either.
They were great all year and Monday — in the parade — they sang their fight songs, banged drums and waved flags in a way that made thousands of celebrants feel like they were part of something very unique.
“It's just an amazing day,” said Elizabeth Dakin. “What an experience.”
The TFC supporter groups are a big part of creating that experience. Whether it's the Red Patch Boys, the Original 109, the Kings in the North, Tribal Rhythm Nation, U-Sector or the amazing Inebriatti, these supporters are the heartbeat of this franchise. They are there no matter how cold the weather or how few the wins.
Everybody connected with this team said the same thing. This win was for the rabid TFC fans.
“I can tell you there are teams all over Europe who would love to have these fans,” said George Watters, who came to Canada from Belfast 37 years ago and has been a TFC season ticket holder from the beginning. “I went to a game at Old Trafford with Manchester United and these fans were much louder then there. They are the best.”
MLSE Chairman Larry Tanenbaum said team management can get the best president, GM, coach and top players — all of which he did — but the fans are that 12th man.
Captain Bradley agrees: “I have played in Rome and all over Europe and the relationship between this team and its fans is like nowhere else. It is special and we don't take it for granted. It is a huge privilege. This is the best sports city in the world. This is also the best city in the world.”
It's also a city with two championships in two weeks. The Toronto Argos won the Grey Cup in dramatic fashion. Which team is next? Maple Leafs, Rock? Raptors? Blue Jays? Why not?
No one is going to moan about the traffic jams if it happens.
The city of Toronto continued to band together the day after a deadly van attack in the city claimed the lives of 10 people and injured 15 others.
Candles and flowers piled up along the stretch of Yonge Street where a 25-year-old man allegedly drove a rented van down sidewalks Monday afternoon, striking pedestrians in his path.
READ MORE: Toronto van attack suspect charged with 10 counts of 1st-degree murder, 13 of attempted murder
Alek Minassian, of Richmond Hill, Ont., has since been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Near the area where Monday's carnage unfolded, well-wishers wept as they struggled to make sense of the violence that shattered the peace of a usually bustling neighbourhood that regulars describe as a safe haven.
WATCH: Toronto van attack: Resident tearfully calls incident ‘unthinkable'
The memorial was set up on the east side of Yonge Street, just below Finch Avenue, where the deadly incident took place.
Libby Roach, who has lived in the neighbourhood for 15 years, told Global News she visited the site because she couldn't do anything else on Tuesday.
“I live just down the street and this is my old running route and this could have been any of us,” she said through tears. “I honestly couldn't work, I couldn't do anything today and I felt like coming here and I'm probably going to go give blood now if I can find a bank.”
READ MORE: Toronto van attack: What we know about suspect Alek Minassian
Roach was getting off the subway when she saw the surrounding streets shut down.
“This just isn't supposed to happen, anywhere,” she said.
“You feel for this community considering that you live here, you shop here, you laugh with the people here, you go out here,” said neighbourhood resident Don-Antonio Andrew. “It's a very traumatic time for this area and for your neighbourhood.”
WATCH: Toronto van attack: Woman tearfully describes her sadness while visiting van attack memorial
Andrew, who said one pedestrian got hit directly in front of his apartment building, came to lay flowers at the scene in a show of solidarity with the neighbourhood he described as one of the best he's lived in since he moved to Canada.
Premier Kathleen Wynne along with Mayor John Tory visited the memorial to leave a message for the victims and to pay their respects.
“It's very sober and very sombre,” Wynne told reporters. “I think it's important for people to have a place to come to express their thoughts and their pain and you can just see by reading what people have written is that they so want to reach out and they so want to stand with the families.
WATCH: Toronto van attack: Kathleen Wynne, John Tory call memorial ‘sobering, sombre'
“One note I saw, ‘we don't know you, but we love you,' I think that's the essence of what all the messages are,” she said.
Wynne said it's hard to find the “right” words that will actually comfort those affected but she wants the city to know, on behalf of all of Ontario, that they are loved.
Tory echoed Wynne's sentiments and said he was there for the same reason.
“This place will forever be a scar on the city of Toronto, but one thing about all scars is that they're part of the healing process,” he said. “We love these people, they were our fellow Torontonians.”
READ MORE: These are the victims of the Toronto van attack
Claire Hurley, who was making her own floral contribution to the makeshift memorial, said the fatal attack was difficult to reconcile with the safe community she's come to know.
“This always seems like a really safe neighbourhood, so it was a big shock,” she said while wiping back tears. “Everyone was out enjoying the sunshine, and enjoying life. I guess you just have to … enjoy every day.”
READ MORE: In the wake of the Toronto van attack, good deeds surge. You can help too
A prayer and moment of silence was held at the site around 1:30 p.m. in honour of those who lost their lives and those who are still suffering in hospital.
A “Walk of Memory” is also scheduled for 6 p.m. along Yonge.
—With files from The Canadian Press
LONDON: Chinese businessman Jisheng Gao has completed a takeover of Southampton, club owner Katharina Liebherr said in a letter to fans on Monday (Aug 14).
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together," Liebherr said.
Although no details of the deal were released, local media reported that Gao had purchased an 80 per cent stake for around £120 million (US$155.60 million).
Liebherr said she had built up a close relationship with Gao's daughter Nelly Gao, who local media said would join the board.
The Premier League approved the takeover by Gao's company in June, and the deal takes to 28 the number of European clubs now under Chinese ownership.
Seven of those are British: West Bromwich Albion, Birmingham City, Aston Villa, Wolves, Reading and Northampton are the others, with Manchester City also 13 per cent owned by Chinese.
Advertisement
New Delhi: No bids have been received so far for stake in Air India, the government said on Wednesday even as it hoped of getting a good response on the last day of the formal bidding process on Thursday.
"We expect good response before bid closes tomorrow," Civil Aviation Secretary R N Choubey told PTI responding to a query.
He said no bids have been received for the stake sale so far. "We have not received any bids... We are quite hopeful that we will receive bids. Bids are normally received on the last day because bidders want to know who else is bidding," Choubey said.
The deadline for the expression of interest ends on Thursday and the request for proposal could be issued only after 15 June.
Choubey said they will not extend the deadline.
Asked about the steps to be taken after the completion of the deadline, he said, "The Alternative Mechanism will take a call on further action to be taken on Air India's disinvestment."
"We expect that it will take possibly two weeks to finalise the eligible bidders out of Expressions of Interest (EoIs) received. Thereafter, Request for Proposal (RFP) will be invited", Choubey told reporters.
On 23 May, Choubey had said the highest bidder for the airline would be known by August-end. But, the highest bidder might not be the successful bidder, he said, adding the government intends to complete the disinvestment by year-end.
Significantly, he had said the government could decide against selling state-run Air India (AI) if it does not get "adequate" price for it.
"The government has the right to sell or not to sell Air India if the bid price is found to be inadequate," Choubey had told reporters.
"Though the transaction advisor (EY) will assess the enterprise value, the right price for the airline will be decided by us," he said.
Asked about AI employees' union protests against the proposed sale, he said they were conscious of the fact that airlines would do well after privatisation.
The government had on 28 March unveiled plans to sell up to a 76 percent stake in the loss-making carrier, and transfer the management control to private players.
The profitable Air India Express and the joint venture AISATS -- an equal joint venture between the national carrier and the Singapore-based SATS Ltd -- will also be a part of the disinvestment process.
The ailing airline's total debt stood at Rs 48,781 crore at the end of March 2017.
Moderation in smoking is misguided, when it comes to managing associated health risks, argues the Ohio State University's dean of nursing Bernadette Melnyk.
COLUBUS, Ohio: “Everything in moderation.”
It's a common justification made for behaviours that may fall outside the realm of healthy. Whether it's a drink or two or indulging in a favorite dessert, consuming small quantities, rather than abject abstinence, is a more palatable and acceptable option for most people.
The less-is-more approach may be sound when applied to many aspects of our frenzied daily lives, but when it comes to smoking, the same rationale cannot apply.
A new study that I conducted with other nursing and health services researchers has found that those who enjoy the occasional cigarette in social situations are risking their health just as much as the person who smokes a pack or more a day.
Ours is the first population health study to compare the blood pressure and cholesterol levels of people who self-identify as current versus social smokers.
To eliminate risks of cardiovascular disease, the only answer is not to ever start smoking or stop it completely. This needs to be a priority for health providers and policymakers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A RAMP TO A DEAD END
A study of nearly 40,000 people we conducted over a four-year period identified non-smokers, current regular smokers and those who said they were social smokers, meaning they didn't have a cigarette every day. The social smokers in our study tended to be younger, male and were disproportionately Hispanic.
Social smokers have been identified in previous studies as those who smoke in nightclubs and bars. Also, social smoking has been shown, in previous studies, to be associated on college campuses with alcohol consumption.
Our study defined a social smoker as “an individual who does not smoke cigarettes on a daily basis but smokes in certain social situations on a regular basis”.
The researchers collected data from volunteers who completed cardiovascular screenings. After taking into account demographic and physical differences between the regular and social smokers, we found that:
There was virtually no difference in their risk of experiencing hypertension or high cholesterol, conditions that frequently lead to heart disease.
The study did not measure outcomes on cancer, but we know that smoking has been linked to 30 different types of cancer.
I believe that this is one of the most important findings in tobacco-related health in years, and it brings to light an issue, like e-cigarettes and secondhand smoke, that we in the healthcare field must address with urgency.
We now know that once people start opening packs of cigarettes, whether it's for daily use or just to socialise at a party, they're entering the same on-ramp toward serious health problems.
File photo of a person smoking a cigarette. (Photo: AFP)
WHEN MODERATION BECOMES A VICE
This knowledge carries significant ramifications for the medical profession and the way practitioners, doctors, nurses and physician assistants communicate with patients.
It's routine for clinicians to ask patients whether or not they are smokers during a checkup or exam. The social smokers will frequently respond negatively to that question because they don't think of themselves in those terms and, thus, a significant health threat goes undetected.
Given these findings, it makes more sense for clinicians to reframe their questions. Questions they could use, for example, are: “Do you ever use tobacco in social situations with friends or work colleagues?” or “when was the last time you had a cigarette or used tobacco?”
High levels of bad cholesterol, the type measured in our study, and high blood pressure are risk factors for heart attack and stroke. Knowing that these health risks for occasional smokers are the same as those who light up frequently, clinicians must become more precise in collecting this information from their patients.
This study should also affect the advice that patients receive in the examination room.
In terms of heart health, it's simply not sufficient for clinicians to advise patients to cut back on their smoking.
The societal impact of this new study could be enormous. It concluded that more than one of every 10 Americans identifies as social smokers, compared to the 17 per cent who smoke regularly.
Extrapolate those numbers to the country as a whole and it means that millions of people in the US are placing their heart health at risk by occasionally indulging in cigarettes.
We can't ignore this problem.
Armed with this new knowledge regarding the dangers of social smoking, public health officials, anti-smoking advocates and the medical community need to focus their messaging on those who mistakenly believe the occasional cigarette leaves them exempt from the warnings directed toward heavier users.
Moderation, in this case, is most definitely a vice from a health perspective, and a potentially life-shortening approach.
Professor Bernadette Melnyk is dean of nursing at the Ohio State University. This commentary first appeared in The Conversation. Read the original commentary here.
NYON, Switzerland: The draw for the last 16 of the Champions League was made on Monday (Dec 11) at UEFA's headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland with the following results:
Juventus vs Tottenham Hotspur
Basel vs Manchester City
Porto vs Liverpool
Sevilla vs Manchester United
Real Madrid vs Paris St Germain
Advertisement
Advertisement
Shakhtar Donetsk vs AS Roma
Chelsea vs Barcelona
Bayern Munich vs Besiktas
A picture shows a board displaying the fixtures after the draw for the round of 16 of the UEFA Champions League football tournament at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon on Dec 11, 2017. (Photo: AFP/Fabrice Coffrini)
Seeded Champions League group winners will be away in the first legs on Feb 14/15 and 21/22. They will play at home in the second leg on Mar 7/8 and 14/15.
WALKER, Mich. (WOOD) — Police in Walker say an announcement made over the intercom of a Meijer store that a missile was headed toward the United States was a prank.
Police were called at 9:41 p.m. to the Meijer located at 315 Wilson Avenue NW.
Walker police say that an announcement that said missiles were heading for the U.S. was played over the intercom. Police investigated and determined the announcement was a prank, and the announcement was made from a phone in the store.
Police are still investigating, and say they are working with Meijer personnel to get more information.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Walker Police Department at 616.791.6887 or Silent Observer at 616.774.2345.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
DeShone Kizer took the first snap of team drills at Browns minicamp Wednesday, the culmination of an offseason where the rookie quarterback from Notre Dame was treated like a veteran.
Browns coach Hue Jackson was careful to note that Kizer, Cody Kessler and Brock Osweiler have rotated snaps throughout the offseason, but that's the point. Kizer is being given a genuine chance to start.
The second round pick has sounded mature when speaking with the media, analyzing his strengths and weaknesses like a pro. The positive practice reports are a nice bonus, but Jackson's handling of Kizer's snaps is more telling. Jackson is giving the kid a chance to get ready.
I'm instinctively skeptical of buzz emanating from football in shorts season, but Kizer is one of the players to watch closer in training camp because of news from May and June.
Below are some other players that put themselves on my watch list:
Doug Martin, Buccaneers running back: There was no telling where Martin's career was headed when the offseason started. Conventional wisdom suggested it would not be as a member of the Bucs. Instead, Martin has consolidated his status as Tampa's starting running back with a strong offseason following time in a drug and alcohol treatment facility.
The bouquets being sent Martin's way about his strength and quickness would feel like fluff if they didn't sound so familiar. There was a lot of similar talk about Martin before the 2015 season that turned out to be his career year.
Breshad Perriman, Ravens receiver: Yes, they signed Jeremy Maclin. Yes, everyone is assuming that Maclin is going to be the team's No. 1 receiver far too fast.
Perriman has flashed NFL-star ability at times in his first two seasons and the tropes have all been there this offseason. Joe Flacco says Perriman is confident, who claims his concentration level is higher. Teammates have talked up Perriman making more plays than anyone. His health, however, is the reason he's on this list. He's taken advantage of his first healthy offseason as a pro and I'd love to see it translate in August before grabbing him as a fantasy football sleeper.
Thomas Rawls, Seahawks running back: While Eddie Lacy has made headlines for making weight, the Seahawks' free agent pickup has been limited in practice because of an ankle injury. Meanwhile, the man who almost single-handedly won Seattle a playoff game way back in January has been "flying around the field" according to beat reporters. Thomas Rawls was never right last season coming off back-to-back serious injuries. If he can stay healthy and keep this momentum up, he could easily be starting over Lacy in Week 1.
Jared Goff, Rams quarterback: There's no way to tell yet how much Goff has changed or how much coach Sean McVay has helped him change. Goff is bigger and he certainly sounds more mature and ready for the responsibility inherent in being a franchise quarterback, although that won't mean much if he can't stay calm in the face of a pass rush. Goff would likely be on this watch list regardless of how May and June went, but at least he's kept his head above water this organized team activities season.
Corey Coleman, Browns receiver: Coleman is the only player on this list for negative reasons. He was unable to shake a hamstring pull throughout May and June, despite Hue Jackson's pleas for Coleman to become "The Guy" among Browns receivers. The injury was especially concerning because a similar hamstring problem short-circuited Coleman's rookie training camp, hampering his season. The Browns would feel a lot better about their offense if Coleman could survive an entire training camp without any issues.
DeVante Parker, Miami Dolphins wide receiver: The Dolphins offense leads the league in optimistic OTA chatter. Their coaching staff, players, beat reporters and even yours truly have all chimed in, with much of the praise going Parker's way. Coach Adam Gase has compared Parker to his old pupil Demaryius Thomas in Denver. With Parker's professionalism and maturity appearing to get in his way the last two years, his business-like offseason makes him someone on which to keep an eye.
Austin Seferian-Jenkins, Jets tight end: Seferian-Jenkins' frank discussion of drinking too much and alcoholism helps to explain his rocky first few seasons in Tampa. His professed life changes also adds context to all the glowing reports about him being the Jets' best offensive player throughout the spring. He's put himself back on the radar. In football in shorts season, that's all you can ask for.
PanARMENIAN.Net - Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Tuesday, April 24 that it was Turkey's responsibility to share the historical pain of Armenian citizens and urged the Armenian community "to not allow others to ignite hatred over past events," Daily Sabah reports.
On Tuesday, April 24, Armenians worldwide are commemorating the 103rd anniversary of the Genocide which began in the Ottoman Empire in 1915 and continued until 1923. Some three dozen countries, hundreds of local government bodies and international organizations have so far recognized the killings of 1.5 million Armenians in the Ottoman Empire as Genocide. Turkey denies to this day.
In a message sent to the Istanbul Armenian Church for a commemoration event for Armenians who died in the Genocide, Erdoğan offered condolences to the grandchildren of the Ottoman Armenians who lost their lives "during the First World War."
"It is Turkey's conscientious and ethical responsibility to share the historical pain of our Armenian citizens. We will continue to share your pain and try to resolve your problems in the future," the statement said.
Erdoğan also called on the Armenian community not to allow those who are trying to ignite hatred and hostility by distorting "our shared past."
A suicide bombing at a shrine in southwest Pakistan killed 22 people and wounded more than 30 on Thursday in the latest sectarian attack in Baluchistan province, authorities said.Minority Islamic groups in the province are routinely attacked by militant outfits including Islamic State, which has claimed responsibility for several bombings.A police officer apprehended the bomber at the entrance to the Sufi shrine and was among those killed, but his heroic action reduced the number of casualties, Baluchistan home minister Sarfraz Bugti told Reuters.Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack via its Amaq news service.The shrine in the district of Jhal Magsi was packed with devotees mourning the death of a local spiritual leader.Such incidents fuel concern about security for projects in the $57 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a planned transport and energy route from western China to Baluchistan's deep-water port of Gwadar.The province has been rocked by violence on two fronts for over a decade. As well as the Taliban and other Sunni Islamist militants, Baluchistan separatists mount attacks on targets linked to the central government.A suicide bomber killed 52 people and wounded over 100 at a Baluchistan Sufi shrine in November last year, in an attack claimed by Islamic State. In February, IS attacked a Sufi shrine in Pakistan's southern Sindh province, killing 83 people.
Share this article:
0 votes
The first WWE RAW of 2017 takes place tonight from the Amalie Arena in Tampa with Bill Goldberg's return and more.
Confirmed for tonight's show is Braun Strowman vs. Sami Zayn in a Last Man Standing match.
WWE is focused on the following points for tonight:
What does Goldberg have in store?
Can Sami Zayn be the Last Man Standing?
Is Kevin Owens' days numbered?
Will Neville earn his crown as “King of the Cruiserweights”?
What's next for Bayley?
Follow Marc on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Send any news, tips or corrections to us by clicking here.
WWE Considering Big Turn, Must See New Maryse & Noelle Foley, Triple H Ready to Push Former TNA Star on RAW, WrestleMania 33 Main Events, WWE Star Gets Backstage Heat, New GIFs & Galleries, More
Related
NAIROBI: Kenyan opposition leader Raila Odinga said on Wednesday mass protests were possible if August elections were rigged, comments likely to scare Kenyans fearful of a repeat of the widespread violence that erupted after a disputed poll in 2007.
Then, more than 1,200 people were killed in weeks of fighting after political protests turned into ethnic clashes, but 2013 polls, when Odinga accepted the result after a court ruling, passed relatively peacefully.
"This country is not ready for another rigged election. Kenyans will not accept it," Odinga said, noting that multiple people had been registered to vote with the same identity card in a registration period that has just ended.
The national election commission accepts that some of his criticisms are justified and has identified 78,000 duplicate registrations. Spokesman Andrew Limo said the commission was resolving the issue.
"We are confident we will have a credible and convincing register by May 10 to start verification," he said.
The government said that Odinga was simply trying to discredit the voting process early to lay the ground for challenging the results on the streets.
"The opposition is trying to create a narrative so eventually they have a way of rejecting the elections," government spokesman Munyori Buku said.
"They never accept the result."
REGIONAL STABILITY
Kenya is a staunch Western ally and a stable anchor in a region roiled by conflict. Its US$63 billion economy is East Africa's biggest but growth is not fast enough to absorb a mass of unemployed youth.
President Uhuru Kenyatta's government has also been hit by a string of corruption scandals and a strike by doctors that has now entered its third month.
Kenyatta, Odinga's arch political rival, has spent the last two months on a massive voter registration drive across the country and in his ethnic Kikuyu heartland, a strategy that helped him prevail over Odinga in 2013.
Odinga, a leading candidate for the top job, also took part in this year's registration drive, which officials say added 3 million people to nearly 16 million registered voters, but he said it was deeply flawed.
"This is a big mess," he said, "The executive office is trying to downplay it. It is a major, major mess."
Odinga said he would first seek redress through the courts but that the government was putting pressure on the judiciary, citing a parliamentarian's recent public criticism of a judge.
"That was an attempt to try to intimidate or blackmail the judiciary so they can be complicit," he told Reuters in an interview in the capital, Nairobi.
"We have not ruled out what we call mass action ... to ensure the rule of law is respected," he said.
"Every option is open to us."
FLASHPOINTS
Both sides accuse each other of stoking tribal tensions, a dangerous game in a country where politics often splits along ethnic lines. Analysts say the 47 county governorships, which come with a big budget and perks, will be flashpoints.
"They (voters) are being manipulated to believe that if so-and-so from another tribe is in leadership then ... their lives are going to be endangered and they can only be secure when their man occupies the top position," Odinga said.
Last week, during a campaign to register voters, Kenyatta accused the opposition of "lies, tribalism, hatred and divisive politics".
Some diplomats fear that the international community, which played a major role in mediating and ending the 2007 violence, may be less engaged this time as they grapple with Brexit, a European refugee crisis and a new American administration.
The threat of prosecution at the International Criminal Court, which hung over the 2013 polls, has also receded after the case against Kenyatta collapsed following allegations of political interference and witness-tampering.
"You could see a whole lot more violence this time around before the international community intervenes because there are so many fires burning everywhere," said one diplomat.
(Additional reporting by Edmund Blair; Editing by Louise Ireland)
KUALA LUMPUR: The leak of personal data involving 46.2 million mobile phone subscribers reported on Oct 18 this year occurred in 2014 and did not involve the latest data, said Deputy Minister of Telecommunications and Multimedia, Datuk Seri Jailani Johari.
He said investigations were conducted by the Royal Malaysia Police (PDRM), the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC), and the Personal Data Protection Department under Section 4 of the Computer Crimes Act 1997 (Act 563) and Section 130 of the Personal Data Protection Act 2010 (Act 709).
“It is still too early to identify the mastermind behind the incident. The police have called several witnesses who have been identified to give their statements.
“Among the witnesses who were called were the administrator of the websites lowyat.net and jobstreet.my, the telecommunications companies, the Malaysian Medical Association, and other individuals who can help in the investigation,” he said during the question-and-answer session at a parliament sitting on Tuesday.
He was responding to a question from Senator S Chandra Mohan who wanted to know the outcome of the investigations into the leakage of the personal data of 46.2 million mobile phone users recently.
Jailani said MCMC had also contacted each of the telecommunications companies and instructed that they check every system transaction to ensure that there was no hacking or leakage of data.
Advertisement
Turkish men spend more money on entertainment and socializing than women according to the Turkey Waste Report. The report also suggests that as social status rises, money spent on entertainment and socializing rises accordingly.
The report indicates that when people's income increases, 30 percent prefer to spend more money on things other than necessities, while 17 percent prefer to spend money on culture and art events. On the other hand, 16 percent prefer to move to a better, more comfortable house.
An average Turk spends TL 235.6 ($60) per month on entertainment and socializing events, such as travelling and dining out.
While 40 percent can only spend TL 100 to socialize, 27.7 percent spend more than TL 250.
The report shows that Turkish men spend TL 264.5 per month for entertainment, while women spend TL 206.6.
After the report was published, people were asked to comment on the results. While 69.5 percent think that the money spent on entertainment and socializing is normal, 8.8 percent think it is too much. Those who think money spent monthly on entertainment is fine spend TL 426, those who find the results normal spend TL 260, and those who find it too much spend TL 149.
ALTON – A 41-year-old Alton man died after being struck by a vehicle early Monday morning, and authorities are reviewing possible criminal charges, police said Wednesday.
According to an Alton Police Department press release, officers responded at 1:08 a.m. to a man down in the 600 block of East Fourth St. Officers found an unresponsive man, identified as Jonathan Casey, in the road. Rescue and ambulance units responded but Casey was determined to be deceased. The initial investigation at the scene, as well as injuries to the Casey's body, were consistent with being struck by a vehicle.
The APD Traffic Bureau and the APD Investigation Bureau were activated. Through further investigation, police identified the suspect vehicle and its occupants. These subjects were later contacted and interviewed regarding their involvement.
This case has subsequently been referred to the Madison County State's Attorney's Office to be reviewed and evaluated for potential criminal charges.
The public shall be allowed at polling stations and tallying centers to witness poll count, declaration and publication, the high court ruled.
This means once a voter casts a balor he can hang around the polling centre or go gome and return at 6.00pm (close of voting) to witness vote counting.
Egyptian photojournalist Mahmoud Abou Zeid, also known as Shawkan, has been in jail since 14 August 2013 when he was arrested while covering a demonstration at Rabaa Al-Adawiya Square in Cairo. Egyptian prosecutors requested the death penalty for the photographer on 3 March 2018.
The UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detentions has qualified his arrest and detention as arbitrary and contrary to the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
On 10 April 2018, Reporters Without Borders (RSF) launched a solidarity campaign aiming to get as many people as possible to post photos of themselves with the hashtag #MyPicForShawkan on social networks. The campaign is being supported by photographers and journalists round the world.
We have decided to launch this solidarity campaign on social networks because of the gravity of the situation. We are aware of the power of a popular movement on the Internet and we know its efficacy in shaking things up. If we succeed in mobilizing thousands of people around the world, the Egyptian government will not be able to ignore our appeal.
RSF secretary-general Christophe Deloire
On 23 April 2018, Shawkan was selected by an independent international jury of media professionals as the laureate of the 2018 UNESCO/Guillermo Cano Press Freedom Prize.
“The choice of Mahmoud Abu Zeid pays tribute to his courage, resistance and commitment to freedom of expression,” said Maria Ressa, President of the Jury.
The Prize will be awarded on 2 May 2018 on the occasion of World Press Freedom Day (WPFD), celebrated in Ghana this year and whose theme is Keeping Power in Check: Media, Justice and The Rule of Law.
On WPFD, stand with Shawkan by posting photos with the hashtag #MyPicForShawkan on social networks posing as he did for a photo during a court appearance by miming the action of taking photo.
Thank you for taking action. Please share this action with your friends and networks to help ensure our voices are heard.
CLU Sports Enjoy Successful 2017
The 2017 sports season at California Lutheran University is in the books and several notable accomplishments are to be added to the championship history here at Cal Lutheran.
Cal Lutheran added yet another NCAA championship to its collection as the Kingsmen baseball team defeated Washington and Jefferson in a 3-game National Championship series. The Kingsmen dropped the first game of the series before rallying on the last day of the season to win the final two games and grab their first national title.
“The number one thing that we had for this year's team was the fact that they were a very good clubhouse. There was just a very good feeling, and they were very tight,” said Head Coach Marty Slimak.
The team motto for the year like every other according to Slimak was “I've got your six”, which is a term used in the army when letting someone know you've got their back. They also lived by the motto of “win the inches”, Slimak said.
The Kingsmen baseball team finished atop the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Conference with an 18-6 record, and only added to the win column when the postseason wrapped up. The team finished with a 40-11 record on the season after advancing through regional play and the College World Series
“It was more relief than anything,” Slimak said when asked how he felt when they got the last out.
The Kingsmen had been to the College World Series six times prior to this one, and actually reached the final two times before coming away with a National Championship in the 2017 season.
Women's soccer continued the theme of national success as the Regals were able to make it all the way to the Sweet 16 of the NCAA tournament for the first time in program history.
This was a first for the program, and continued to add to the success that Cal Lutheran saw in the 2017 sporting season.
“For us, it was a learning experience. I think we will be better prepared for the future now, and we have a lot of returning players again. You look at it and we are still in really good shape for next year,” Women's Soccer Head Coach Frank Marino said.
The Regals soccer team was able to collect the SCIAC regular season title, and had both the athlete of the year in Kali Youngdahl, and the newcomer of the year in Trinity Martinez.
They were joined by four fellow Regals combining for a total of six players named to an All-SCIAC team. Marino was also recognized for his efforts, winning 2017 Coach of the Year.
Olivia Leyva, Youngdahl, Martinez and Sam Cornejo were also selected to All-West Region teams.
Men' soccer followed suit by winning the SCIAC postseason tournament, and making an appearance in the NCAA tournament.
The Kingsmen finished with a 13-5-2 mark and finished the season undefeated at home. The motto they lived by the entire year was ‘There is no doubt this is our time'.
“There was not a question whether we could do this, there's no doubt. That's how I felt. That's what I sensed with this team,” said Men's Soccer Head Coach Dan Kuntz.
Although they didn't come away with a win in the NCAA competition, they did have three players, Brandon Kearney, Daniel Aguilar and Christian Yepez, named to All-West region teams.
Accolades also included five members on the All-SCIAC team. Kuntz and his staff were also named Coaching Staff of the Year.
In individual sports, First Team All-SCIAC runner Timmy Kahovec represented the Kingsmen at nationals after finishing 16th place at the NCAA Division III West Region Championships. He ran a school record time of 25:58.55 at the Occidental cross-country course to qualify.
Kahovec finished 109th out of 279 individuals at the National Championships with a time of 25:33.02.
Swimming brought two more NCAA Championship athletes to the campus of Cal Lutheran, as Benjamin Brewer and Mardell Ramirez were invited to compete at the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Swimming & Diving National Championships. They were the first ever Kingsmen selected. Brewer was able to bring home All-American honors in the 1650 free.
The 2017 sports season at California Lutheran University was definitely one to remember. On the women's and men's side, the university had a total of three team sports make the NCAA tournament and two individuals selected to compete at the NCAA tournament in their respective sports. Cal Lutheran also collected multiple SCIAC accolades along the way.
Gabe Naudin
Reporter
ANKARA: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said on Tuesday rumours of irregularities in a referendum over the weekend were a vain effort to cast doubt on the result, after the main opposition party vowed to apply for the vote to be annulled.
"The people's will has been reflected at the ballot box, and the debate is over," Yildirim told his parliamentary group. "Everyone should respect the outcome, especially the main opposition".
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; Editing by Isabel Coles)
You are here:
Beyonce tops Billboard Hot 100 chart for her duet song 'Perfect' with Ed Sheeran
Beyonce, with little argument one of the top stars in pop music, on Monday (11 December) ended an unlikely drought — nine years since she had a number-one US song.
Beyonce hit the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart for her new duet with Ed Sheeran on a remix of the English songwriter's 'Perfect', a tender guitar ballad.
The song sold 181,000 digital downloads in the week through Thursday (7 December) on the benchmark US singles chart, which also tracks streaming and radio airplay.
'Perfect' is Beyonce's first tune to lead the Hot 100 since December 2008 with 'Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It),' her blockbuster dance anthem of female empowerment.
Beyonce moved in a more experimental direction with her latest album Lemonade.
But she initially released it last year as an exclusive on Tidal, the streaming service led by her husband Jay-Z, impeding the chart performance of individual tracks.
'Drunk in Love,' her duet with Jay-Z off her self-released 2013 album, only reached number two on the Hot 100.
The longest gap between number one songs in the chart's history belongs to Cher, who waited nearly 25 years between her 1974 hit 'Dark Lady' and her 1999 chart-topper 'Believe.'
The common practice of boarding airline passengers by classes is the worst way to avoid spreading infectious diseases, according to a study from Arizona State University.
The study by a team that included experts in human evolution, biomedical informatics and applied math found that infection rates increased when passengers were crowded together — as they often are while trying to board a plane.
In the case of an Ebola outbreak, the study said that the current boarding practice used by most airlines would lead to a 67% chance of 20 air-travel-related cases a month.
Furthermore, the study found that bigger planes with more passengers can also lead to higher infection rates. In the past decade, the airline industry has tried to increase efficiency and profits by packing more passengers in larger planes
“Using smaller airplanes during an outbreak, instead of completely banning flights to a specific destination, can drastically reduce the probability of introduction of infection,” said Anuj Mubayi, an assistant professor at ASU's School of Human Evolution and Social Change who worked on the study.
The study recommends a few fixes to reduce the infection rate, such as dividing the plane into two lengthwise sections and loading passengers randomly to cut down on bottlenecks.
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
hugo.martin@latimes.com
To read more about the travel and tourism industries, follow @hugomartin on Twitter.
Kid Rock is reportedly being considered as a potential candidate for Senate.
The 46-year-old musician, real name Robert Ritchie, was apparently discussed during a Michigan Republican Party convention last weekend, according to Rollcall.com.
The website reports the rocker was thrown into the mix as one of the Republican contenders for Michigan Democrat Debbie Stabenow's Senate seat next year, but no official decisions have been made as yet.
While Rock's name is likely to come as a surprise to the majority, he has always been very vocal about his political beliefs. Despite considering himself as Republican, there are some issues he disagrees with the party on, as he previously explained to The Guardian newspaper.
“I am definitely a Republican on fiscal issues and the military, but I lean to the middle on social issues. I am no fan of abortion, but it's not up to a man to tell a woman what to do. As an ordained minister I don't look forward to marrying gay people, but I'm not opposed to it,” he said.
Born Free singer Rock has been a massive supporter of several Republican candidates, including Mitt Romney during his bid for the U.S. presidency back in 2012.
He is also a supporter of new U.S. President Donald Trump, and began stocking Trump merchandise in his online store prior to the November election. Among the items are T-shirts bearing the slogan “God, Guns & Trump”, and hats stating, “Make America Bada-- Again”.
The right to bear arms is something Rock feels very passionately about, and he owns several guns himself, including a .22 rifle and a semi-automatic with a silencer.
“I'm always buying more guns. I have everything from a Civil War cannon to an MP5 machine gun and old police guns. If someone invades your house, yeah, you can shoot them. I don't think crazy people should have guns,” he added.
(Reuters) - England Lions cricketer Ben Duckett has been suspended from playing in the remainder of the team's training camp in Australia and warned about his conduct after a bar incident last week, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said on Sunday.
England's Ashes tour was plunged into crisis after batsman Duckett was suspended for pouring a drink on a senior England player reported to be paceman James Anderson after an argument in a Perth bar late on Thursday.
The 23-year-old Duckett, who was stood down from an Ashes tour game, was also fined the “maximum allowable amount” for a Lions player. He will remain with the team and return to England at the end of the camp on Dec. 17, ECB said on their website (www.ecb.co.uk).
Earlier, all-rounder Moeen Ali said England's cricketers must improve their off-field behaviour or risk turning a younger generation of players away from the game.
“As professionals - with the young kids watching and hearing all the news, it's very important we are on our best behaviour,” Moeen, who does not drink, told a news conference on Sunday.
“It's important we inspire the younger generation to take up the game. This kind of things possibly can turn them away and that's not what we want. A lot of the families are here now, it's important we focus on the game.”
Cricket - England v Bangladesh - First One Day International - Sher-e-Bangla Stadium, Dhaka, Bangladesh - 07/10/16. England's Ben Duckett plays a shot during the first One Day International. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
The behaviour of England players has come under scrutiny after all-rounder Ben Stokes was left out of the tour after he and teammate Alex Hales were arrested following an incident outside a Bristol nightclub in September.
Australia batsman Cameron Bancroft said England wicketkeeper Jonny Bairstow had given him a friendly headbutt in a Perth bar before the series but both men played down the row.
Cricket - Ashes test match - Australia v England - GABBA Ground, Brisbane, Australia, November 26, 2017. England's Moeen Ali reacts as he walks off the ground after being dismissed during the fourth day of the first Ashes cricket test match. REUTERS/David Gray
England coach Trevor Bayliss described Duckett's actions as “not acceptable” on Saturday and expressed his frustration at having to constantly explain the off-field behaviour of his players to the media.
”Trevor Bayliss, Andrew Strauss and all the guys who get most of the flak for it... you feel for them,“ Moeen added. ”We're all grown men and we should know how to behave.
“Through county cricket all the way up to international cricket, the individual needs to be responsible. Off-field behaviour needs to improve and we all know that.”
The third Ashes test starts on Thursday in Perth with England down 2-0 and hoping to avoid another humiliating whitewash.
Acclaimed author Philip Pullman will publish his long-awaited follow-up to the Dark Materials trilogy in October, 17 years after the last instalment.
A new trilogy of books, which he describes as an "equel" rather than a prequel or sequel, begins with The Book Of Dust which will be published on October 19 by Penguin Random House Children's and David Fickling Books.
It will return to the story of Lyra Belacqua, based in a parallel Britain of alethiometers, daemons and the Magisterium, and will begin 10 years before the first His Dark Materials book, with the trilogy eventually picking up again 20 years after her story last ended.
Pullman is keeping the plot of The Book Of Dust a closely guarded secret, but left some hints for his readers that will leave them speculating about what could take place.
He said: "I've always wanted to tell the story of how Lyra came to be living at Jordan College and, in thinking about it, I discovered a long story that began when she was a baby and will end when she's grown up."
The writer also suggested that fans may be able to work out who another central character will be.
He said they should look out for "an ordinary boy (a boy we have seen in an earlier part of Lyra's story, if we were paying attention) who, with Lyra, is caught up in a terrifying adventure that takes him into a new world".
Explaining more about the book's themes, he said: "At the centre of The Book Of Dust is the struggle between a despotic and totalitarian organisation, which wants to stifle speculation and inquiry, and those who believe thought and speech should be free.
"The idea of Dust suffused His Dark Materials. Little by little through that story the idea of what Dust was become clearer and clearer, but I always wanted to return to it and discover more."
The Dark Materials trilogy, which included Northern Lights, The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass, has sold more than 17.5 million copies in around 40 languages.
Pullman's last book in the series was published in October 2000.
He said: "I know from their letters and tweets that my readers have been waiting patiently (mostly) for The Book Of Dust for a long time.
"It gives me great pleasure and some excitement at last to satisfy their curiosity (and mine) about this book."
The original trilogy is currently being adapted for BBC1, following a 2004 National Theatre adaptation and the 2007 film The Golden Compass, which was adapted from first book Northern Lights and starred Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig.
BEIJING: China has appointed a new special envoy for the North Korean issue, Assistant Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou, its foreign ministry said on Monday, after his predecessor, Wu Dawei, reached retirement age.
Kong, 58, is an ethnic Korean from the northeastern Chinese province of Heilongjiang, who has overall responsibility for Asian affairs at the foreign ministry, according to his resume.
He has held senior positions at the Chinese embassy in Japan and from 2011 to 2014 he was China's ambassador to Vietnam, two countries with which China has often troubled relations.
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that Kong had taken over from Wu, but that there was no connection between the appointment and the current situation on the Korean peninsula, where tensions have been rising in recent days.
There would be no change in China's policy towards the Korean peninsula because of the new appointment, she added.
A Beijing-based foreign diplomat who is familiar with the matter said that Wu, who turns 71 in December, had reached retirement age.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Asked whether Kong had any immediate plans to visit Pyongyang, spokeswoman Hua said she had no information about that.
Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea's president said resolving the North's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tension in recent months.
China is North Korea's closest ally, but it has been infuriated by its repeated missile and nuclear tests and has signed up for increasingly tough U.N. sanctions on the isolated nation.
However, China says sanctions are not the final way to resolve the issue, and has repeatedly called for a return to diplomacy and the restart of a six-party talks process with North Korea, which includes China, the two Koreas, the United States, Russia and Japan, and which collapsed in 2008.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) – Art Van Furniture, along with Cindy Crawford, hosted the Art Van Award of Hope celebration on Oct. 5. The award honored five everyday heroes who have a positive impact and work selflessly for their communities.
West Michigan local, Christy Buck, was one of the five honorees.
Buck is the executive director of The Mental Health Foundation of West Michigan and creator of “be nice.” a mental health education, suicide and bully prevention initiative based in Grand Rapids. They are dedicated to creating communities with positive mental health and awareness.
Buck received a $5,000 check from Art Van to go towards furthering “be nice.” and The Mental Health Foundation's efforts.
The Art Van Award of Hope celebration also commemorated the ninth anniversary of the Art Van Charity Challenge, which has donated $8 million, and raised over $24 million for 359 Midwest charities.
Find out more about The Mental Health Foundation of West Michigan and the Art Van Furniture Charity Challenge.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Slow Roll Buffalo's Richardson to Riverside Ride will take place on August 14.
The ride will begin at 6:30 p.m. at the Richardson Olmsted Campus, which is located at 444 Forest Ave.
It will include the northern part of the Elmwood Village, Riverside, Black Rock, West Hertel and Park Meadow. Streets included in the ride are Forest, Grant, Amherst, Tonawanda, Ontario, Hertel and Elmwood.
After the ride, an after-party with food, drinks and music will take place where the ride started.
Riders are asked to meet up at 5:30 p.m.
Libya's national women's football team is not only struggling on the pitch but also battling a society that frowns on women playing sports in public at all. Female athletes and women's teams have many critics in the patriarchal country.
"Your place is at home." You're playing because "you have no man to educate you" - such comments are hurled at players every time they train, said center forward, Saida Saad.
"For the love of the sport, we resist," said Saad, from the eastern city of Benghazi. "We are trying to change attitudes in society."
She joined her teammates for a training session in the capital Tripoli's Sports City ahead of a two-leg African Cup qualifying match against Ethiopia earlier this month. Coach Hassan Ferjani had modest ambitions for his team - getting them fit enough to last 90 minutes on the pitch.
"Poor things, it'll be the first time they play on a big field," he said. Just a few days ahead of the match, only 10 players made it to the training session. Others, including some based in the U.S., joined the team in Cairo - venue for the "home" match, as world football's governing body, FIFA, does not allow internationals in strife-torn Libya - for the showdown with Ethiopia. Libya lost that match 8-0 and was thrashed 7-0 in the second leg in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, unable to notch up a single goal. With no women's football league in Libya, players for the national team are selected at tournaments in schools across the country. And while training these young women to an international standard is a daunting challenge, in many cases the hardest part is convincing their families to let them play.
"There are many girls with talent but were unjustly barred from playing football" because of social pressures, said Rasha Nouri, a veteran of Libya's national team, dubbed the Knights of the Mediterranean. Having earned her coaching license, she said she now hopes to train women's youth teams and eventually start a national league. She also wants to "change mentalities via social networks and the media," she said. Souad al-Shibani, head of women's football at the Libyan Football Federation, told Agence France-Presse (AFP) that the body plans to launch a program to develop the sport, starting with a school football league for young women.
Shibani said she was "optimistic" about the future of football in Libya because the younger generation was "more open and more enthusiastic."
HONG KONG: Asian markets were down on Wednesday (Jun 4) as trade tensions between the US and China weighed on investor sentiment ahead of new tariffs kicking in.
Wall Street ended the session down in a shortened trading day ahead of Wednesday's Independence Day holiday, with falls in tech stocks pressuring the market.
Advertisement
Concerns remain for Shanghai, which is down more than 20 per cent from its January high on concerns about a slowing economy, even before new US tariffs threatened by Donald Trump kick on Friday.
China's yuan is also under pressure, though it levelled after a rally on comments from central bank chief Yi Gang, who pledged to keep the exchange rate stable and avoid using the currency as a weapon in any trade war.
The unit has fallen around eight per cent since the end of March, adding to fears about the economy as leaders struggle to cap massive debt while supporting growth.
Despite the central bank's reassurances, "the markets remain very bearish on China ... well over and above trade tensions, as waning growth momentum has contributed to diverging economic indicators versus the US," said Stephen Innes, head of Asia-Pacific trade at OANDA.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Unless there's compromise in the trade dispute, the yuan should remain under pressure," he added.
But there is little sign of an easing in the standoff between Beijing and Washington, with a Chinese court decision to temporarily ban chip sales by US tech company Micron Technology further souring the atmosphere.
While the case was primarily a dispute between Micron and a Taiwanese firm, the ruling comes after the US blocked China Mobile from the US market.
The move fuelled "speculation the decisions were part of the tit-for-tat trade war," wrote David de Garis, director of economics and markets at National Australia Bank.
sentifi.com Channel NewsAsia - Sentifi topic widget
OIL DEMAND RISING
In share trading, Hong Kong closed down 1.1 per cent, extending a Tuesday sell-off that saw the market fall more than three per cent at one point.
The benchmark Shanghai Composite Index also finished down 1.0 per cent, with while Tokyo's Nikkei was off 0.3 per cent.
Tokyo traders were cautious about the trend in Chinese stocks but "with the prospects that the yuan's depreciation is bottoming out ... buying back supported the Japanese market later," Okasan Online Securities strategist Yoshihiro Ito said in a commentary.
Zhang Gang, analyst at Cental China Securities warned that investors remain "worried that the US-China trade tensions could further escalate."
"The market may not easily rebound before Jul 6th when things may become clearer."
Oil prices diverged, after earlier climbing on a tightening US market along with potential US sanction actions against major producer Iran.
Saudi Arabia has said it is prepared to boost supply to balance the market, but traders are also weighing factors ranging from a disruption to supply from Libya to a fall in US crude inventories.
The prospect of Iranian oil being shut out of the market from November is also causing volatility, analysts said.
"Despite suggestions of more supplies coming to market, traders continue to buy dips as increased barrels may only act to prevent a more rapid increase in prices, given the global economy's insatiable demand for oil," wrote Innes.
- Key figures around 0930 GMT -
Tokyo - Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.3 per cent at 21,717.04 (close)
Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 1 per cent at 2,759.13 (close)
Hong Kong - Hang Seng: DOWN 1.1 per cent at 28,241.67 (close)
Euro/dollar: DOWN at US$1.1643 from US$1.1667
Pound/dollar: UP at US$1.3206 from US$1.3204
Dollar/yen: DOWN at ¥110.48 from ¥110.41
Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 56 cents at US$73.58 per barrel
Oil - Brent Crude: UP one cent at US$77.77 per barrel
New York - Dow: UP 0.2 per cent at 24,307.18 (close)
London - FTSE 100: DOWN 0.1 per cent at 7,584.97
Online poultry farming startup Rera has been named the winner of the Zimbabwean leg of the Seedstars World competition, and will now compete at the global final in Switzerland for the chance to win up to US$1 million in equity investment.
Seedstars is back on the road following the culmination of the last edition of the competition in April, with African winners having already been named in Egypt and Tunisia.
Its Zimbabwe event took place on June 29 at Impact Hub Harare, with nine startups pitching in front of a local jury panel.
The winner was Rera, a platform that enables retail consumers to farm their own chickens and save up to 40 per cent on buying poultry produce without having to own the infrastructure of a chicken farm.
Rera will now participate at the Seedstars Summit in April 2019, where it will take part in a week-long training programme and have the chance to pitch in front of an audience of more than 1,000 attendees with the possibility of winning up to US$1 million in equity investment and other prizes.
Wellnescript, a wellness and digital health startup, came second, while YouFarm, which provides collateral-free funding for farmers via its crowd-farming platform, came third.
There was also a prize for the best civic tech startup and the best learner prize. The first was taken by Vote Africa, a mobile application aiming to educate, motivate and empower the electorate, and the second by Justice Today, which protects citizens from crime and uses artificial intelligence to educate them on the steps to take when victimised.
2017 MARE NOSTRUM TOUR – BARCELONA
Pure speed was the name of the game on day 2 of the Mare Nostrum Barcelona, with the unforgiving Swedish sprinter Sarah Sjostrom proving once again she's at the top of her game. Last week we saw how the Olympic gold medalist and butterfly record holder was able to maintain her incredible momentum with just minutes in between multiple events, and the 23-year-old accomplished similar remarkable feats today.
The 50m butterfly fell victim to Sjostrom first, with the Swede nabbing a new meet record time 24.43 en route to gold. That mark absolutely crushed the previous record of 25.27 held by Denmark's Jeanette Ottesen since 2014. Representing the only swimmer to go sub-25 tonight, Sjostrom took an eye-popping .47 off of her winning outing of 24.90 from just last weekend. Teenage Olympic gold medalist Penny Oleksiak, who unbelievably turned a mere 17 years old yesterday, took silver tonight in 25.76, with Belgium's Kimberly Buys right behind in 25.86.
With just the men's 400m IM final in between, Sjostrom was right back on the blocks for her 2nd event of the night, the women's 100m freestyle. The freakishly-stacked field included Cate and Bronte Campbell, Michelle Coleman, Femke Heemskerk and Emma McKeon, all of whom were unable to match the runaway train that was Sjostrom in the race.
Last week Sjostrom fired off an impressive 52.60 to win the women's 100m freestyle, a feat which included an opening split of 25.63. However, she crushed that outing tonight on both halves of the race. Opening the contest in 25.16, Sjostrom wound up maintaining that rapidity for the back half, closing in 27.12 to notch a huge 52.28 for the win. That mark now checks in as the top time in the world, surpassing even what she produced (52.54) from the Swedish Open.
In fact, Sjostrom's 52.28 time tonight now registers as the 4th fastest swim of all-time among a list that includes two marks from Britta Steffen from the 2009 supersuit era. The top 5 times ever in the women's 100m freestyle, according to the USA Swimming website, are as follows:
52.06 Cate Campbell, WR, 2016 52.07 Britta Steffen, 2009 52.22 Britta Steffen, 2009 52.28, Sarah Sjostrom, 2017 52.33, Cate Campbell, 2013
Cate Campbell (C1) settled for silver in the race in a very solid 53.43 to beat the 54.06 she rendered last week for 4th place. Coleman also landed on the podium in bronze with a time of 53.85. Of note, Dutch Olympian Ranomi Kromowidjojo and gold medalist Penny Oleksiak also contested the women's 100m freestyle. Kromo wound up winning the B-final in 53.42, while the Canadian clocked 54.82 in prelims, only to scratch from the final.
Following up her 200m breaststroke world record scare from last night was Russian Olympian Yulia Efimova with an encore in the shorter event. Wowing the crowd with last night's 2:19.83 2 breasts, Efimova cranked out a rapid 1:05.66 to take gold tonight the 100m distance. She was a full second faster than runner-up Jennie Johansson, the Swede who touched in 1:06.78 for silver.
Efimova still has to catch up with Japan's Reona Aoki to sit atop the world rankings with a time of 1:05.29. However, the Russian's time tonight out-did what she produced at her nation's trials in April, giving us a glimpse into a potential battle ahead in Budapest.
Spain's Mireia Belmonte was another double winner on the evening, cranking out two victories in her signature mid-distance events. First, the 200m butterfly saw the Spaniard take charge and not look back, with the Olympic gold medalist stampeding to the wall in a mighty 2:07.11 to establish a new meet record. That time beat her previous season-best of 2:08.17 by over a second and now places her as 5th fastest in the world, pre-U.S. Trials.
Belmonte was the clear winner in the women's 400m freestyle as well, taking that event in a solid 4:05.76, a time that falls within her own personal top 10 marks of her career. Her gold medal-garnering performance from this evening overtook Hungary's Baglarka Kapas as the 5th fastest time in the world.
Several men threw down the heat in their respective sprint events tonight, including Brazilian Olympic finalist Bruno Fratus. On a roll with his 50m freestyle win from Monaco, as well as his 100m freestyle silver from last night, Fratus was king of the splash n' dash for a 2nd time. Clocking 21.76, the Auburn-trained athlete was .23 ahead of 2nd place finisher Ari-Pekka Liukkenen, who touched in 21.99 as the other sub-22 second swimmer.
Australian ace James Magnussen, who is just getting back into racing since an extended competitive break post-Rio, registered a very respectable 22.15 for bronze. For Maggie, his confidence is building, having won the 100m freestyle both in Monaco and here, but no doubt his mind would really be set at some ease once he sees a 21-point 50 freestyle.
Cameron van der Burgh got the job done in the 50m breaststroke tonight, roaring to the wall in the only sub-27 second time of the field. Touching in 26.96, VDB beat his 26.99 from last weekend and now rests among the world's top 3 in the event this season.
Additional Winners Tonight:
By Jon Wiederhorn
Chic's Nile Rodgers missed the first show of his career on Sunday (Aug. 13) when an illness forced him to seek treatment at a Toronto hospital.
Related: Chic and Earth, Wind & Fire Team for Summer Tour
The band was scheduled to play the Air Canada Centre with Earth, Wind and Fire for 2054: The Tour when Rodgers became sick. The news surfaced sound engineer John Ryan tweeted, “Nile Rodgers is in hospital tonight. Lights are out for him.”
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer responded, “Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life… well, its been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. #LOVE,” and added that doctors are “taking great care” of him.
Rodgers was diagnosed with prostate cancer six years ago and wrote about his struggle on his blog (via Billboard). After undergoing extensive treatment, he was cured in 2014. He discussed his struggle at the Glastonbury Festival in June.
“My doctors told me I was suffering from extremely aggressive cancer and that I needed to go home and get my affairs in order,” he said during the show. “Well, I happened to get a phone call from two French guys called Daft Punk and a gentleman named Pharrell Williams and we got together and wrote this song called ‘Get Lucky.' And I feel like the luckiest man in the world tonight because six years after that doctor told me to go home and get my affairs in order, today, six years later, I am cancer-free!”
It is still unknown what caused Rodgers to miss Sunday's show and whether or not he will be healthy enough to perform tomorrow night (Aug. 15) in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life... well, it's been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… —
Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
In the summer of 1944, hundreds of royals gathered for the opening of Umaid Bhawan Palace, a magnificent sandstone edifice that dominates the skyline in India's northwestern city of Jodhpur. It was the last of its kind.Three years later, India was free from British colonial rule, and more than 500 princely states — the semi-sovereign principalities ruled by royal clans — faced an uncertain future. Most have faded into obscurity, but the family that built this palace continues to thrive — in part by converting a section of it into a hotel."How many places do you know in the world where you can actually live right where the maharaja is living next door to you?" said the hotel's general manager, Mehrnawaz Avari. "The idea is to treat our guests like kings and queens."The 347-room palace, considered one of the world's fanciest residences, was used as the primary location for Viceroy House, a film by director Gurinder Chadha being released Friday in India.The movie details the last days of the British Empire in India and the bloody partition with what became Pakistan in 1947.The iconic structure in this west Rajasthani city known for its traditional handicrafts was named after Maharaja Umaid Singh, the last king of what was known as the Marwar-Rathore Dynasty.He commissioned the project in 1929 with a "spirit of grandness," said royal family associate Karni Singh Jasol. "He had a larger-than-life vision."After independence, most of India's princely states opted to join the democratic republic, and initially maintained their titles, property and a degree of autonomy.Within decades, the royals lost almost all of it, though. India amended the Constitution in 1971, giving its citizens equal rights and canceling royal privileges, including the regular payments royal families received from the state.Stripped of their allowances and unsure how to survive as commoners, many royal families descended into chaos. Some held onto property, only to lose it amid internal bickering over rival claims."The properties that they inherited were in a true sense white elephants," Jasol said. "The royal families were high on assets, but low on liquidity. They didn't have large bank balances to turn their family properties into something grand or sustain it for the future."The Singhs of Jodhpur not only maintained their holdings, but managed over decades to grow.The last reigning maharaja's grandson, Gaj Singh, was only four when his father died in a plane crash in 1952, making him sole owner of the palace and other family properties, including the ancestral Mehrangarh Fort.When royal allowances were canceled in 1971, the young Singh patriarch acted quickly. The family opened part of its palace as a hotel in 1978, and turned the fort into a museum, investing profits into preserving Jodhpur's royal antiquities."They today serve as the main economic levers for the city," said Jasol, who is director of the fort and museum.The palace is open to visitors year-round, and has become a go-to destination for government leaders, other royals, and Hollywood and Bollywood stars alike. In 2007, British actress Elizabeth Hurley married Indian businessman Arun Nayar beneath the white marble canopy, or baradari, on the palace lawn; they have since divorced.The palace is divided into a home for Gaj Singh and his family, and a heritage hotel of 64 rooms and suites run by the luxury hotel chain Taj Group since 2005.Designed by British architect Henry Vaughan Lanchester, the palace features elements of the art deco style popular in Europe and America in the '30s and '40s, combined with traditional Indian craftsmanship.Colonnaded verandas guide one's eye up to intricately carved pillars, stylised sculptures and finally a massive central dome topped by a 30-meter (105-foot) golden cupola.The cost of the royal experience ranges from $500 to more than $12,000 a night. For those who can afford it, the hotel pulls out all the stops.Visitors are greeted by a smiling guard wearing one of Jodhpur's famous handlebar moustaches; he opens the door while hotel staff shower guests with rose petals. Peacocks roam the palace lawns.Further inside, pulsating Rajasthani folk tunes fill the air as colorful dancers move in choreographed circles. Guests mingle amid crystal chandeliers and silk-draped furniture.Gold-leaf furniture and ornate mirrors are arranged around gleaming marble floors, while the walls are decorated with family portraits, as well as leopard skins and the busts of other animals hunted by former royals. The decoration was done over three years by Polish artist Stefan Norblin, who had fled from war-torn Europe in 1944. He also painted frescoes and murals in the royal suites.The royal family has long focused on conserving the region's heritage as a way to utilise its enormous real estate holdings. It manages trusts engaged in water conservation, education and cultural revival projects, creating employment for thousands of locals."I know at one time, royalty was a bad word," said Singh's daughter, 42-year-old Shivranjani Rajye. "Now you don't have to shy away from it."The Cambridge-educated Rajye runs most of the family's business operations, though the family heir is her brother, Shivraj Singh, who also lives with his family in the palace. He has kept a low profile since spending several months in a coma after a near-fatal accident playing polo in 2005.Jodhpur's residents still see the family as their royals, and Gaj Singh as their maharaja.And he "very much believes he is the king," said Rajye, elegantly dressed in a chiffon sari with a hint of jewelry."He never gave up his title — he doesn't have it officially, but he knew who he was, and he knew he commanded respect of the people.
Alice Merryweather was given a late ticket to the Pyeongchang Olympics on Saturday as a quota replacement for injured downhiller Steven Nyman on the U.S. Alpine ski team.
REUTERS: Alice Merryweather was given a late ticket to the Pyeongchang Olympics on Saturday as a quota replacement for injured downhiller Steven Nyman on the U.S. Alpine ski team.
Team veteran Nyman, 35, suffered a season-ending knee injury during downhill training last month in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany.
Merryweather, 21, won the women's downhill gold medal at last year's FIS Junior World Ski Championships and has been competing in the World Cup this season.
She finished 37th in Saturday's Garmisch downhill, won by U.S. teammate Lindsey Vonn - the 80th World Cup win of her career.
Merryweather's addition brings the U.S. Olympic team up to a record 243 athletes.
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Clare Fallon)
Advertisement
LOS ANGELES (AP)  Turner Classic Movies is recognizing Sidney Poitier, Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher at its eighth annual TCM Classic Film Festival .
The Los Angeles event opens April 6 with a 50th anniversary screening of "In the Heat of the Night."
Festival organizers say Poitier, the star of the film, will appear at the screening along with producer Walter Mirisch, director Norman Jewison, actress Lee Grant and composer Quincy Jones.
The festival will celebrate Reynolds with a screening of "Singin' in the Rain," and Fisher with a look at "Postcards From the Edge."
Advertisement
Fisher's daughter, Billie Lourd, and Reynolds' son, Todd Fisher, will host discussions after the screenings.
Other films showing during the four-day festival include "The Graduate," ''Saturday Night Fever" and Mel Brooks' "High Anxiety."
A little over a year ago, the unthinkable happened to Kristina Taylor and her family. Her 17-year-old son was lost to gun violence.
Now she says it is something she hears about all too often.
“What used to be the un-thought of is now becoming every other week,” Taylor said.
Akeim Hill was killed on May 17, 2017. It happened near Kirkwood Blvd. and Bridge Ave. in Davenport. He and two other boys met in a parked car. That meeting escalated and ended with two bullets in the 17-year-old.
“All we know is our children got into an altercation,” Taylor said. “One [child] is gone, one is going to be gone. It's sad. And this is why I want us to come together. We got to get this to stop.”
The two teens charged in Hills case plead their charges down. Wednesday, May 30, 18-year-old James Bailey Jr. was sentenced to 10-years for 1st-degree theft and 17-year-old Joseph Howard-Rogers was sentenced to 25-years for attempted murder.
“I could hear in his voice that he did not mean for him to actually die from this,” Taylor said of Howard-Rogers.
She says her son's case is just one example of how local youth do not understand the power of guns.
“You could shoot it once,” Taylor said. “It took one bullet for my son to lose his life.”
Since her son's death, Taylor has worked to reach teens on a personal level and help them understand the gravity gun violence can have on a community.
“Even though it won't bring my child back I'm trying to get these teenagers…to listen to me,” Taylor said. “I'm not judging them, you know, I'm not trying to make trouble. I just want them to understand that there are other alternatives.”
The month following her son's death Taylor held an anti-violence walk for her son. Since then she has spoken to local students and participated in community outreach events through Beyond the Baseline.
“I want everybody to understand that they can even talk to me if they like,” Taylor said.
And she has a message for any teens walking around with a gun.
“Think rationally. Think of the outcomes. And if you can't think of their family or their mother, think of yourself,” Taylor said. “What's going to happen to you? Do you want to put yourself in a dangerous position? Do you want to live successfully and be somebody? It's up to you. What do you want to do?”
Taylor is working to establish an organization in honor of her son. She says “Akeim's Dreams” will serve as a place to help teens deal with their issues.
Gauteng ANC chairman Paul Mashatile says the unity mooted for the ANC's elective conference is not about any ANC person or leader.
"When we talk about unity we mean the unity of the ANC so we must go to this conference and elect a leadership collective that is united," he told Business Day.
"A united ANC can never be defeated."
But the idea of unity has been associated with particular candidates, especially Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, after President Jacob Zuma held unity meetings with chairmen and secretaries two weeks ago. While Mashatile and other provincial chairmen, including Mpumalanga's David Mabuza, have pushed unity to prevent a damaging split ahead of the 2019 elections, the faction aligned to MP Dlamini-Zuma, in Mpumalanga in particular, have associated her name with the call for unity.
On Friday, Business Day reported that Mpumalanga structures got instructions from provincial HQ that those who nominated a "unity" position during their branch general meetings, should translate their support into a vote for Dlamini-Zuma at the conference.
Mashatile said: "If we come out of that conference united, working as a team, victory is certain in 2019.
"Nobody will defeat us."
In Mpumalanga, ANC leader in the Nkangala region, Mxolisi Hoboyi, has raised concerns over national leaders who are attempting to remove Cyril Ramaphosa-aligned delegates and prevent them from attending the conference during the delegate verification process.
Ramaphosa himself has reportedly said he was worried about vote-buying as factions become desperate to secure victory for their candidates.
The verification process is set to wrap up this week so Luthuli House can finalise the delegations for the conference that is expected to start on Saturday.
SINGAPORE: The AG600 - said to be the world's largest seaplane - will be making its maiden flight in the first half of 2017, Chinese state media said on Wednesday (Feb 15).
The amphibious aircraft's four engines successfully passed a series of rigorous tests between Feb 11 and 14, after rolling off a production line in the southern city of Zhuhai last July.
Its maker the state-owned Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) had told Xinhua that the AG600 is 37 metres long with a wingspan of 38.8 metres.
It is by far the world's largest amphibious aircraft, about the size of a Boeing 737, AVIC's deputy general manager Geng Ruguang said.
It was designed for fighting forest fires and performing marine rescue missions, said Xinhua, with excellent maneuverability and a relatively wide range of search scope.
The aircraft has a maximum take-off weight of 53.5 tonnes, can collect 12 tonnes of water in 20 seconds and is capable of rescuing up to 50 people far offshore.
In the July report, Xinhua also cited chief designer Huang Lingcai as saying that the AG600 is "like a ship that can fly, with advanced gas-water dynamic engineering and underwater corrosion resistance technology".
Huang added that the aircraft is "the latest breakthrough in China's aviation industry, which demonstrates an overall improvement of China's national strength and research capacity".
Honor 7C with a 5.99-inch display and Snapdragon 450 to go on sale exclusively on Amazon at 12 pm on 31 May
By The Associated Press
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Darian King, a qualifier from Barbados, knocked off No. 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4, 6-4 on Tuesday in the first round of the Memphis Open.
King, ranked 140th in the world, dropped just 12 points in 10 service games and never faced a break-point situation against the 32nd-ranked Tomic.
Other first-round winners Tuesday included No. 7 seed Steve Darcis of Belgium, Ryan Harrison of the United States and Matthew Ebden of Australia.
Harrison won 6-3. 7-5 over Russia's Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No. 3 seed Sam Querrey. Darcis won 7-5, 3-6, 6-4 over Radu Albot of Moldova.
Advertisement
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Canada's Peter Polansky 6-7 (4), 6-3, 6-1 in a matchup between two qualifiers. Ebden won the last six games of a match that featured a total of 14 service breaks.
A new book about the glory days of the music industry will expose the abuses of women that went along with the sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll.
Dorothy Carvello — whose 25-year career in the business included five years under Atlantic Records legend Ahmet Ertegun — is the first woman in the #MeToo era to write a book about the music industry.
In “Anything for a Hit” (Chicago Review Press, out Sept. 4), Carvello details the “Mad Men”-like misogyny in a field where DJs were being bribed with cocaine and sex workers, and some record moguls were hiring and promoting their girlfriends.
Carvello has kept her manuscript under tight security. No one has gotten a galley. Would-be excerpt publishers must come to her to read it and sign a nondisclosure agreement.
Doug Morris, who has run all three major music groups — Sony, Universal and Warner — admitted he tried and failed to get a copy.
“I worked with her at Warner for 16 years. I wanted to read it,” Morris told me.
Instead, he was debriefed by someone else who had.
“I hear it's a good book, very well-written,” Morris said.
Ertegun, a legendary Lothario who hung out with Mick Jagger, is exposed as a chauvinist. But Morris doesn't come off badly, he heard.
Carvello said, “I'm flattered he's talking about my book. I'll happily autograph his copy when he buys one.”
President Donald Trump's Oval Office style dominated U.S. headlines in 2017, but readers were particularly perplexed by his use of the word "covfefe," in what turned out to be one of the oddest news stories of the year.
NEW YORK: President Donald Trump's Oval Office style dominated U.S. headlines in 2017, but readers were particularly perplexed by his use of the word "covfefe," in what turned out to be one of the oddest news stories of the year.
A tweet by Trump in May read simply: "Despite the constant negative press covfefe."
White House officials batted away questions about what the word meant and even the dictionary company Merriam-Webster drew a blank. Trump left it up to the reader to divine his meaning, with a follow-up: "Who can figure out the true meaning of 'covfefe' ??? Enjoy!"
But he was not alone in leaving readers scratching their heads. Even outside Washington, the year produced a spate of weird news, including odd pranks and poorly considered crimes.
Los Angeles residents awoke on New Year's Day to find the four-story white letters of the world-famous "Hollywood" sign had been altered to read: "Hollyweed." The prank came just two months after California voters approved the recreational use of marijuana despite a federal ban.
Austin, Texas, police were tipped off to an illegal brothel when hundreds of condoms clogged a city sewer pipe in March. The blockage at Jade Massage Therapy was the smoking gun that led to the arrest of two people for prostitution and money laundering.
Advertisement
Advertisement
U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents were spared a spine-chilling surprise when a California man was arrested in July for trying to smuggle three highly poisonous king cobra snakes hidden in potato chip canisters.
Crooks had planned the latest haul of snakes in a can after all 20 king cobras in a previous shipment died in transit, authorities said.
Back in the political arena, an octogenarian ex-con New Jersey politician revived her burlesque act at a May fundraiser - although she kept her clothes on.
Former Jersey City Deputy Mayor Leona Beldini, who is in her early 80s and danced as "Hope Diamond," performed in a gown and feather boa to raise cash for a non-profit dance company, three years after being released from prison following a bribery conviction.
Animal stories also captured the public's attention.
Millions watched via webcam as April, a giraffe, gave birth to a 6-foot-tall (1.83-meter) male calf. From around the globe, her fans watched her endure the conclusion of a 16-month pregnancy at Animal Adventure Park in Harpursville, New York - in April, of course.
Months earlier, a small moth with a yellowish-white coif of scales was named for then-President-elect Trump, who wears a similar hairstyle, researchers told the scientific journal ZooKeys.
The new species of insect, Neopalpa donaldtrumpi, is native to Southern California and Mexico's Baja California, and is likely capable of flying over the proposed border wall with Mexico that was a central promise of Trump's presidential campaign.
(Editing by Scott Malone and Bernadette Baum)
In three weeks since he took over, President Ram Nath Kovind has given assent to six key legislations, including the one that extends the jurisdiction of trial in cases of maritime claims, arrests and detentions of ships to various courts.All the legislations, which got the presidential nod, were recently passed by Parliament.The Admiralty (Jurisdiction and Settlement of Maritime Claims) Act, 2017, which got the presidential assent recently, repeals two archaic laws -- 156-year-old Admiralty Court Act, 1861, and 127-year-old Colonial Courts of Admiralty Act, 1890.A bill in this regard was cleared by the Rajya Sabha on April 24. The Lok Sabha passed the bill on March 10.The colonial era legislations came into force when the country had only three major ports -- Bombay, Calcutta and Madras. So, at present also, admiralty disputes could be decided by the high courts in these cities only.The new Act extends jurisdiction for maritime claims and vests it with the respective high courts and over the territorial waters of their respective jurisdictions.The President has also approved the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (Amendment) bill, 2017.Eleven lakh teachers appointed till March 2015 under the Right to Education (RTE) Act will now get time till 2019 to acquire the prescribed minimum qualifications for firming up their appointments, as per the new Act.The Rajya Sabha had on August 1 passed a bill in this regard. The Lok Sabha cleared the bill in July this year.As per the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, which came into effect from April 1, 2010, these teachers were to acquire minimum qualifications within five years i.E. By March 31, 2015.The President also approved the Collection of Statistics (Amendment) bill, 2017, which empowers the Centre to collect socio-economic and other statistical data from Jammu and Kashmir.A bill to amend Collection of Statistics Act, 2008, was passed by the Rajya Sabha on July 26 even as various opposition parties had objected to it saying it was not proper in view of Article 370 which grants special status to Jammu and Kashmir. The Lok Sabha approved the bill in April.The Indian Institutes of Information Technology (Public- private Partnership) bill, 2017, the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (Amendment) bill, 2017 and the Footwear Design and Development Institute bill, 2017, have also got the presidential approval.The Indian Institutes of Information Technology (Public- Private Partnership) Act, 2017 grants statutory status to the Indian Institutes of Information Technology (IIITs) and declare them as 'Institutions of National Importance'. There are 15 IIITs across the country.The National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research (Amendment) Act, 2017 gives the status of national importance to the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) at Tirupati (Andhra Pradesh) and Berhampur (Odisha).A bill to amend the National Institutes of Technology, Science Education and Research Act, 2007 (NITSER Act) was passed by the Rajya Sabha on July 16 and by the Lok Sabha on March 28 this year.The Footwear Design and Development Institute Act, 2017, empowers the Footwear Design and Development Institute (FDDI) in Uttar Pradesh's Noida to grant degrees and diplomas.It also declares the FDDI as an institution of national importance for the promotion and development of quality and excellence in education, research and training in all disciplines relating to footwear and leather products design and development.The Footwear Design and Development Institute bill, 2017 was passed by the Rajya Sabha on July 24 and by the Lok Sabha on April 5.
ISLAMABAD - Reshuffle is imminent in the foreign ministry after Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif appointed Tehmina Janjua as the foreign secretary, officials at the foreign ministry said while talking to The Nation on Tuesday.
Janjua, who has become the first woman to take the top job at the foreign ministry, is currently serving as Ambassador and Permanent Representative to the United Nations in Geneva.
Once she vacates the office early next month, the government will send someone to replace her, resulting in a chain of vacancies at the ministry.
“There could be around 10 new appointments due to the reshuffle. The foreign ministry will make proposals and send it to the prime minister. The new appointments would be made soon,” a senior official at the foreign ministry said.
The official said that the other candidates for the position of foreign ministry's secretary —- High Commissioner to India Abdul Basit, High Commissioner to the United Kingdom Syed Ibne Abbas, Ambassador in China Masood Khalid and former ambassador to France Ghalib Iqbal could now get new jobs as part of the reshuffle.
He said that the appointment of the new foreign secretary was expected in January but it came in mid-February.
“You can expect the new appointments anytime but it can also take [some] time. Hopefully within a week, we will be done with the reshuffle,” he added.
Incumbent Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmed Chaudhry will fly to Washington to replace Jalil Abbas Jilani as ambassador next month and he will be replaced by Tehmina Janjua back home.
Prime Minister Sharif is making key appointments in the foreign ministry with an aim to improve ties with the US and defuse tension with India.
Sharif is also under pressure to appoint a full-time foreign minister to deal with the diplomatic challenges.
Currently, Adviser to Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz and Special Assistant Tariq Fatemi are looking after the foreign ministry who is a Sharif keeps the ministerial portfolio with himself.
The immediate challenges for the top Pakistani diplomats are winning US President Donald Trump's trust and mustering support against Indian aggression besides improving ties with the regional countries.
Foreign Office Spokesperson Nafees Zakaria told The Nation, that it was up to the prime minister to make new appointments.
“The proposals will be sent from here [the foreign ministry] but the final decision will be taken by the prime minister. It is up to him to announce the appointments whenever he desires,” he said.
Meanwhile, on Tuesday, Director-General South Asia and South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation Dr Mohammad Faisal summoned Indian Deputy High Commissioner JP Singh and condemned the unprovoked ceasefire violation by the Indian occupation forces from 1055-1120 hrs, on February 13, along the Line of Control in Thub area [Bhimber Sector], resulting in the death of three soldiers.
The deliberate targeting of civilians and soldiers was indeed condemnable and contrary to human dignity and international human rights and humanitarian laws, said a foreign ministry statement.
“The director-general urged the Indian side to respect the 2003 Ceasefire Understanding; investigate this and other incidents of ceasefire violations; instruct the Indian forces to respect the ceasefire, in letter and spirit and maintain peace on the LoC,” it added.
Separately on Tuesday, Pakistan called upon the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to refrain from any step that undermines the prospects of regional peace and stability as the latest missile test is a violation of the UN Security Council Resolutions.
Pakistan has consistently supported a nuclear weapons-free Korean Peninsula, as agreed by all parties.
“It called upon the DPRK to refrain from actions, which run counter to the objective of reaching a peaceful and diplomatic solution to the issue within the framework of the Six Party Talks,” the foreign office said.
Pakistan summons Indian Deputy HC over LoC killings
At the request of many teams and dedicated swim fans, SwimSwam now offers a way to embed the latest swimming news stories directly into your team website. This is a great way to keep the swimmers visiting your team site informed about the swimming news stories relevant to your team. News from every category on SwimSwam is available in widget form and every widget is automatically updated with the latest swimming news stories from SwimSwam as they are published.
For example, if your team was in the Big 12 conference you might head to the Big 12 page on SwimSwam and copy the code on the bottom right of the page:
Big 12 Swimming News by SwimSwam
Pasting this HTML code into your website will embed this widget of Big 12 swimming news stories:
How to Embed the Swimming News Widget
Find the category relevant to your team. Categories can be found from the dropdown menus in the main navigation of SwimSwam or on any article next to the date. Click on the link to the category and scroll down the page. The embed code and a preview of the widget are available. Copy the code in the box (beginning with “
India's flag-bearers, Kidambi Srikanth and PV Sindhu, have been given relatively easy draws in the year-ending Dubai Superseries finals, which kick off at the Sheikh Hamdan Indoor Stadium from the afternoon of Wednesday, 13 December.
In the preliminary group stage, during the first three days of the $1 million prize money five-day competition, two sets of four players will play against one another in a round-robin format. The top two from each group will clash in the cross-over play-off semi-finals (in which A1 will play B2, while B1 will take on A2), with the winners going through to the summit clash, to claim the richest prize in the sport.
Srikanth, by virtue of being second in the list on the strength of points garnered during the 2017 season, has been drawn in Group ‘B' with China's Shi Yuqi, Chinese Taipei's Chou Tien Chen and Denmark's reigning world champion, Viktor Axelsen. Group ‘A' features South Korea's Son Wan Ho, Malaysia's Lee Chong Wei, Hong Kong's Ng Ka Long Angus and China's two-time former world champion, Chen Long.
In the women's singles, Sindhu, who finished fourth in the race to qualify for the season-ending grand finals, has been drawn in Group ‘A', in the company of China's He Bingjiao, and two Japanese players, the 27-year-old left-hander, Sayaka Sato, and the 20-year-old Akane Yamaguchi, who ended what was her best-ever season with 83,710 points — the most by any player, male or female.
The lanky Japanese southpaw, Sato, was actually 10th in the list of qualifiers, one spot ahead of India's Saina Nehwal; but was called up into the final-eight after Spain's 2016 Olympic gold medalist, Carolina Marin, and reigning world champion, Nozomi Okuhara, withdrew from the tournament, citing injury.
The other group features the current World No 1, Tai Tzu Ying of Chinese Taipei, South Korea's Sung Ji Hyun, Thailand's 2013 world champion Ratchanok Intanon and China's Chen Yufei. Tai, with 94,259 points, actually had nearly 15,000 more points than second-ranked Yamaguchi (with 79,549), but was able to gather just 79,420 points in the race to Destination Dubai, thanks to her playing in just 13 tournaments, compared to Yamaguchi's 83,710 points from participation in 18 championships.
What makes Srikanth's task of qualifying for the semi-finals easier is the fact that he has an excellent 3-0 record in career meetings with the 21-year-old Shi Yuqi, and is deadlocked at 1-1 against Chinese Taipei's Chou, with their last meeting taking place in this very tournament in 2015. The Indian has improved enormously since then, both in terms of speed and stamina, and is unlikely to be troubled by the Taiwanese.
That leaves Srikanth with just defending champion Axelsen to worry about in his group. The towering Dane, whose maiden title in the 2016 Dubai event broke the hoodoo of his having ended runner-up on seven previous occasions in Superseries tournament finals, is deadlocked at 3-all in career head-to-heads with Srikanth.
The Odense-born Axelsen had lost to the Indian in his home town, in the quarter-final of the Denmark Open Superseries Premier, on the last occasion that the two met. The scores, on that occasion, were 14-21, 22-20, 21-7 in Srikanth's favour; and the triumph had reversed a three-match losing streak for the Indian at Axelsen's hands.
With that mental fillip, of having beaten the Dane in his own den, the aggressive Srikanth could go all out to finish atop Group ‘B'. He would then be required to take on the second-placed player in the other group that features two players who have won this particular tournament earlier — Malaysia's Lee in 2013, and China's Chen Long in 2012 and 2014. Even if the Indian finishes with two wins and a loss, he would be strongly favoured to go through to the play-off semi-finals.
In a very similar situation as Srikanth is Sindhu, in Group ‘A' of the women's singles. The powerful, but inconsistent, 22-year-old Indian leads Japan's Sato 2-1 in career head-to-heads, with victories in both their meetings in 2017 — at the Australian and China Opens — though both triumphs came after long-drawn battles. Sindhu also holds a comfortable 4-2 lead against Yamaguchi, having beaten the pugnacious Japanese in three of their last four stand-offs.
It is only Sindhu's win-loss record against China's left-handed He Bingjiao that gives some cause for concern. The Indian is a desperately tight 4-5 behind, but holds the distinction of having won their most recent clash — at the Korea Open, three months ago, by a 21-10, 17-21, 21-16 scoreline.
It should also be noted that neither of the two has let the other get away to a runaway lead. After losing their first two meetings in 2015-16, Sindhu has claimed victory on every alternate occasion that they have met, so close is their rivalry. The greatest advantage for He is the fact that Sindhu is distinctly uncomfortable playing against left-handers, and figuring out their deceptive strokes.
On the strength of her performance in the most recent Superseries tournament, the Hong Kong Open, where she defeated both Yamaguchi and Intanon in successive rounds before coming a cropper against Tai, Sindhu will be heavily favoured to make the semi-finals. If she should top her group, she will avoid a last-four clash with Tai, whose wizardry she has not been able to unravel, as her inferior 3-8 record against the Taiwanese shows.
Having had more than a fortnight, after the Hong Kong Open final on 26 November, to rest and recharge her batteries, Sindhu is expected to be in the right frame of mind and body to tackle the challenges thrown up by the Dubai Superseries finals. With Srikanth having taken a much longer period to get over his thigh strain and attain full fitness, the Indian challenge should be at its strongest when the world's richest badminton tournament kicks off in the Arabian desert.
Quashing rebellions and silencing secrets
The Guinean government spent a good part of November repressing free expression.
Speaking at the International Union of the Francophone Press meeting in Conakry, Guinea on 25 November 2017, President Alpha Condé described a national teachers' strike as "a rebellion", according to The Media Foundation for West Africa (MFWA).
Condé then added that if media outlets report statements made by Aboubacar Soumah - a teachers' union leader who called for the strike - they would be considered "accomplices" and taken off the air.
The MFWA has expressed concern over Condé's threat, describing it as "a frontal attack on press freedom."
The organisation has good reason to be worried.
On 2 November 2017, Guinea's media regulator - the Haute autorité de la Communication (HAC) - suspended Radio Espace and its country affiliates for seven days, following on-air comments made by journalist Moussa Moise Sylla.
Sylla had said that Guinea's military garrisons are crumbling, and urged authorities to provide psychological care to soldiers who had returned home from peacekeeping missions.
The HAC said that his comments were "liable to undermine national security, the morale of the armed forces and public order.”
Sylla was subsequently charged with "divulging military secrets." He is scheduled to appear in court on 25 December.
The MFWA has denounced the charge, noting that the journalist's observations are "valid for military institutions in much of Africa, and cannot, therefore, be a security-threatening revelation as the public prosecutor is claiming."
Reporters without Borders (RSF) secretary-general Christophe Deloire has been equally vocal about Condé's recent treatment of the press.
RSF secretary-general Christophe Deloire (far left) and Jean Kouchner, president of the Francophone Press Union (right) met with Guinean president Alpha Condé on 25 November 2017 Reporters without Borders
At the International Union of the Francophone Press meeting on 25 November, Deloire said: "Mr. President, we appeal to you today in a constructive spirit not to make comments amounting to intimidation, which don't constitute a policy." Deloire added "As an African proverb might say, you don't burn the savannah because there are weeds. Quality journalism is a legitimate aspiration, but the media should not be undermined in an attempt to achieve it."
Preventing paediatric HIV through access to information
Irene Nkosi believes that access to information can save lives. And she's right.
Through her work with mothers2mothers (m2m) in South Africa, Nkosi supports HIV-positive pregnant women in obtaining information and resources to help them sure their children are born HIV-negative.
South African activist Irene Nkosi was recently featured as one of People Magazine's "25 Women Changing the World" mothers2mothers
The cause is near and dear to her heart; Nkosi found out she was HIV-positive in her teens, while she was pregnant with her second child. The stigma she faced from her family was fierce. "After I told my family, they started to treat me like a dog," Nkosi told IOL. "I built a 'doghouse' outside the main house for [myself] so that I do not infect anyone."
But Nkosi's life changed in 2008 when she was referred to m2m, and found out she was not alone. She then began to work with the organisation as a Mother Mentor - a frontline worker who provides essential health education and support to women on how they can protect their babies from HIV infection.
On 2 November 2017, People magazine recognised Nkosi as one of "25 Women Changing the World." The Pretoria-based activist was featured alongside well-known celebrities such as wildlife activist Jane Goodall and singer Demi Lovato.
"When I now talk to other HIV-positive pregnant women, I'm talking about something I've gone through, not something I've read about in a book," Nkosi told Huffington Post South Africa. She said that education about mother-to-child HIV transmission is necessary because "many women in our communities are still not fully informed."
Martha vs. Mugabe
On 21 November, the globe watched in awe as the world's oldest president resigned.
Members of Parliament danced, citizens paraded through the streets and the sounds of cars honking could be heard all through Harare, Zimbabwe.
Robert Mugabe - infamous for a 37-year rule marked by high poverty rates, corruption, and repression - was finally stepping down.
But for some Zimbabweans the celebrations had an ominous undertone to them, as they continued to grapple with the legacy of censorship left behind by the Mugabe era.
Just three weeks before Mugabe's resignation, 25-year-old US citizen Martha O'Donovan was detained in Harare on charges of subversion and undermining authority. The charges - which could lead to over 20 years in prison - were brought forth after O'Donovan was accused of tweeting that Mugabe was "a selfish and sick man." The tweet was allegedly accompanied by an image of Mugabe with a catheter, Al Jazeera reports.
O'Donovan - who works as a program associate for satirical online channel Magamba TV - has called the charges "baseless and malicious." Her arrest spurred international outcry, and prompted the hashtags #FreeMartha and #ArrestUsAll.
The media activist was granted bail from the the maximum-security Chikurubi prison on 9 November, but the charges against her remain.
On the day of O'Donovan's release, Amnesty International Zimbabwe's Executive Director, Cousin Ziala stated: "While we welcome the decision to release her, the absurd charges against Martha O'Donovan clearly don't stand up to scrutiny and must be dropped. We fear she will not be the last to be swept up in the clampdown on social media platforms.
O'Donovan's detention comes less than a month after former finance minister Patrick Chinamasa was commissioned to lead the Ministry of Cybersecurity, Threat Detection, and Mitigation, who Zimbabweans soon began referring to as the "Minister of WhatsApp."
In October, the Media Institute of Southern Africa-Zimbabwe said that Minister Chinamasa's threats to tighten control over social media had "chilling effects on the use of social media by the citizenry."
US citizen Martha O'Donovan is released on bail at Chikurubi Maximum Prison in Harare, Zimbabwe, 10 November 2017 REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo
Ugandan government represses "Red Pepper"
"Charging journalists with endangering security because of an article? Sending anti-terrorist police to a newspaper? What is the Museveni government afraid of?" These are just some of the questions that RSF had about the Ugandan government's recent clampdown on Red Pepper newspaper.
On 21 November, eight senior employees of the popular tabloid paper were arrested as police conducted an anti-terrorist raid on their offices in Kampala.
The arrests were prompted by a Red Pepper article published the day before, which claimed that Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni was plotting against Rwandan president Paul Kagame.
Five of Red Pepper's directors and three of its editors were taken to Nalufenya Detention Centre. A week later, the Buganda Road Court charged them with seven counts, including publication of information prejudicial to national security, libel and offensive communication.
Human Rights Network for Journalists -Uganda has condemned the charges and arrests. On 27 November, HRNJ-Uganda National Coordinator Robert Ssempala stated: "We believe that the decision by court to deny the suspects bail after a week-long detention at Nalufenya was subjecting them to further […] abuse. We call on the State to let work resume at the Red Pepper as the court case is going on."
The editors and directors are due to appear in court on 5 December.
Media excellence in West Africa, a win for FOI, and #FreeNseRamon
Media Rights Agenda-Nigeria (MRA) celebrated a legal victory this month that has been lauded as a "victory for transparency" by Premium Times newspaper. On 28 November, a Lagos High Court ruled that Nigeria's Freedom of Information (FOI) Act, 2011, "is applicable to the Government of Lagos State and does not require 'domestication' by the State to have effect."
The ruling came as a result of a suit launched by MRA against the Lagos State Ministry of Health and the Lagos State Government over its failure to disclose records and information requested under the FOI Act.
Victory for transparency as court rules FOI law applicable to Lagos govt https://t.co/Z4Wo5eX1ti pic.twitter.com/FiGrIyM7y9 — Premium Times (@PremiumTimesng) November 29, 2017
Fighting impunity in The Gambia, DRC and Nigeria
The Africa Freedom of Information Centre (AFIC) also had a lot to celebrate last month. On 2 November, the Ugandan government gave AFIC an award in recognition of the organisation's dedication to open contracting.Since 2011, AFIC has worked with private, public and civil society groups to promote the enhancement of disclosure in all stages of public contracting. In a tweet , Gilbert Sendugwa, head of the AFIC Secretariat, referred to the award as "very humbling."The MFWA also began November on a high note after hosting the inaugural West Africa Media Excellence Awards (WAMECA) in Accra,. From 28-30 October 2017, WAMECA brought together media experts, activists and editors from across West Africa, as well as government representatives, development partners and members of the diplomatic community. Awards recognising journalism excellence on numerous topics were presented; these included reporting on women's rights, the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), anti-corruption and more.Another award was granted in November for excellent journalism, but the mood surrounding the recognition was more sombre, and for good reason.On 4 November 2017, Cartoonists Rights Network International granted cartoonist and activist Ramón Esono Ebalé the CRNI Award for Courage in Editorial Cartooning, in absentia. Ebalé was arbitrarily detained on 16 September in; he has not been released or charged since. Ebalé's cartoons are widely recognized as being critical of President Teodoro Obiang and other government officials. You can join a twitter campaign calling for his immediate and unconditional release by using and following the #FreeNseRamon hashtag.
Major strides against injustice in The Gambia were made last month as free expression defenders around the globe commemorated the International Day to End Impunity for Crimes Against Journalists.
According to the MFWA, two senior government officials revealed that the Gambian government will comply with the rulings of the ECOWAS Court in the cases of murdered editor Deyda Hydara, disappeared reporter Chief Ebrima Manneh and tortured journalist Musa Saidykhan.
The parents of disappeared reporter Chief Ebrima Manneh (seated) are photographed with the MFWA and GPU's mediation team MFWA/GPU
This is the vision of a new Chorley civic square - which has come a step closer.
The planned square - opposite the town hall - is a top council priority. Its creation has been boosted after councillors gave the go-ahead for Oak House - on the corner of Market Street and High Street - to be demolished.
Chorley Council purchased Oak House and the surrounding land to redevelop into a car park.
The building is now set to be demolished to make way for 28 parking spaces, which will add to the 19 spaces already created on the adjoining car park on the corner of High Street and Cleveland Street.
However, a new civic square is dependent on the Gala Bingo site becoming available and talks between council leaders and Gala over relocating the bingo hall are continuing.
Gala Bingo holds a long lease on the building and has indicated it wants to remin there. The new car parking plans do not affect Gala Bingo, which will remain open while the Oak House site is being developed.
Coun Alistair Bradley, Leader of Chorley Council, said: “As part of the Market Walk extension scheme, we committed to providing sufficient car parking to support
the new build and existing businesses and the purchase and redevelopment of Oak House is one of a number of options we are progressing.
“Oak House does have a lot of history behind it but inside it is now office space and is not fit for the purpose of modern day retailers or businesses. Eventually, the plan is to create a civic square in that location but for now it will provide extra parking in the centre of town.
“We want to be ambitious for Chorley and give the residents of the whole borough a town centre that they can be proud of. The work taking place at the moment, including developing Market Walk, creating Chorley Youth Zone and improving streets like Fazakerley Street, will make our town centre into a place where people want to spend their leisure time and do their shopping rather than going to neighbouring towns and cities.”
The council is also exploring options to further increase car parking, including making the United Reform Church car park into a public car park and transforming Apex House on Arley Street into parking spaces and introducing a park and ride scheme, additional to the 54 spaces already made available on Hollinshead Street.
Additionally, people will start to see changes to Fazakerley Street in the town centre from next week as work starts on improving the street and replacing the paving from Tuesday 18 April.
“Our plans to improve the town centre are now taking shape with people starting to see work taking place,” added Coun Bradley.
“What we'd encourage people to do is support us in this and shop local where you can – we can put investment in to improve the facilities but we need residents to come and spend their money here to support local traders, create new jobs and keep money in the local economy.”
The term feedback is often loosely used to describe marks, reports and annotations or general comments on written assignments. But none of these is …
Rwead more
SINGAPORE: The premises of the former Pioneer Secondary School at Jurong West Street 81 are to be repurposed as a foreign system school, following the launch of a tender for foreign system school operators by the Singapore Land Authority (SLA) and the Economic Development Board (EDB) on Tuesday (Apr 18).
The tender is aimed at attracting operators “interested in providing more affordable foreign system education”, according to a joint press release from SLA and EDB.
Foreign system schools strengthen Singapore's position as an attractive city, said EDB's director of human capital Marcus Dass in the news release.
“Foreign system schools play a part in strengthening Singapore's position as an attractive global city and home for business,” he said. “While many existing foreign system schools in Singapore have been delivering high quality international education, there are requests for more affordable and diverse school options.
“Suitable premises without extensive facilities common in many existing international schools will allow operators the opportunity to provide quality international school education at a more affordable fee,” Mr Dass added.
Yap Eai-Sy, SLA's deputy director of business planning and development, said that the “conversion of a former school would provide for cost efficiencies against the capital outlay required for the construction of a new building.”
Ms Yap added that the tender will ask for a “3+3+3 year rental scheme” instead of a 30-year lease, which she said would reduce capital outlay for operators.
The tender opens on Tuesday. Those who are interested in the site can visit SLA's State Property Information Online website for more information.
Yangon: Myanmar on Saturday denied that there were five mass graves of Rohingya Muslims in a village in crisis-hit Rakhine state, saying that 19 "terrorists" had been killed and buried in the area.
The Associated Press used testimony from dozens of Rohingya refugees and time-stamped cell phone videos to describe a massacre by soldiers and at least five previously unreported mass graves in Rakhine's Gu Dar Pyin village.
The Myanmar government's Information Committee said in a statement posted on its Facebook page that a government inspection team had gone to the village to probe the AP report and found it to be false.
"The inspection team systematically investigated the AP's report on the Gu Dar Pyin village case, including interviewing villagers, and found it not to be true," the statement said.
The AP report, which AFP could not independently verify, described grisly violence at the hands of soldiers and Buddhist vigilantes, who allegedly attacked villagers with guns, knives, rocket launchers and grenades before dumping bodies into pits and dousing them with acid.
Satellite images obtained by the AP show a village that has been completely wiped out, with villagers interviewed in refugee camps in Bangladesh claiming that up to 400 people could have been killed.
The Information Committee said there had been deadly clashes between security forces and Rohingya militants in the village on 28 August which left 19 "terrorists" dead.
"Nineteen dead terrorists were found... the bodies were buried," the statement said, without giving details on the location or nature of the graves.
Myanmar troops are accused of waging an ethnic cleansing campaign against the Muslim minority, nearly 7,00,000 of whom have fled to Bangladesh since last August.
The army staunchly denies the allegation, saying it is a proportionate crackdown on Rohingya rebels. It blocks media and UN investigators from independently visiting the conflict zone.
The severe restrictions on media access imposed by Myanmar make it difficult to verify the flood of testimony gathered from Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh, whose stories have led the UN to accuse Myanmar troops of possible genocide.
Based on a survey of refugees, Doctors Without Borders estimates that at least 6,700 Rohingya were killed in the first month of the military crackdown.
The army has put the official death toll of the conflict at 400, including 376 Rohingya "terrorists".
Last month the army made a rare admission that four members of the security forces had helped kill 10 Rohingya militant suspects on September 2 and left their bodies in a hastily dug pit.
Right groups say that incident is the tip of the iceberg.
A deranged reader walked into the offices of the Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis, Maryland, Thursday, June 28, with shotgun blazing.
He didn't walk into the offices of The Register-Herald — and yet, he did. Because we journalists are all in this together.
Jarrod Warren Ramos killed four writers and a sales representative. Today, all the writers and sales reps at The Register-Herald are alive — and yet, we're not. Not wholly. Because Ramos killed little pieces of us, too.
News reports say he “had a long, acrimonious history with the newspaper, including a lawsuit and years of harassment of its journalists on Twitter.”
Every newspaper has detractors. It has long been a community sport to impugn the local “rag.” The stories aren't good enough, long enough, short enough or well written. There's too much “soft” news and not enough “hard” news. There's too much “hard” news and not enough “good” news.
In the last few years, slamming the press has felt like a national pastime.
Sometimes, angry response comes from readers or story subjects because we've told “inconvenient truths.” Truth is seldom comfortable. But truth is what all responsible journalists — and the ad reps who support them — strive for no matter what the consequences. Even as newspapers seem to close almost weekly, readers' need for responsible journalism — whatever the medium — increases.
In an environment fueled by distrust of those who go after the truth, in which the president calls the press the “enemy of America,” when understanding of the press's most important job — holding those in power accountable — is waning among the general public, it's surprising that such an attack didn't happen sooner.
But it seems those weren't the reasons Ramos went on a rampage, Thursday.
Apparently, the Captial Gazette attack was by a man who had hated the newspaper for almost a decade. A surviving editor had considered filing a restraining order against him five years ago. Apparently, it wasn't a general attack on the press but a personal vendetta carried out against specific writers.
We never knew them. And yet, we did. Rob Hiaasen, Gerald Fischman, Wendi Winters, John McNamara, Rebecca Smith didn't sit next to us in The Register-Herald News offices. But Eddie Mowen Jr., Kelsey Kimbler, Betsy Kemp, Peggy Crabtree and Doug Meeks do.
We're all in this together, all of us, across the nation and around the world. Just like the people in the Capital Gazette newsroom, we're in mourning, too.
It's been a year since we named Alex Lahey an Artist To Watch and she's lived up to the title ever since. Her debut album, I Love You Like A Brother, came out this past October and we reveled in its quirks via singles “Every Day's The Weekend,” “Lotto In Reverse,” and the palpably relatable “I Haven't Been Taking Care Of Myself.”
Today she shares the video for the title track. Directed by Giulia McGauran and Lahey's mom, Vicki, the video is an adorable mish-mash of old home videos and up-to-date clips of Lahey and her little brother, Will, showing the very best of siblinghood.
Alex and Will crack open cold ones, try to get ice cream on each others noses, and twerk on a phone booth, each clip of their hijinks coated with lyrics of love and an inevitable connection. There's the classic sibling sentiment, “People say we look the same, but I don't think we do,” and the less-classic but all too true, “Mothers and fathers don't last forever/ We don't have a choice so let's stick together.” Because at the end of the day, who better to annoy, argue with, and help resuscitate Elmo than your sibling? I feel like I have to go call my sisters now. Check out the video below.
I Love You Like A Brother is out now on Dead Oceans.
Brock Blaszczyk had no idea he'd get to ask a question at Thursday evening's town hall with the prime minister. But when the retired corporal was offered the chance, he accepted immediately.
Blaszczyk had served in Afghanistan for less than a year, when he was injured in an explosion and lost his leg.
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau's town hall in Edmonton sees him field questions on pipelines, veterans and racism
“I was working through my own stuff in my own head, with my PTSD, my injuries and everything like that… but after seeing other veterans going up against the government — the big dog — through court cases and everything, enough is enough.
“Canada needs to realize it's not all fine and dandy in the veterans' world.”
So, when it was his turn to ask Justin Trudeau a question, he knew he wanted to address concerns with Ottawa's plan to reform some veterans' programs, including changes to disability pensions.
“I was prepared to be killed in action,” Blaszczyk said. “What I wasn't prepared for, Mr. Prime Minister, is Canada turning its back on me.”
His emotional statement was met with applause.
“I was nervous at first, and then when I got into it and brought up the problems that I see and that I personally experience, frustration kind of came out,” Blaszczyk recalled. “I just kind of blocked out everybody else in the room and it was like me and him just in a room by ourselves.”
Trudeau started his response by thanking him for his service and said his frustration and anger are justifiable.
Watch below: Military veteran tells Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at Edmonton town hall event that he feels like Canada turned its back on him.
Trudeau said the government is investing more in programs to help veterans throughout their lives instead of the lump sum payments under the old system. The prime minister explained that program spending must be taken into account.
“Why are we still fighting against certain veterans' groups in court? Because they are asking for more than we are able to give right now,” Trudeau said to some shouts and boos from the crowd.
“You are asking for honest answers.”
READ MORE: Federal budget to bring back lifetime pension option for Canadian veterans
Blaszczyk said the prime minister's response was disappointing.
“I kind of knew I'd get the typical politician answer. It's his job… he has to represent all Canadians to the best of his ability.
“I was disappointed in the fact that he said, ‘Well, we just don't have the money for that right now.'”
The veteran said his intention was to hold Trudeau to promises he made during the election campaign.
READ MORE: Veterans affairs minister urges patience on pensions for injured ex-soldiers
“He made a promise that us veterans wouldn't have to fight the government in court anymore,” Blaszczyk said. “But yet, there's still veterans out there in a legal battle with him over this whole mess of lifetime pensions.”
He said since the exchange, his phone is buzzing non-stop and Blaszczyk doesn't plan on quieting down any time soon.
“It's just time to be silent no more.”
Over the weekend, rumors swirled after a photo of Jay-Z and Damian Marley hanging out in Jamaica surfaced on social media. With the idea of a possible Jay-Z album pervading the hip-hop scene, Marley added more fuel to the fire when he confirmed to Billboard that he and the Brooklyn MC recently worked together on some new music.
“We did some work in the studio recently and he wanted to come to Jamaica to get a tour of the place,” Marley tells Billboard over the phone. “He's been to Jamaica before, but never Kingston. So he wanted to come down to Kingston and asked us if we could have been there to show him around and give him a tour musically, in terms of our history in Kingston.”
While Marley is currently on a European tour and focusing on his forthcoming album Stony Hill (dropping July 21), he acknowledged that the music will not live on his project, but possibly on Jay-Z's.
“Well, I did some work with him for some stuff that he's working on,” Marley says. “I'm not really sure of the details of his project in that sense, but we worked on some music together. I've been a fan of his music since he came out. We've never done any musical work together. So that was a joy to finally work together musically.”
Last week, many fans questioned the possibility of a Jay-Z album when cryptic 4:44 Tidal ads appeared around New York City and the Web. Once a trailer for 4:44 arrived, it turned out to be a film starring Mahershala Ali and Danny Glover, not a new Hov project.
This article originally appeared on Billboard.
Shigetoshi Hasegawa made a career of going one on one against the American League's most intimidating sluggers during nine seasons mostly as a middle reliever.
All of 5 feet 11 and 170 pounds, the former Angel and Seattle Mariner went at guys like Barry Bonds, Albert Belle and Frank Thomas without ever backing down. He was always aggressive, always confident that even though he didn't have an overpowering fastball, he believed he could get anyone out.
When he left baseball after the 2005 season, he had compiled a 45-43 record, 3.70 earned-run average and was selected to the AL All-Star team in 2003, a season in which he converted 16 of 17 save opportunities for the Mariners.
But all of that might have been child's play when compared to the competitive odds he'll be facing next week.
Hasegawa, 49, will play in the 117th U.S. Amateur golf championship, generally regarded as the most prestigious amateur golf tournament in the world. More than 7,000 golfers tried to qualify for a spot in the field of 312; Hasegawa made it by shooting two under par for two rounds at his home course, Mission Viejo Country Club, on July 24.
The Amateur will be held at Riviera and Bel-Air Country Clubs Monday through Aug. 20. Monday and Tuesday, two rounds of stroke play at both courses will cut the field down to 64 players. They move on to match play the rest of the week at Riviera.
It has become, more than anything, a young man's championship, for many the final step to a professional career. The average age of the field is barely 22. And no one over the age of 24 has won the event since 1993.
Still, Hasegawa, who looks as fit as he did in his playing days and maintains the same light-hearted demeanor that made him so popular with teammates and fans, is hopeful he can make the match-play field of 64. Once there, he figures, anything can happen.
“I've played in tournaments with a lot of the young guys,” Hasegawa said recently after an early-morning round at his home club. “They can hit it very long. I'm pretty long too, but now I just try to hit it 280 down the middle.
“The important thing for me is to keep tension out of it, keep an even temper. In baseball, you can get very excited; in golf, you can't. If I can stay at 60 or 70 percent all week, I'll be OK.”
Hasegawa isn't the oldest player with California ties playing next week. That's Robby Funk, 54, of Canyon Lake, who got into the field by being low amateur in the U.S. Senior Open in early July. He was the only amateur to make the cut after he dropped a six-foot putt for par at the end of his second round, a putt that left Nick Faldo one shot above the cut line.
In Hasegawa's mind, keeping an even keel and relying on his skills will be much more important than his opponent … assuming he gets to match play.
He has enough guts to compete against any opponent. His mental skills are very advanced. — Shintaro Ishiyama, a golf instructor, regarding Shigetoshi Hasegawa
Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times Shigetoshi Hasegawa works on his game at his home course of Mission Viejo Country Club. Shigetoshi Hasegawa works on his game at his home course of Mission Viejo Country Club. (Gina Ferazzi / Los Angeles Times)
“I'm still running a lot, lifting weights for golf,” he said. “It doesn't really matter who I'm playing; an amateur is an amateur. I don't care if he played in the British Amateur or whatever. I pitched against guys built like this [spreading his arms out well beyond his shoulders]; it's not a big deal.”
Hasegawa was a starter for the Orix Blue Wave in Japan for six years before signing with the Angels before the 1997 season, the first Japanese player on the Angels' 40-man roster. He pitched in Anaheim for five seasons before signing with Seattle in 2002 as a free agent. He didn't start playing golf until he was 22 and became an adequate player during his baseball days, shooting in the 80s. But five years ago, he decided to get serious, planning to try to compete at least occasionally in events on the senior tour once he turned 50. He contacted Shintaro Ishiyama, who runs the P.Fit Golf Studio in Irvine and who has worked with several Japanese professionals.
“He's a former professional athlete, so he has power,” Ishiyama said. “If he really swings, his club head speed is 120 mph; that's up there with Tiger Woods. It's still about 115 when he swings easy. I was very surprised at how strong he is; he looks skinny, but he's very fit.”
Shintaro worked intently with Hasegawa on his short game.
“When he came to me, he had only one simple chipping stroke, so his scoring was inconsistent,” he said. “We worked on different techniques, and that has really helped him around the greens.”
Hasegawa's power didn't come from swinging a bat. He played in 677 games in Japan and the American League and had only one official plate appearance. But several movements in pitching transfer well to golf.
“Since he was a pitcher, the weight shift and the motion are very close to the golf swing,” Ishiyama said. “I think that was a real advantage for him. And being a pitcher makes him very strong mentally too.
“He has enough guts to compete against any opponent. His mental skills are very advanced.”
Other pitchers have also become good competitive golfers. Ralph Terry, Rick Rhoden and Erik Hanson all played in USGA championship events, though never in the Amateur.
Kevin P. Casey / Los Angeles Times Shigetoshi Hasegawa works in relief for the Angels during a game against the Red Sox in 1998. Shigetoshi Hasegawa works in relief for the Angels during a game against the Red Sox in 1998. (Kevin P. Casey / Los Angeles Times)
Hasegawa has been a fast learner. “Most players, they can work on only one thing at a time,” Ishiyama said. “Shiggy can work on three things at once, shallow angle at impact, weight shift, hitting from the inside, whatever. I can tell him what he needs to do and he does it right away."
Hasegawa tried unsuccessfully to qualify for the Amateur the last two years. He didn't have the necessary skills two years ago and last year was hurt. He works as a senior advisor for the Orix Buffaloes, finding American players for the Japanese team.
“I try to play or practice in the mornings, then go into the office to research American players,” he said. “I'm really very busy these days.”
He has also worked with Angels pitchers in spring training as a special instructor. There's occasionally time for golf too.
“I've seen him swing a golf club,” Angels Manager Mike Scioscia said. “He kills the ball….
“I can tell you, if he's got the same makeup sitting over a seven-foot putt as he did when he was on the mound, he's not going to scare off, he's going to sink it. He's got a great makeup.”
Mike Trout has played with Hasegawa several times.
“He's good,” Trout said “He's fun to play with, very outgoing, funny guy….
“He beats me all the time.”
Investigators were searching for the male driver of a silver Maserati who crashed his car into a California Highway Patrol vehicle before fleeing on foot in North Hollywood last week.
Officers attempted to pull over a Maserati with paper plates on the 170 Freeway shortly before 8:30 p.m. Friday for reckless driving and speeding, according to Officer Peter Nicholson of the CHP's transportation management center.
The driver of the Maserati sped off and was pursued for about 10 minutes until he collided with the patrol car near the intersection of St. Clair Avenue and Vose Street, according to authorities. An officer sustained a minor injury to his hand, Nicholson said.
The driver abandoned the car and fled on foot; his female passenger was detained and questioned by authorities, and later released, Nicholson said.
No other information was immediately available. Anyone with information was asked to contact the CHP's West Valley division at (818) 888-0980.
victoria.kim@latimes.com
For more California news, follow me on Twitter @vicjkim
ALSO
Women sue Orange County nail salon, claiming wage fraud amid long work days
Quake swarm near the California-Mexico border gets scientists' attention
The family of this San Bernardino terror attack victim is telling his story to anyone who will listen
Rose McGowan's Brave: Four reasons why you should read the actor's daring Hollywood expose
An eventful and painful life that explodes on text in an unapologetic, rapid voice laced with anger — Rose McGowan's Brave is all that, and more. Once you get past its reactionary tone, the book offers a pointed, courageous message: about misogyny in Hollywood; of the media's male-dominated soul; of how sexual abuse and harassment are accepted in Hollywood as a 'natural appetite' of its all-male power structure.
The book gives you a detailed picture of the abuse she suffered from Harvey Weinstein, making you cringe while you read. It offers an insider account of her complex relationship with filmmaker Robert Rodriguez, an unhinged power equation. In its reiteration of inbuilt sexist approaches, sexist remarks and sexist treatment by Hollywood producers, directors, writers, stylists, lawyers, managers and publicists, McGowan highlights the ease with which women are demeaned and mentally, physically, emotionally abused in showbiz (And "she is just a girl", a line she oft repeats).
Brave is written in the tone of a volatile teenager and often goes overboard. McGowan describes how getting married on the TV show Charmed ‘robbed' her of the blissful experience of a real marriage. Having accidentally become an actor, her entire experience with cinema is angry and filled with regret. She never liked being an actor or living the life of a star.
But once you get past all this, there's real insight that emerges from her painfully lived experiences and plenty of astute observations. So, here are four reasons why one must get their hands on Brave.
Of Hollywood Monsters: The Weinstein Episode
The graphic details of this incident make you gag — as does the cover-up machinery. McGowan's first impression of Harvey Weinstein, whom she refers to as the 'Monster' in the book, reflects just how repulsive she found him instinctively. When she goes to a Sundance red carpet with a co-star (read Ben Affleck), his reaction to the sexual assault is “Goddamit, I told him to stop doing that.” Her manager Jill Messick counsels her that this would be good for her career. She buys her silence for $100,000 and gives away a chunk of it to a rape crisis center. Yet, with Weinstein labeling her ‘bad news', Rose faces losing out on work. The chief at her talent management agency admits that he had helped bury an expose on the 'Monster' in LA Times, so he shouldn't have hurt Rose.
The most shocking part in this complicity is everyone's unquestioning participation. Be it the restaurant host that directs McGowan to Weinstein's hotel suite or the two young male assistants who leave his suite while she enters, none make eye contact with her. Each one seems to sense what's coming. Yet no one does or says anything.
This episode's biggest reveal is that nearly everyone is part of this machinery in Hollywood — a point she makes towards the end of the book with reference to a sex addicted male actor and his deliberate abuse of a young female actress; as well as Bill Cosby. (There's a whole machine set up behind the grotesque appetites of a star like that…….That makes it a supply chain. It was a cottage industry.)
Damaged Childhood, Runaway Street Punk and Surviving Anorexia
Rose McGowan spent her childhood in the confines of Children of God, a sex cult couched as religion, in Italy. She lives through it all defiantly and escapes with her father when there are claims of paedophilic practices in the sect. Rose's teenage years are spent jostling between an unstable, angry father and an emotionally dependent mother. She has to defend herself and her siblings as best she can from her abusive step-father (mother's boyfriend), a man who is legally prosecuted for sex abuse committed against his daughter.
McGowan does a stint in rehab, escapes and becomes a street punk. Her early years prove that she has survived hell — hunger, beatings, verbal and physical abuse and general humiliation. She reunites with her father but after tireless arguments, she runs away again and finally lands in Los Angeles.
Throughout, the actor-activist reveals her spirited personality — one that defends her three-and-a-half year old brother from being beaten brutally and one that fights back in Los Angeles. She has fond memories of restarting a life with her mother but it again doesn't last.
Her mother leaves her with a 20-year old rich, spoilt brat named William, a boyfriend who takes pleasure in dominating her. During her relationship with the abusive drug addict, she has no money to eat but would manage his Hollywood mansion staff. Rose develops an eating disorder during this phase. She decides to finally leave when her boyfriend chokes her by dragging her around by her collar, which makes her lose two toenails. McGowan escapes with her sister by selling Willam's Ford Explorer and a Steinway Piano.
Abuse mark McGowan's childhood, a living hell. She finds an escape route in acting. Being homeless and hungry can wear you out ("It's a different kind of hunger when your stomach is eating itself for the third night straight.") Yet, despite it all, her spirit remains unbroken till date.
Robert Rodriguez and ‘Destruction'
Rose's relationship with Marilyn Manson, the controversial rock star, was happy and affectionate. Manson paints watercolors, if you must know! Her choice to wear the ‘naked' dress during this phase got her slut-shamed. Actually, this wardrobe choice reflects on her conflicted state of mind in having to live the life of a celebrity.
Rose's relationship with Robert Rodriguez, whom she refers to as RR, establishes how abuse and toxicity can become an endless cycle. RR paints her on the roof of his Texan castle, all nude. He steals the name Cherry Darling, one that she had saved for her own daughter, and makes her the lead in his grindhouse film, Planet Terror. Demanding, possessive and angry, RR's deliberate abuse of power as her director pushes her to a point where she gets nerve damage on an arm. She is also apologetic for having hurt his ex wife by dating him.
The actor-activist mentions Quentin Tarantino's remark about having ‘used' the image of her painting her toe nails in Jawbreaker multiple times; a reference to his misogynistic lens on women and foot fetish (again, gag worthy moment). McGowan has called out Tarantino's cinema for its ultra-violent, damaging treatment of female characters. The ultimate betrayal of RR and Tarantino is when they sell the films — Planet Terror and Death Proof — to Miramax. McGowan has to pose on the red carpet with Weinstein during promotions, his ‘paws' all over her.
Rejecting the Cult of Thought in Hollywood
Rose McGowan's shocking personal story apart, Brave is a quick read for everyone because it digs out the deep roots of myth making, mind bending, artificial influence that Hollywood has over people. For adolescent girls, this book is a must-read.
Calling it the "Cult of Thought" in Hollywood, Rose constantly brings up the need for artificial perfection and conformity in the film industry. She shares the ageing anxiety that actors feel, and how it's ingrained that they must remain young, at all costs. That she underwent reconstructive plastic surgery under her eyes and was advised by her publicists to lie about it (calling it the consequence of a car accident), shows how PR machineries perpetrate lies for a living. The showbiz conditioning that she instinctively rejects ends when she poses for a Rolling Stone cover in the buff with Rosario Dawson.
She raises pertinent points about the gradual decline of cinema. “Cinema is dying”, she says, because the all-white, all-male power brokers in Hollywood “have f**ked themselves. They've marginalized themselves by clinging to misogynistic ways and outdated ideas.” Why does this feel so close to home, here in Bollywood too?
Pointing out the near absence of female film directors from major studios, the perpetration of female stereotypes, and systematic destabilising of a woman who doesn't fit in, Rose finds redemption in turning director and communicating with people directly through Twitter. Her point of view of Adam Sandler films and the talented heroines he gets, is a smart analysis of the al- American male bias of Hollywood. Ominously, she points out early on in Brave, “Very few sex symbols escape Hollywood with their minds intact, if they manage to stay alive at all.” And she encourages, “Know what you are watching so you can reject it. If Hollywood can't change, it deserves to fail.”
Well, this argumentative statement rings close to reality today. As does most of the book, which — in its effortless burning of bridges by a 40-plus actor — is brave in thought and purpose.
Published Date: Feb 04, 2018 10:09 AM | Updated Date: Feb 04, 2018 10:23 AM
City Manager Linda Cochrane expressed her sympathy on behalf of the city after a young man was struck and killed by an LRT train on Friday afternoon.
BEIJING/SHANGHAI: China's top court has overturned a decade-old ruling that sent a major retail magnate to jail for bribery and fraud, a rare high-profile reversal that comes as other executives battle corruption charges.
Zhang Wenzhong, founder of major retailer Wumart, was innocent, the People's Supreme Court said in a statement on Thursday, quashing a guilty verdict for which he received an 18-year jail term ten years ago.
Advertisement
The decision demonstrates the ruling Communist Party's resolve to strengthen protection of property and entrepreneurs' lawful rights and interests, the court added on its microblog.
The reversal is one of the most notable in China, where conviction rates historically are close to 100 percent, and follows a lengthy appeals battle since Zhang was released early in 2013.
It comes amid a fierce crackdown on corruption and corporate bad behaviour under Chinese President Xi Jinping that toppled a string of key executives and government officials.
In one of the most high-profile of those, Wu Xiaohui, the former chairman of Chinese insurance giant Anbang Insurance Group Co , is appealing a conviction for fraud and embezzlement that brought him a sentence of 18 years in prison, his lawyers told Reuters on Thursday.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Also swept up in the crackdown on the corporate sector is the chairman of CEFC China Energy, a private firm that had been chasing a US$9.1-billion stake in Russian oil major Rosneft.
In its statement, the supreme court said there was no evidence Zhang had appropriated funds for his own benefit, adding that earlier rulings had "made errors".
It cleared Zhang of forging documents to swindle subsidies related to government bonds. A payment of 300,000 yuan (US$46,864) to someone who helped Wumart in an acquisition was remuneration for services, rather than bribery, it added.
In 2008, a court in the northern province of Hebei sentenced Zhang to 18 years in prison, which was later reduced to 13 years. A higher-level Hebei court rejected an appeal in 2013 after Zhang's early release.
(US$1=6.4015 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Pei Li and Adam Jourdan; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from his son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when he says he witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
He ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped her lift the walker. He tenderly placed his hand on the woman's back to steady her. He climbed with her the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, she gave the boy a gentle embrace.
Riley Duncan Jr. captured a video of a simple act of kindness in Georgia: A young boy helping an elderly woman up the stairs. Here, the two embrace after the brief encounter.
Screenshot from video provided by Riley Duncan Jr.
He returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And his mother, Contricia Hill, told the station she is proud of her son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," she told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, she whispered a few words to him.
"She told him that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of his own: He says he met up with the boy after the fact and gave him a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up his girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, he summed up his feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Staff Reporter
Provincial Advisor to C.M Sindh on information Moula Bux Chandio has congratulated all newly elected office bearers of Karachi, Larkana and Sukkur Press Clubs and said in a statement issued here that the newly elected office bearers of these press clubs would follow the ethics of transparent journalism and would also play their positive and effective role in strengthening the rule of law and democratic institutions.
He added, ‘ Pakistan Peoples Party has always safeguarded the rights of the journalists because journalist community has also played a pioneer role in supporting democracy and eradicating dictatorship in the country'. He was pretty sure that the newly elected office bearers of the press clubs would continue to work for the welfare of their fellow men and would solve their issues on priority basis .
Meanwhile Advisor to CM Sindh on Information Moula Bux Chandio, while greeting happy New year 2017 to whole nation, has expressed his hope that the new year will bring happiness and joys to the nation and will also witness the complete eradication of terrorism in the country while the democratic norms will get more strength and the country will also make progress more rapidly in new year.
A new study is warning parents to avoid blinds with long cords, citing numerous cases of child deaths and injuries caused by the window coverings.
The research, published in journal Pediatrics, explained that children under six years of age are especially vulnerable to injuries caused by the common household accessory.
READ MORE: 5 ways to help make your home safer for kids
In the United States, nearly 17,000 children were taken to the emergency room with related injuries between 1990 and 2015, the study noted. It added that the most common injury was caused by blinds cords wrapping around the children.
“Despite existing voluntary safety standards for window blinds, these products continue to pose an injury risk to young children,” the study reads, recommending that mandatory safety standards be implemented to ban blind cords altogether.
Blind coverings concerns in Canada
There have been similar concerns north of the border.
According to Health Canada, there were 69 reports related to strangulation posed by window coverings between 1986 and 2016 — at least 35 were fatal. That's a rate slightly higher than one death each year.
WATCH: What to look for when buying blinds
Currently, regulations for corded window coverings require manufacturers to attach stop mechanisms meant to prevent the accidental strangulation of children.
In the summer of 2017, Health Canada announced it would consider more strict regulations on blinds. In a press release, the agency explained that it wants to set limits on the length of cords and the size of loops attached to blinds. It also proposed adding a warning on products, explaining that they should be thrown out if the cord becomes too long.
Health Canada estimated that if action is not taken, there would be 26 related deaths of children in the next two decades.
Recent deaths of children
Two-year-old Bryan Saba from Ireland choked to death in 2015, after he got entangled in the looped cord of the window blind. The toddler's 16-year-old sister, who was babysitting at the time, found him hanging from the cord.
READ MORE: Parents warn of window blind cords after toddler strangled
“The cords are lethal and silent killers of babies and young children which lurk in homes of parents and carers of young children,” Northern Ireland coroner Joseph McCrisken said of the child's death.
Another toddler from Staffordshire, U.K. died in a similar accident in 2016. Bronwyn Taylor was left alone for just a few moments when she became tangled in the cords, The Guardian reported.
WATCH: Childproofing your windows
Safety tips for blinds
Health Canada explained that a child tangled in cords can lose consciousness in as little as 15 seconds, and brain damage begins after just four minutes without oxygen. That's why it's so important to take safety precautions.
The government agency recommends parents opt for window coverings without cords — especially in rooms where children play or sleep.
“Any type of cord, such as cords on the side, inside or back of the window covering is a strangulation risk for children,” its website explains.
WATCH: Toddler dies being strangled by blind cords
It also suggests parents follow all manufacturer instructions, take heed of warnings, and keep an eye on any recalls.
If there are cords on window coverings, Health Canada recommends parents mount a cleat or tie-down device on the wall to keep the strings out of reach.
— With files from Global News reporter Emanuela Campanella
ADVERTISEMENT
All parents know the excitement and joy of being able to take their children on trips to see the world. For Paddy Forbes, though, his decision to take his son overseas ended in a fine.
Forbes, father of six-year-old Tommy-Lee, didn't take kindly to the decision to fine him, either. Instead, he responded to the notice in April 2017 with a bucket of coins and a barely detectable smirk on his face.
ADVERTISEMENT
It all started in February of that same year, when 49-year-old Forbes took his family, including Tommy-Lee's mother, aunt and uncle, on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation to Egypt. It was something the working-class father wouldn't normally be able to do.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Route 66 enthusiasts and car club members will be motoring on the Illinois Route 66 Blue Carpet Corridor Saturday and Sunday, June 9-10, to celebrate the famous Main Street of America on the Blue Carpet Corridor Coalition's fourth annual festival weekend.
From Auburn south to Collinsville on several historic alignments of Route 66, 14 communities will be highlighting the Miners, Mobsters, and Mother Road history of this section of Route 66 with car shows, festivals, vendors, museum and attraction open hours, historic tours, children's activities, food, photo ops, a car cruise, trolley tours, live podcasts, artists, an author fair, souvenirs, photo ops, and the Route 66 Royalty Car Cruise.
Visitors may start their tour at Auburn on the north end of the corridor or at Collinsville on the south, or in any town they choose. Communities participating this year are Auburn, Virden, Girard, Carlinville, Gillespie, Staunton, DeCamp Station, Hamel, Edwardsville, Litchfield, Mount Olive, Glen Carbon, Troy, and Collinsville.
Souvenir Blue Carpet Corridor 2018 passports will be available for free in all the participating communities, and visitors can get a one-of-a-kind stamp in each town. The complete Schedule of Passport Stops and Activities is available to view or download online.
Passport Stop open hours will run from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday. Most events and attractions will also follow that schedule, and some events, such as the Edwardsville and Staunton Route 66 festivals, will also feature evening hours with live music, food, and beverages. Many Passport Stops will offer souvenirs, vendors, local information and tours, food, and live music.
Car clubs also have the option of beginning at either end of the corridor. Car club members take photos of their cars at the passport stops to document their club's total number of Passport Stop check-ins. The club with the most check-ins takes home the Route 66 Royalty traveling trophy for the next year. Complete car cruise rules are listed at the Blue Carpet Corridor website.
For more information, visit the website, email il66bcc@gmail.com, or call (618) 307-5049.
Schedule of activities
Follow AdVantage on Facebook and Twitter
BANGKOK: Thai students with huge banners and caricature puppets on Saturday (Feb 3) delivered the latest satirical swipe at the junta's number two - known as the "Rolex General" for his collection of undeclared luxury watches.
The watch scandal has seized a kingdom growing weary of military rule and sparked a spate of creative protests that are challenging the junta's stranglehold on dissent.
On Saturday, students leading an annual pre-football match ceremony in Bangkok wheeled a series of massive parade floats around the pitch - including several poking fun at junta No. 2 Prawit Wongsuwan.
The 72-year-old general has been the target of public ire ever a since photo circulated of him in December lifting a hand to block his eyes from the sun, revealing a diamond ring and a pricey Richard Mille watch.
Since then, online sleuths have unearthed photos of the junta bigwig wearing some 25 luxury timepieces that he allegedly failed to list when declaring his assets.
One parade float on Saturday showed a puppet in the general's now iconic sun-blocking pose, with a glittering ring and watch beaming from his massive paper mache hand.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Students marching alongside were linked together by chains and held banners saying "Stop making fun of the watches," in a nod to the junta's efforts to suppress the scandal.
Another float mocked Prawit's excuse that he borrowed the timepieces from friends - an alibi now being probed by an anti-graft agency.
The football parade, held annually ahead of a match between rival universities Thammasat and Chulalongkorn, is often provocative and political.
But the show was especially anticipated this year as the watch scandal wakes up Thailand's civil society.
In recent weeks, a growing number of activists have taken to the streets to defy a junta ban on protests and call for elections.
The generals promised a swift return to democracy after seizing power in 2014 but have repeatedly delayed poll dates.
"Thais are becoming exhausted with the military regime. Prawit is a simple indicator of what these people think is wrong with the (junta): impunity and double-standards," said Thailand-based political analyst Paul Chambers.
The regime hit back by filing charges against dozens of activists this week over their protests.
But that has not stopped the flurry of internet memes and other sly expressions of dissent, including graffiti of Prawit's face framed by an alarm clock.
The street art sat untouched on a Bangkok wall for four days before being whitewashed by police, according to its creator, who goes by "Headache Stencil".
The street artist, who says he has since gone into hiding, told AFP the image represented "an alarm clock set off by nobody but the general himself, waking people up to see what junta strongmen are like."
The majority of GPs are unfamiliar with national guidelines on physical activity, a new study suggests.
Six years ago, the UK's four chief medical officers issued guidance for the British population on how much exercise they should be participating in each week.
But a new poll of 1,000 GPs across England has found that 80% are unfamiliar with the guidelines.
As a result, GPs lack confidence to discuss inactivity and exercise with patients who could benefit from it, the authors said.
The guidelines, issued in 2011, include age-specific guidance on how much physical activity people should be conducting each week.
They state that adults should be taking part in at least two and a half hours (150 minutes) of moderate intensity activity every week.
Pre-school children should be physically active for at least three hours a day and school-age children should be active for at least an hour each day, according to the guidelines - which also suggest that people should minimise the amount of time spent being sedentary for extended periods.
The new study, published in the British Journal Of General Practice, asked family doctors about their knowledge of the guidelines.
Around one in two females and a third of males in England are not achieving the targets of these guidelines, and are damaging their health as a result, the authors said.
But one in four people say they would be more active if advised by a GP or nurse, they added.
The researchers found that only 20% of GPs were broadly or very familiar with the national physical activity guidelines, 30% had not heard of them and half said they had heard of them but were broadly unfamiliar or very unfamiliar with their content.
Meanwhile, 16% said they were somewhat or very unconfident in raising the issue of physical activity with a patient.
GPs are recommended to use a brief questionnaire, which takes less than a minute to complete, to identify patients who are not meeting the targets and may benefit from intervention.
But the poll found that only 40% said they used the tool in clinical practice.
The authors, who call for a better emphasis on physical activity to be in medical education, wrote: "Advice from a healthcare practitioner has been effective at getting individuals active, but many GPs do not discuss physical activity (PA) with their patients.
"This study found the majority of GPs (80%) are unfamiliar with the national PA guidelines.
"Use of tools to assess patient PA... are within clinical guidelines and, though the majority of GPs are aware of them (70%), most do not understand or use them in practice, and are unconfident in raising the subject with patients."
Rachel Clark, health promotion manager at World Cancer Research Fund, said: "Given that being overweight or obese increases the risk of 11 common cancers, it is vital that GPs understand the physical activity guidelines and how best to communicate them to their patients.
"As GPs are often a patient's first point of contact, they should be taught the most effective ways to raise the subject with their patients and encourage them to be more active in their daily lives. This is essential if we are to see obesity rates improve."
Professor Helen Stokes-Lampard, chairwoman of the Royal College of GPs, said: " GPs will always consider a patient's lifestyle - along with other physical, psychological and social factors that might be affecting their health - when making a diagnosis and developing a treatment plan, and this often will include conversations about their weight and lifestyle choices.
"It's really important that GPs and our teams are aware of up to date clinical guidelines around physical activity - and the tools available to us to best implement them in the best interests of our patients - so it is clear from this research that more needs to be done by Public Health England and others to ensure these resources are readily available to GPs.
"What is also clear is that when GPs are aware of these tools - as the majority are - use of them is being stifled because of a lack of time and resources to do so effectively, particularly within the constraints of the standard 10-minute consultation, which is increasingly unfit for purpose, especially for patients with complex health needs."
Dr Justin Varney, national lead for adult health and wellbeing at Public Health England, and co-author of the study, said: "Primary care professionals, including GPs, are well placed to advise patients on how physical activity can prevent, manage and treat serious issues like respiratory disease and depression.
"Our Moving Healthcare Professionals Programme has already trained over 8,000 doctors and nurses through a group of GP clinical champions to ensure physical activity promotion is embedded into routine clinical practice."
If it's the little things that make the difference, Conserva chef and owner Matthew Baldridge is making sure to cover those small bases that make diners and drinkers want to return.
Purse hooks are installed underneath the bar. Servers leave the menus on the table so you can remind yourself what you asked for and what the many components of each dish are — this is important in a small-plates place where you're ordering many items. The music playlist is inventive and eclectic; our happy server says, "This is the first place I've worked where I don't have to try to consciously not hear the music."
And the small space, designed by artist Janna Coumoundouros, is sparsely but thoughtfully decorated: a collage of portraits of eyes, a colorful rooster. It does not have the hodgepodge-of -branded-nostalgia-items-hanging-from-ceiling look that set the standard for cool around here for a while.
All this is in addition to attentive and professional service, and some dishes that strain the limits of creative deliciousness.
Conserva opened in mid-December, and as of early January, the drinks list was short — four cocktails, six wines, and eight beers. That is scheduled to change as partner Jarrod Kassis implements his "aggressive and weird program," defined as "no one in town has it yet, or if they do, it's someone I trust." He's interested in skin-contact wines from the Georgian Republic, for example (that's grape skins, not human skins). He's proud of a Swedish-inspired Collins with dill and caraway, and I liked a summery Octo-Daq: Daq for Daiquiri and Octo because octopi are the unofficial mascot of the place; look for the tentacles on the door. It blends a violet liqueur with rum, sugar, and lime for a pleasant sweetish concoction. Other early possibles, to give you a sense, were a raspberry-balsamic gin and tonic and "Irish Handcuffs" with whiskey and Pimms.
This is the third restaurant I've seen in a couple of weeks to put cava, the Spanish sparkling wine, on the menu; let's hope that's a trend. Beers are described in detail ("initial candied apple flavors," "erupts with monumental passionfruit aroma," "a sublimely succulent finish") and range from a $3 Lake Brothers Lager from Corktown, to a cranberry-blood orange radler (part beer, part fruit soda) from Kansas City, to a "stoutish porter" from Greenbush Brewing in Sawyer, near the Indiana border.
To eat with these delights is an odd assortment of snacks. Popcorn with duck fat and rosemary is ample and cheap at $2. I couldn't see any reason, though, for tuna served in its can, even a fancy Spanish brand of individually line-caught fish. Spanish sardines are presented this way too.
Best to go straight to the longer "food" list — which will change frequently. Plates are brought out one at a time, at a nice pace. All are on the large side for small plates, and Baldridge seems to specialize in rich flavors (don't be thinking light and salad-y), including some of my favorite things, all of which are accessible to any chef but which are not super common. The recurring theme was some fairly outrageous richness in the main event with just a hint of contrast from an acidic element.
By far the most outrageous item we tried was a marrow special: roasted six-inch bones (think Flintstones) with wild royal trumpet mushrooms for a tapenade heaped on top. If your only association with bone marrow is transplants, revise your thinking here.
Duck thighs, two of 'em, had luscious crisp skin (the whole point of duck), with more lusciousness supplied by heaps of cream in the the sauce. Pickled grapes provided the tart contrast. A dish of cute ear-type pasta with oxtails went a similar route, bits of meat with cashews and coconut, then piquant currants for balance; it could have used more of the tails.
Two big avocado halves — more creamy richness — were roasted and topped with an egg yolk, then lightened up a bit with gremolata, which contains lemon peel. Breadcrumbs added texture. Goat cheese was served warm in a glass jar, topped with cranberries.
I liked an octopus with big, thick tentacles, rubbed with zatar, the Middle Eastern spice mixture. Likewise a good-sized bowl of Brussels sprouts, cooked with what sounds an unlikely combo: raisins, almonds, olives, and coconut milk, sweet, nutty, and salty against the bitterness of the sprouts.
Desserts will also change with the chef's whims. We got a warm coconut gelatin with bits of pineapple and crumbled lemon cookie, worth saving room for. One plan is to automatically pair a sweet with a corresponding dessert wine, though diners will have the choice to separate the two.
"I'm just gonna cook and stay away from normalcy," Baldridge says.
The adjustment laws package concerning the amendments to the Constitution that contains changes to be applied prior to the June 24 presidential and parliamentary elections was accepted in a parliamentary session Monday.
The 10-article adjustment laws package was expected to be approved in Parliament as Daily Sabah went to print yesterday. The Parliamentary Election Law, the Political Parties Law and the Presidential Election Law were regulated along with others.
Earlier this week, the Constitutional Commission convened under the chairmanship of Justice and Development Party (AK Party) Deputy Mustafa Şentop to discuss the 10-article adjustment laws motion.
The approved bill will make changes in the related laws, such as election laws and political party laws. Along with regulations concerning elections and the duties of the president, the title of president will also change.
A person cannot be nominated as both a presidential and parliamentary candidate because the executive authority will belong to the president and the legislative authority will belong to Parliament, depending on the adoption of the principle of separation in the new presidential governing system.
If a candidate is elected as president, he or she will lose their seat in Parliament. In the presidential election, political parties that do not have a group in Parliament will be able to nominate a candidate with the signatures of at least 100,000 voters or at least 5 percent of the total number of eligible voters in the most recent parliamentary election.
In the new system, the president will have executive power and the title of "head of state," representing Turkey, the unity of the Turkish people and assuring the implementation of the Constitution and the harmonious execution of state bodies. The president is given the right to issue a presidential decree. The establishment and shutting down of the ministries, their duties and authority as well as organizational structure will be subject to presidential decree. Vice presidents and ministers can be appointed and removed by the president.
Following the regulations, political parties will also be able to compete in the elections with a joint candidate and establish an alliance with another party. All political parties planning to form alliances will have to, however, notify the Supreme Election Board (YSK) at least seven days in advance after the electoral schedule starts. It reportedly takes the YSK 60 days to fully prepare for elections. So far, only the AK Party and the MHP have announced an alliance, which has been named the "People's Alliance."
In the event that no presidential candidate collects an absolute majority of votes on June 24, a second round of elections will be held on the second-following Sunday, July 8. The top two candidates will enter the second round of the election.
If one of the candidates entitled to participate in the second round does not participate in the election, the second ballot will be made by substituting the vacant nomination according to the first ballot order. The substitution must be made by 5 p.m. on the day following the announcement of the provisional results.
The new changes also require a package of reforms and adjustment laws to be implemented. Some of these changes must pass through Parliament ahead of the snap elections. For example, the removal of the prime minister's role and the establishment of the presidential post in line with the new system will need to be executed ahead of June 24. However, the remaining adjustment laws needed to institutionalize the changes for the new system will also need to pass in Parliament after the elections.
Additionally, the number of deputies will increase from 550 to 600 and parliamentary elections will be held on the same day as the presidential election every five years instead of every four. The eligible candidacy age for the deputies will be reduced from 25 to 18.
The bill will also change the method of voting for Turkish nationals living abroad. Previously, Turkish nationals living abroad were only able to cast their votes by appointment. Instead of appointments, voters living abroad are now allowed to vote on any day predetermined by the YSK. Citizens abroad can vote up to three days before election day in Turkey. There are also regulations relating to the presidential post. If the presidential post is vacated for any reason and the general election was to be held in one year or less, a presidential election will be held on the first Sunday 60 days after the post was vacated alongside general elections for Parliament.
LONDON: Britain's Circassia Pharmaceuticals is throwing in the towel on allergy investment after a second high-profile clinical trial flop, focusing instead on building a broader respiratory business.
The failure of the company's immunotherapy to perform better than placebo in fighting dust mite allergy in a Phase IIb test follows similar negative results in a Phase III trial against cat allergy last year.
The company's stock lost two-third's of its value in a single session on the June 2016 cat results, which many investors feared undermined the allergy thesis, and the reaction on Tuesday was more muted, with shares losing around 3 percent.
In both cases, the company said, the immunotherapy failed because of a marked placebo effect among patients not on therapy.
The top shareholders in Circassia, which listed on the London stock market in March 2014 in Britain's largest biotech flotation for decades, are Invesco and Neil Woodford's investment management company, both big backers of UK science.
Woodford suffered another setback earlier this month when Allied Minds, which commercializes ideas from universities, announced a large writedown.
Circassia Chief Executive Steve Harris said he was "naturally disappointed" by the dust mite study failure.
"We remain convinced that the technology has biologic activity, but we also believe the difficulty in overcoming the placebo effect using the field study designs required by regulators represents a significant hurdle, and consequently we will make no further investment in our allergy portfolio," he said.
Instead, Circassia will concentrate on its wider respiratory business, in particular a new U.S. commercial collaboration with AstraZeneca. Circassia last month secured U.S. rights from AstraZeneca for two drugs to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for up to US$230 million.
(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Mark Potter)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cenveo Inc:
* CENVEO, INC. ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT WITH FIRST LIEN NOTEHOLDERS TO RECAPITALIZE BALANCE SHEET
* CENVEO - ‍ANNOUNCED THAT IT HAS REACHED AN AGREEMENT WITH HOLDERS OF A MAJORITY OF ITS FIRST LIEN DEBT TO SUPPORT A CHAPTER 11 PLAN OF REORGANIZATION​
* SAYS ‍CENVEO AND ITS DOMESTIC UNITS HAVE FILED VOLUNTARY PETITIONS FOR REORGANIZATION UNDER CHAPTER 11 OF U.S. BANKRUPTCY
* SAYS ‍CHAPTER 11 FILING DOES NOT INCLUDE FOREIGN ENTITIES, SUCH AS THOSE LOCATED IN INDIA​
* ALSO NEGOTIATED AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN OF ITS EXISTING LENDERS TO PROVIDE CENVEO UP TO $290 MILLION OF DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION FINANCING​
* SAYS ‍HAS ENTERED INTO A RESTRUCTURING SUPPORT AGREEMENT (RSA) WITH NOTEHOLDERS REPRESENTING MORE THAN 50% OF ITS FIRST LIEN DEBT​
* SAYS ‍IN TOTAL, DEBTOR-IN-POSSESSION FINANCING WILL ALLOW CENVEO TO ACCESS UP TO $100 MILLION IN INCREMENTAL LIQUIDITY DURING CHAPTER 11 CASE​
* SAYS AGREEMENT WITH FIRST LIEN NOTEHOLDERS TO RECAPITALIZE BALANCE SHEET TRANSACTION WILL SIGNIFICANTLY LOWER DEBT BY ABOUT $700 MILLION​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Rossi and Urena then hooked up for the equalizer with six minutes to play. With Urena about to break toward the penalty area, Rossi threaded a left-footed pass through defense to his roommate, who beat Toronto's Chris Mavinga to the ball. And though Bono made a sprawling save on his first shot, the ball ricocheted behind the keeper, allowing Urena to run under it and nod it into the goal.
Skin redness or ruddy skin is a common problem for many women in hot weather. The flushed skin is mainly a symptom of inflammation while lack of sleep and stress (mental as well as environmental) could also contribute towards skin redness. Although, we must ensure adequate sleep during night and manage stress to deal with skin woes, it's diet that plays a larger role as your skin is hugely a description of what you eat and how it impacts your internal system.Inflammatory foods, dehydration and food allergies can pave the way to redness and rashes; and as summer is here, much before the time this year, you must start caring for your skin to keep redness at bay and flaunt a calmer complexion. Let's take a look how:1. Nuts and seeds are packed with healthy fats, selenium and several other minerals that have anti-inflammatory properties. Include pumpkin seeds, chia seeds, brazil nuts, almonds, walnuts, etc in your diet.2. Cucumbers, squashes, zucchini, bottle gourd, and other alkaline veggies have cooling effects and these are loaded with fiber, fluid and nutrients. Aim at consuming a bowl or two of alkaline veggies each day.3. Fruits like pineapple, kiwi, papaya, etc are rich in enzymes and antioxidants that help reduce skin-redness. Similarly, vegetables like beetroots & dark leafy greens, legumes, lemons, etc are packed with nutrients that make a strong immune system; while ginger, garlic, onions and turmeric have anti-inflammatory properties. Try different veggies and fruits to keep your diet balanced.4. Whole grains like oats, quinoa, millet, brown rice contain essential amino acids that aid healthy connective tissues thereby reducing broken capillaries that appear ruddy on your skin.5. Lastly, a ruddy skin can be well related to chronic liver inflammation. Besides sticking to plant based diet, you must avoid alcohol and excess coffee. Instead, gorge on herbal teas, beetroot juice, organic vegetable juices, and H2O to keep yourself hydrated and detoxify your liver. Also banish, refined sugar & flour as they impact pancreas and lead to inflammation.
Theodore K. “Ted” Zaspel, 83, Burlington, died April 14, 2017, at Aurora Memorial Hospital of Burlington. He was born in Burlington March 19, 1934, to the late Theodore O. and Caroline (Bucholtz) Zaspel.
Ted graduated from Burlington High School and Racine Vocational School-carpentry.
He served in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1953-1957. On June 27, 1959, he married Alice D. Jackley at St. Mary's Burlington. He was a union carpenter for 35 years, retiring from Bane & Nelson Co. in 1997. Above all, Ted enjoyed his sons, daughters, grandchildren and great-grandchildren throughout the years.
Survivors include his loving wife of 58 years; sons, Jeffrey (Lynn) Zaspel, Fort Atkinson, Todd Zaspel, Wausau; daughters, Patti (Paul) Czarny, Burlington, and Nancy (Brad) Moxley, Milton; 11 grandchildren; six great-grandchildren; sisters, Marge Hoffman, Burlington, Betty Jo Owens, Nebraska; brother-in-law, Burr Rote; other relatives and friends.
He was further preceded in death by his sister, Bonnie Rote, and brothers-in-law, Ken Owens and Jim Hoffman.
According to Ted's wishes, a private funeral service was held with an inurnment at Southern Wisconsin Veterans Memorial Cemetery, Union Grove. Schuette-Daniels Funeral Home & Crematory, Burlington, served the family.
Memorials in honor of Ted may be made to The American Cancer Society or The Stars and Stripes Honor Flight Program, P.O. Box 636, Port Washington, WI 53074.
The family would like to express a special thank you to the doctors, nurses and staff of Aurora Memorial Hospital and Southern Lakes Aurora for all their care and compassion.
Well-wishers can visit www.danielsfamilyfuneral.com.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
comments
Crystal Lowe doesn't enjoy playing the villain.
But when she landed a roll in the movie Wonder she knew it was a movie she wanted to be a part of, even if she had to play the person that nobody liked.
The Maple Ridge native plays the part of Julian's mother who is the main bully in the movie.
Wonder is based on the New York Times bestselling novel of the same title and it tells the story of a boy named August Pullman who has facial differences and goes to school for the first time in Grade 5.
The movie stars Julia Roberts, Owen Wilson and Jacob Tremblay.
“The great thing about Wonder is you really get to see (bullying) from everybody's perspective. And I think that's what we are lacking you know in the world today,” said Lowe from her home in California.
“I think that's the beauty of what Wonder brings. It brings perspective and empathy and trying to understand (bullying) from other people's point of view and why they come from those places and what makes them behave the way they do,” she said.
Lowe moved to Los Angeles only a month ago, even though, she said, the move actually makes it more difficult for her working in the industry than if she stayed put in Vancouver.
“This is where a lot of the big productions get made and because I am venturing into producing and directing, I just have to be here for a little while. Make the rounds here,” said the actress.
Lowe started out as a child actor when she was about 4-years-old but her mother pulled her out of it because she felt it was too competitive between the parents. She told her daughter that as soon as she could drive herself to auditions then she would have her permission to enter the industry again. So, as soon as Lowe turned 16 she told her mom she was going back. She contacted Tyler Labine, another actor from Maple Ridge, and his mother hooked her up with an agent and became her temporary stage mom and manager.
Now the actress has 78 films under her belt and counting.
Currently she is working on another series called Signed, Sealed, Delivered, for the Hallmark Channel.
“It's with the creator of Touched By An Angel and it's been going on for four years,” Lowe explained.
“I just want to be a part of things that are uplifting and our show is very uplifting. We need it,” she said.
Lowe believes the world needs more movies like Wonder.
“The world is a strange, crazy place right now and I think we desperately need films like this. While I don't think all hope is lost for adults, I really really want to invest in the children,” said Lowe.
“They are going to come with an open heart. And, the majority of them, if we can speak to them now before the world kind of gets to be that scary and teach them how to have an open heart, then that can change a whole generation,” Lowe noted.
Lowe likes the fact that the character that she plays is not the most likeable character in the movie.
“You understand Julian a little more when you meet his parents,” she said, adding that Julian's mom doesn't necessarily think she is a villain, she is just protecting her own son.
“No mother thinks that they're a villain. They think that they are protecting their son at all costs and I think that's the issue we need to address,” said Lowe.
“We only see other people as bad guys or good guys or bullies or not bullies. We have no idea where they are coming from and why,” she continued.
If we want bullying to stop, says Lowe, we have to spend time with our children. And, she added, if we want the dialogue to remain open then movies like Wonder are the ones we must take our children to, and have a discussion afterward.
“I remember being a kid. I hated telling my parents stuff. But if it was in casual conversation because it was in a movie and we were talking about the movie and not necessarily my personal experience, I would have talked to my parents more because I wouldn't think it would feel like so much pressure,” she said.
Having a conversation about what is right and what is wrong is the beauty of Wonder.
“This movie offers that to parents and kids which is amazing.”
Wonder is currently showing at Cineplex Odeon Meadowtown Cinemas, 19800 Lougheed Hwy, Pitt Meadows, in the Meadowtown Shopping Centre.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
BRUSSELS: Roaming charges for using mobile phones when travelling within the European Union disappear on Thursday, capping a decade-long battle by Brussels to show increasingly sceptical Europeans it can make their lives better.
Yet for all the excitement it is generating within European Union institutions, opt-outs secured by major telecoms firms and member states' refusal to give up their lucrative national airwaves may leave many holidaymakers disappointed this summer - and facing higher bills at home.
Ending the practice of adding hefty charges to surf the internet, call or send texts when abroad within the EU has been a cause celebre for the European Commission and Parliament which saw it as an affront to common market ideals.
"The European Union is about bringing people together and making their lives easier. The end of roaming charges is a true European success story," the institutions said on Wednesday.
The Commission draped a victory banner down its Berlaymont headquarters reading "Goodbye roaming fees".
Advertisement
Advertisement
The change in legislation finally passed several months ago was certainly welcomed by some visitors to Brussels.
"I think it's excellent," said Charlie Wild, a musician from Scotland. "I've been in Europe for two weeks spending three pounds (US$3.80) a day to be able to use my phone, and tomorrow I don't have to, and it's great."
Julie DuBlanc, visiting from France for work, said, "We'll be checking our phones more often, as we would in Paris."
But she may need to be careful. The project has faced numerous setbacks as mobile phone operators have lobbied to maintain what has been a significant source of revenue while the realities of a fragmented telecoms market have confounded politicians' efforts to do away with the charges.
The snag was that while customers can no longer by law be asked to pay extra when using phones abroad, operators still face wholesale fees from the foreign networks that connect them.
A solution which involves capping wholesale charges has proved fiendishly complex since it means setting a cap that suits companies in all 28 member states, even though domestic mobile rates vary hugely.
NORTH VS SOUTH
In northern Europe countries, which are effectively net exporters of tourists, there is concern that high wholesale fees being paid to networks in southern holiday destinations, combined with the loss of roaming revenue, could force firms to stop letting customers use their phones abroad at all.
Alternatively, the companies in the north could raise charges at home to offset the losses, effectively forcing poorer, stay-at-home customers to subsidise travellers.
In the tourist-magnet south, governments argued that low wholesale charges would hurt their local phone operators which play host to visitors, and force them to jack up rates for customers at home as well.
The compromise struck pleased the larger operators but smaller firms said the wholesale roaming caps were still too high, and the effects are beginning to ripple out.
"The regulated wholesale cost still remains relatively high comparative to usage," said Phillip Malloch, vice-president and head of group public affairs at Swedish operator Telia.
As a result, Telia will stop offering roaming as part of its Swedish data-only mobile broadband price plans, Malloch said.
Operators in Scandinavia and the Baltics, including Telia in Estonia and Lithuania, have also applied for exemptions from the obligation to stop levying roaming charge - something EU rules allow if the companies face at least a 3 percent revenue hit.
Some in the business were not impressed by the loopholes.
"It's a real shame and disappointment that the incumbent operators, who fought against lower roaming charges so hard, are now abusing the system to over-charge their customers," said an executive at a virtual network operator, or a company that offers network services using the networks of other providers.
Credit Suisse analysts estimated in April that the introduction of roam-like-at-home was leading to increases in base tariffs to offset the lost revenue, which is expected to be between 2 percent and 5 percent across Europe.
However, Malloch at Telia said it was too early to say who would be the winners and losers, as the end of roaming was likely to lead to higher data consumption as people lounging on the beach stop holding back from sharing their holiday snaps.
"It definitely carries some opportunity also," Malloch said.
(Additional reporting by Jack Schofield; editing by Alastair Macdonald and David Clarke)
By Sandra Thompson, Esq.
(President, NAACP York County, Pa. Branch)
On Saturday, April 21, 2018, I woke up excited, anticipating a round of golf at Grandview Golf Club in York, Pa. I was going to play with four ladies from “Sisters in the Fairway” (SITF), a group of about 15 professional, predominantly African American women in York County, Pa., who golf.
SITF are women of various levels of expertise from beginner to advanced golfers. The group was formed in 2008 as a sisterhood of ladies who golfed with their husbands, many of whom were members of the York County Black Golfers Association.
We appreciate the challenge that golf presents and the control that golf requires. Golf lessons are required. We know and respect golf etiquette and rules.
As a single mother, I prioritized raising two children, building my business and working in the community. In 2010, when my youngest child left for college, she suggested I “get some friends.” So, as an empty-nester, I took her suggestion. I was introduced to the ladies of SITF.
I began playing around 2011-2012 and found that I loved the game. SITF normally travels to different courses throughout Central Pennsylvania in each outing. Some also play in other states and in other countries, when they travel. As individuals, we occasionally played at Grandview, which was now under new ownership.
On this day, there was a slight wind and I took selfies on my way to the golf course. All five of us appeared at our scheduled tee times. I was given permission to play as a fifth member.
We were the only group of African American women playing. It began great, even though Grandview had an hour delay. We did not complain. We were elated to see each other since we had not all been together since the past season. We took selfies, as we anticipated enjoying each other's company, the day, and golf.
We hit great drives “hitting them high and letting them fly.” We played “ready golf.” We were excited.
Our excitement did not last. On just the second hole, former York County Commissioner Steve Chronister was pushy and aggressive, falsely accusing us of slowing down the other players. He said he was refunding our membership, so we would leave. We reminded him that we paid and wanted to play.
Our group was in shock. Despite the distractions, we made up time and finished the first half in about two hours as required.
But the stress was too much. Our game was affected. We were upset—wondering whether Chronister was going to approach us again and dismayed that he wanted to refund our memberships, as though we and our money were worthless—so three women in our group left halfway through the game.
When we, the remaining two, tried to continue playing to salvage the day, five large White men, including Steve and his son, Jordan Chronister, approached us and told us to get off their property. I became tongue-tied trying to ask why they were kicking us off the property when we had a paid membership and also paid for the day. They gave us multiple reasons, each one proving to be false.
Because we questioned why we could not enjoy our membership and play golf, the police were called. I was bewildered. We had done nothing wrong. I was also embarrassed and humiliated having been made into a spectacle as White men exited the golf restaurant area and watched the events unfold.
We waited for the police. I was fearful and apprehensive as to what would occur when police arrived.
What would be the officer's attitude?
But I did not want to leave and have charges filed against me in the mail, because Grandview gave a false statement that I had no opportunity to answer.
When police arrived, they heard my name and recognized me. The police were professional and went back and forth between Grandview Golf Club and us, advising us that Grandview wanted to refund the memberships of the entire group, even those who left early.
The officers interviewed the group behind us and concluded that we were not playing slowly and maintained pace, even with five people. The group told the police we did not hold them up and were pleasant to them. It was obvious that the police were called, because of Grandview's owners reaction to the US, and not because the group behind us had complained.
A few days after the incident, I was still anxious, because I did not know if they were going to file charges. I knew charges could be sent in the mail. It was not until the police chief issued a statement that no charges were warranted could I sigh in relief. Nevertheless, I developed headaches for a few days.
I have been an attorney in Pennsylvania for over 18 years. I ran for judge in York County, Pa. in 2009 and 2017. I am the President of the York County, Pa., NAACP branch, Pennsylvania NAACP Legal Redress chair and former first vice president. I am also the vice chair of the York County Democratic Party. I advocate for criminal justice reform, voting rights, equal access to fair wages, employment, and quality housing and education.
But, who cares about my titles?
Everyone who pays their fee should be allowed to play golf, if they desire, without interruption, without false accusations, without intimidation, and without the threat of police, especially when they have committed no crime or disruption.
I kept wondering whether the police were professional, because they knew me and what would have occurred had they not known me. While we waited, I texted the other three ladies who had left. I let them know that the police were called, and they became so upset they wanted to return for fear of what could happen. With the long history of how police interact with African Americans, businesses know, or should know, that when they call the police they are inviting them to arrest the person, which could also lead to injury or death.
This situation was not as bad as the recent arrest of two Black men at a Starbucks in Philadelphia, because we were not arrested nor was it as bad as the incident involving a 25-year-old Black woman at a Waffle House in Saraland, Ala., because police did not assault us. However, it is similar to them in that businesses are using the police as their personal complaint department and as enforcers without repercussion or accountability. Police must turn away once they learn that the matter is not criminal, but civil. Law enforcement policies and practices must change. Police must enforce laws against these businesses and their owners who file false complaints. Legislators must act to hold businesses accountable. Patrons and the community must stand up in the midst of these situations, instead of being passive observers or actively trying to concoct legitimate reasons for the mistreatment of Black patrons, when they are nonexistent. See something, say something. I commend the men who publicly spoke out for us. I am thankful for the public outcry of support.
We, as African Americans, just want to live.
Some wanted a place to meet, others wanted utensils for their meal, others wanted to exercise, and we simply wanted to golf. We demand the freedom to frequent businesses, to use services, to ask questions, and, yes, to even complain without the fear of being arrested, beaten or shot. The irrational fears of some White people should not be our problem and should not interfere with our quality of life. We will not stand idle or remain silent while our freedoms and lives are devalued and threatened. Despite the attempted movement to take us back to a time of second-class citizenry, we will not return. We will maintain the shout, “Forward Ever, Backward Never!” for ourselves and our brethren of other races, colors, nationalities, religion and of other protected classes. Only together will we make positive change.
This article was originally published at TheCrisisMagazine.com.
Sandra Thompson, Esq., is the president of the York County, Pa. branch of the NAACP.
Keith Urban celebrated New Year's Eve with a free performance in Nashville on Dec. 31.
Before the guitar dropped (yes, Nashville drops a guitar—eat your heart out NYC), Keith performed a medley of hits in tribute to artists who died in 2016, including George Michael's “I'm Never Gonna Dance Again,” Leonard Cohen's “Hallelujah,” Glenn Frey of the Eagles' “Take It Easy,” David Bowie's “Heroes,” Merle Haggard's “Mamma Tried” and Prince's “Purple Rain.”
Check out the performance below, which includes a dancing cameo by Keith's wife, Nicole Kidman.
Troubled retired swimming star Grant Hackett of Australia was arrested at his family's home today, February 15th after an apparent drunken rage. “It's what I'd call a bit of a breakdown,” is how the 3-time Olympian's father described Hackett's behavior of ‘ranting and raving' at his Southport home before calling the police. “Grant's got a medical problem and it manifested itself here this morning,” his father, Neville, stated to The Gold Coast Bulletin.
Ultimately released without charge, the situation is just the latest in a series of bizarre situations involving Hackett, alcohol and what his family says is ‘now a chronic problem'. Last Spring, after not making his nation's Olympic team last year after coming out of retirement, Hackett was involved in an alleged altercation on a flight. The victim accursed Hackett of having reportedly forcefully grabbed his nipple, “tweaking” it. Although the alleged victim said he felt “unsafe and violated” by Hackett and the swimmer was questioned by the Australian Federal Police immediately following the flight's arrival, the victim decided not to press charges.
Hackett's brother, Craig, told Australian reporters today, that, “From a mental health perspective, I hope something can be done. This is not Grant Hackett, this is a completely different person. I don't know this person, my mum and dad don't know this person. He's there in body, but he is not there in mind, in soul or spirit.”
Hackett is considered an Australian swimming legend, having won gold medals in the men's 1500m freestyle event at both the Sydney and Athens Olympics, while claiming silver in Beijing. He retired after that 2008 appearance, but made a valiant comeback last year, which resulted in his narrowly missing out on a 4x200m freestyle relay berth.
Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday, prompting celebrations from film fans, directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East.
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia lifted a 35-year-old ban on cinemas on Monday, prompting celebrations from film fans, directors and movie chains eyeing the last untapped mass market in the Middle East.
The first theatres could start showing films as early as March, the government said, part of a liberalising reform drive that has already opened the door to concerts, comedy shows, and women drivers over the past year.
Cinemas were banned in the early 1980s under pressure from Islamists as Saudi society turned towards a particularly conservative form of the religion that discouraged public entertainment and public mixing between men and women.
But reforms led by 32-year-old Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman have eased many of those restrictions, as the government tries to broaden the economy and lessen its dependence on oil.
"Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification," said Minister of Culture and Information Awwad bin Saleh Alawwad.
"By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the Kingdom's entertainment options."
Advertisement
Advertisement
In a nod to conservatives, the government said the films would be censored to make sure they remain "in line with values and principles in place and do not contradict with Sharia Laws and moral values in the kingdom."
The details of that censorship were not announced, but could be extensive in a country where images of women are often crossed out on advertising.
There was no immediate reaction from the kingdom's Wahhabi clergy and conservative groups, who have responded to past suggestions about bringing back cinema with outraged social media campaigns.
Public objections to the reforms have been more muted in recent months, after authorities launched a spate of arrests clamping down on critics of the programme.
"CINEMA IS JOY"
Up to now, the kingdom's film pioneers have had to focus on foreign markets to get their works shown.
"Saudi Arabia is always in the news, but it's nice to be in the news in this way," said Los Angeles-based Saudi director Haifaa Al Manour, who released the first full-length feature shot entirely in the kingdom, Wadjda, in 2012.
"I feel like we're about to relive what Egypt was like in the '50s," she said, referring to the explosion of film-making in what is now the epicentre of Arabic popular cinema.
Prince Mohammed has also sought to promote a more tolerant form of Islam and crack down on extremism, a cause Mansour said would be furthered by films.
"If you want to fight terrorism, you need to give people a love of life. A love of life comes from joy, and cinema is joy."
Thousands of Saudis currently travel to Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and other countries for their entertainment. The government has said it wants to retain the money spent on those trips.
Regional cinema chains have also been eyeing the Saudi market, keen to tap the spending power of the young people who make up roughly 70 percent of the kingdom's population.
Dubai-based mall operator Majid Al Futtaim, which owns the VOX Cinemas chain, said it wanted to open the first movie theatre there.
"We are very happy about this announcement, as you can imagine, we have been waiting for it for quite some time,” said chief executive Alain Bejjani.
The government said it expected to open more than 300 cinemas with more than 2,000 screens by 2030, building an industry that would contribute more than 90 billion riyals (US$24 billion) to the economy and create 30,000 permanent jobs over the same period.
A commission chaired by Alawwad will announce details of licensing and regulations over the next few weeks, it added.
Locations for the first cinemas are still under study, but would likely be in top population centres, Fahad al-Muammar, the supervisor of cinema in the kingdom's General Commission for Audiovisual Media, told state TV al-Ekhbariya.
(US$1 = 3.7502 riyals)
(Reporting by Sami Aboudi, Andrew Torchia, Alexander Cornwell and Reem Shamseddine; Editing by Hugh Lawson and Andrew Heavens)
PanARMENIAN.Net - Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan wants showdown talks with Jose Mourinho over his Manchester United future, the Daily Star says.
Mkhitaryan has been bombed out of the United side recently.
The Armenian hasn't started a game since the 1-0 defeat at Chelsea in early November with his only appearance since being a substitute appearance against Brighton late last month.
And Starsport understand he wants talks with Mourinho.
The player and his advisors want to sit down with the Man Utd boss and ascertain if he's got a future at Old Trafford.
Mkhitaryan was signed from Borussia Dortmund last year in a £30m deal.
He made a slow start to life in Manchester but was in top form in the club's Europa League triumph.
BT Sport pundit Steven Gerrard thinks Mkhitaryan's time at the club is up.
The ex-Liverpool star said earlier this week: “At the moment it doesn't look like there's a way back [for Mkhitaryan].
Police on Tuesday arrested two men for allegedly harassing a woman model on Sunday when she was driving her scooter on a busy road in Indore in Madhya Pradesh, an official said.In a series of tweets, the woman had alleged that two persons had tried to pull her skirt and asked her to show "what lies underneath"?"The accused duo are identified as Lucky and Bunty, aged between 20 years and 25 years. They are booked under sections 354 (Assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 509 ( Word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the IPC," Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of police Harinarayanchari Mishra told reporters.He said the accused duo work in a ready-made garment shop in Pardeshipura area of the city. "They didn't have any criminal background," the DIG said.Mishra said the police arrested the duo on the basis of the statement of the woman who had alleged harassment."However, police are yet to find any witnesses to the purported incident," he said, adding they are probing the case from all the angles.The officer said though the accused have admitted that their motorcycle had collided with the scooter of the woman, but they have denied trying to pull her skirt, as claimed by the woman."Police arrested the accused on the basis of the footage of a CCTV camera. However, police have not yet come across the footage showing that the two tried to pull the skirt of the woman," the DIG said.He said the police were informed about the purported incident 24 hours after the model claimed it had taken place.In a series of tweets on Monday, the woman stated that two persons had allegedly tried to pull her skirt when she was driving her scooter on a busy road in Indore on Sunday."Two guys tried to pull my skirt while I was on my Activa and said, 'dikhao iske niche kya hai?' (show us, what is underneath). I tried to stop them and lost control and met with an accident"."It happened on one of the busiest roads of indore, and nobody tried to stop them. They ran away, and I couldn't even see their number. I've never felt so helpless. I'm not the kind of girl who will just sit and watch. Those fiends ran away, and I couldn't do anything," she had said in another tweet.The woman had also posted pictures of the "injury" she claimed to have suffered in the "accident", along with the tweets.She had urged the media through the twitter to keep her name secret.The woman today told reporters that the attitude of some people in the society towards the women's way of dressing is responsible for growing incidents of eve-teasing."..The real reason behind this incident was the filthy thinking of some people in the society about the girls wearing short dresses," she said, adding that the society needs to change its "thinking about the girls' dresses".Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had yesterday termed the incident "shameful" and ordered the state Director General of Police (DGP) and Indore district collector to take necessary action.Police had registered a case against unidentified persons yesterday and set up a five-member special team, headed by a city superintendent of police (CSP), to investigate the matter.
An extremely rare white moose in Varmland County, in west-central Sweden was spotted taking a dip in on Aug. 11.
READ MORE: Lightning strike kills more than 300 reindeer in Norway
The footage has been circulating online after viewers became enraptured with the animal's beauty.
It's so majestic and big! I can see Gandalf the White or Galadrial from LOTR riding it. It must've been adorable as a baby moose😍😍😍 https://t.co/SIekb9Gij8 — Moe Irwin (@Moe_Irwin) August 13, 2017
Hans Nilsson, the man who filmed the footage, told a local radio station that he has long dreamt of capturing the mesmerizing animal on video.
Nilsson, who is a local commissioner in Eda, Sweden and a “nature lover” said white moose are extremely rare.
He told a local radio station that there are only 50 white moose in Western Varmland, where the video was captured.
“This is as great as seeing a leopard in Africa,” Nilsson said.
According to several media reports, there are a total of 100 white moose throughout the country, out of the 300,000 to 400,000 moose population.
READ MORE: Rare endangered turtle native to Ontario found wandering in Burnaby
Although the moose looks like it is albino at first glance, some experts have pointed out that it is most likely not the case.
Albinism is an inherited disorder usually caused by a lack of melanin, the pigment responsible for the colour of the skin, hair and eyes.
Albino animals have pink or red eyes but the white moose spotted in Sweden, doesn't.
Several media reports have attributed the all-white fur to a genetic mutation.
It certain parts of Canada, like Ontario for example, regulations were passed to protect the rare white-coloured moose, who are easy targets in the wild because of their visible colour.
South Korea's President Moon Jae-in on Monday declared there must be no war on the Korean peninsula and called on the North to halt its threatening behaviour as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington heighten with both hinting at military action.
SEOUL: South Korea's President Moon Jae-in on Monday declared there must be no war on the Korean peninsula and called on the North to halt its threatening behaviour as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington heighten with both hinting at military action.
"There must be no more war on the Korean Peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear sitaution must be resolved peacefully," said Moon in opening remarks at a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers. The remarks were provided by the presidential Blue House.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours."
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Michael Perry)
The voices calling for an immediate return to playoff contention for the New York Rangers have become deafening at times these days.
It only seems like every major media outlet and online Rangers fan forum has at least explored the possibility of such an approach for the organization's rebuild. Turn it over quickly by adding some star veterans, the thinking goes, and they'll lead the kids back into the postseason sooner rather than later.
These speculative stories cite cases such as the Edmonton Oilers and the Buffalo Sabres—clubs that have been “building” forever, consistently picking at or near the top of the draft, yet unable to escape NHL purgatory and return to making perennial playoff appearances. That the idea of building a powerhouse patiently and gradually with young players, enduring some pain along the way, is at least in some cases pure myth.
And while that point is accurate, all of the noise begs the question: do the Rangers really have a realistic choice?
It's difficult to envision how the Blueshirts will be ready to start consistently contending next season or even the one after that, given their needs. Those aren't much—only an elite goal scorer, a No. 1 center, a steady and competent defense, forward depth and some badly needed grit up front, just for starters.
This club's holdovers, both young and older, are question marks after an ugly 2017-18 season, with hardly an untouchable on the roster. The bevy of prospects and draft picks is exciting, but those are unproven commodities that even in the best-case scenario might not pay dividends for years.
So trade some of them for superlative Ottawa defenseman Erik Karlsson, the voices say. Ranger fans want to sign John Tavares, and not just because he's the star center they crave (anything to tweak Islanders fans). Those two will revitalize the roster and put the team back on track sooner rather than later, goes the theory.
Karlsson or Tavares in Blueshirts a Long Shot
Everything about that scenario, however, has longshot written all over it. Not only the possibility of adding one or both players—but that even if Karlsson AND Tavares landed with the Rangers, the club would start to resemble Pittsburgh in posing a consistent threat to emerge from the Eastern Conference playoffs and play for the Stanley Cup every spring.
The roster just isn't nearly good enough. There's too much work to do for any one (or two) player(s) to lift it back to the heights of 2014 and 2015 yet. Not even if those players' names were Crosby and McDavid (OK, maybe in that case, yes).
“We're looking for someone who can develop players and develop a team,” Madison Square Garden executive chairman Jim Dolan said last week in discussing who will replace Alain Vigneault as coach. “We want someone who is going to be able to work with young players — all of our players, really — so that they and we improve from one stage of the season to the next and we're better at the end of the year than at the beginning.
“The guy we hire has to be a developmental coach, I can't stress that enough,” Dolan said during the same interview.
That doesn't sound like an ownership that expects to make the playoffs next season.
The price for Karlsson would be immense, costing the Rangers a large chunk of the future assets they've acquired. And that might be OK if Karlsson was signed for several more seasons (he's not, with a contract expiring after 2018-19) and young and without significant injury history (he'll be 29 when his deal ends, and has suffered numerous injuries to his legs and feet in recent seasons).
Even if the Rangers were to pull the trigger on such a trade, would Karlsson want to stay past next season? At this point in his career, with the clock ticking on his prime, would he want to commit long-term to a club that may need two to three seasons at the very least to contend for a championship?
A more likely trade suitor would seem to be a team that's a current contender or right on the verge of becoming one, and is willing to give up the future assets—and commit to a long contract that would tie it to Karlsson during his years of decline – for a difference-making veteran defenseman that could put a good roster over the top.
Likewise for Tavares, who over the past season has proven to be a thoughtful, introspective athlete that won't be pressured into a decision on his future. At age 27, in his superstar prime and about to hit the free-agent market, does he want to join his current team's archrivals who probably don't have the adequate depth around him to become a Cup contender until his best days are beginning to wane? Given that, would the Rangers still be able to count on him as a top center when they are in fact ready to contend again?
Gradual Approach the Likely Focus for Management
These moves are of course possible, and the Rangers can certainly place a bid for Tavares that will be competitive with any other club. Adding him would be a coup. But as exciting as such additions might be in theory, there's a whiff of irresponsibility, especially in the case of a Karlsson deal. With the defense a mess, the roster in need of remaking and a grittier new identity sought, it's difficult to envision that the right route is to add those two players at great cost and expect them to work miracles.
The voices also mention the Rangers' finally favorable salary cap situation, with the club expected to be at least $25 million below the threshold next season. But did general manager Jeff Gorton put in the effort to clean up the cap problem over the last two seasons to simply blow it up again for two players? Tavares will cost between $10-12 million per season; Karlsson should at least approach double digits. How will Gorton re-sign ascending young players and add help over the next few seasons if he's once again forced to count every dollar, as he did while the Rangers were actually contending?
It seems more plausible that management would hoard that space for future seasons, when it's clear that the club is turning the corner and one or two key additions will allow it to reach the next level of its rebuild. Not to mention the impending near certainty of an excruciating buyout of Marc Staal's contract, which has three seasons left to run at $5.7 million per.
Last Rangers Core was Built Gradually With Youth
So while there's validity to the argument that starting over with youth is no guarantee, it's difficult to see what other route the Rangers can take to travel back to the perennial contention that wasn't that long ago. Speaking of that, it's worth remembering that those teams were constructed largely with strong drafting, shrewd trades for and signings of younger players and eventually, key veteran additions. That sustainable, cost-effective model for the salary cap era allowed the Blueshirts to reach the playoffs in 11 of 12 seasons and make it to three Conference Finals and one Stanley Cup Final before missing the tournament in 2017-18.
The Rangers helped pioneer that approach for a new era of NHL economics, and they weren't working with nearly the same amount of high-ceiling future assets they have now. So impatient fans and media might have to settle for a useful veteran stopgap signing or two this offseason, perhaps Ilya Kovalchuk, and the trading of some assets with the emphasis still on the future.
In the meantime, there's nothing wrong with getting excited about Libor Hajek, Ryan Lindgren, Brett Howden, Filip Chytil, Lias Andersson and a bunch of draft picks as the Rangers commit to the process of building a team that makes the playoffs every season and contends for championships.
After all, they've done it before.
At least 17 dead after shooting at school in Florida
Student shoots his parents dead at US university dorm, local media says
A nine-year-old boy shot dead his sister, 13, in the southern U.S. state of Mississippi following an argument about a video game controller, local media reported Monday.
The tragedy took place Saturday when the girl refused to give up the controller, Monroe County Sheriff Cecil Cantrell said according to reports. The boy then opened fire, striking his sister in the back of the head.
The bullet pierced through girl's brain, and she was taken to a hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, in critical condition. She died Sunday.
An investigation was opened to determine how the young boy had access to a firearm and to what extent he was aware of the danger.
Such accidents are not rare in the United States, where the debate on gun control rages on.
The European Union (EU) has donated 120,000 assorted tree seedlings to Sandamu Local Government Area of Katsina State.
Alhaji Usman Ahmed, the Director of Agriculture, Sandamu Local Government Council, disclosed this to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Sandamu on Monday.
He said that the council had started planting the seedlings in its efforts to implement the four-year EU fuel wood balancing programme in the area.
He said that the EU initiative was aimed at providing sustainable energy due to the deficit of firewood, while protecting the environment against desertification and boosting the economic well-being of the people.
Ahmed said that the council had taken delivery of 10 varieties of tree seedlings from the National Planning Commission and the EU for distribution to interested farmers at no cost.
He said that the varieties of the seedlings included eucalyptus, neem, albezia, moringa, jastropa,gum arabic, pawpaw, patenolra, cashew and depsonia.
He said the target of the scheme was 1,500 farmers, adding, however, that only 214 farmers had so far indicated interest in the programme.
“We encouraged the farmers to plant the seedlings either on their farms or in their gardens,'' he said.
Ahmed said that the programme would be executed under five planting models which included institutional planting, woodlots, home gardening, wind brake and plantation cultivation.
“We are providing a hoe, a watering can and one litre of pesticides free of charge to those who partake in the programme,'' he added.
He said that programme was specifically aimed at providing sustainable energy because of the shortage of fire wood and addressing the growing menace of desertification in the area.
Ahmed said that more than 100 youths had received training under the programme on how to construct clean cooking stoves, as part of efforts to empower the unemployed people in the area.
Like this: Like Loading...
Less than 12 hours after a burglary on the 2100 block of Elton Hills Drive NW, Rochester police came back to the burglarized home because the victim thought the burglars had returned.
The homeowner told police he had some surveillance cameras on his house. He can access those cameras on an app through his cell phone.
The victim was running some errands around noon on Monday when he checked the app and noticed movement from within his home.
He then called Rochester police, worried that the burglars had come back a second time. The victim returned to the home at the same time police were searching the house. Police didn't find anyone in the home.
The homeowner reviewed the surveillance video again from his phone and realized that the footage wasn't coming from inside his home. He also noticed that the person in the video was his next door neighbor.
Police detained the neighbor, but released him a short time later. They said there's no evidence that he was involved in the robbery. As for the surveillance camera, police suspect that it fell from the home and the neighbor picked it up -- though they aren't certain.
Police are currently trying to find the burglars. The investigation is active but there's no danger to the public.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ORIGINAL STORY:
Rochester Police are searching for multiple suspects, they said, who were involved in an early morning burglary.
According to RPD, the burglary took place on the 2100 block of Elton Hills Drive NW at 2 a.m. Monday. Inside the place, was a 29-year-old woman and 31-year-old male. They told police they were sleeping in the basement when they woke up from noises coming from upstairs.
When the man went to investigate, he found multiple burglars going through the place. One of the burglars had a gun and told the victim to get on the ground. The victim followed the orders and the burglar ran out the back door. The victims told police they saw four more male suspects run out the front door and head east on Elton Hills Drive.
The burglars were able to steal video games, a cell phone, tablets and cash.
The suspect with the gun is described as an African American male who was wearing a black hoodie and a mask.
Another suspect is described as a white male who was wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans and a mask.
The government of Malawi has signed financing agreements aimed to enhance the Shire Valley Transformation Programme and Agriculture Commercialization Project in the country.
Speaking during the signing ceremony on Friday at the Ministry of Finance offices, Capital Hill in Lilongwe, World Bank country director for Tanzania, Malawi, Burundi and Somalia, Miss Bella Bird said their organization is committed to help boost various sectors of agriculture in African countries.
“Word Bank is passionate about increasing the diversity of products and financing in agricultural sectors in Africa including Malawi,” said Bird.
She added that, World Bank is focused to extend irrigation farming in order to raise productivity among small scale farmers in Shire Valley.
According to Bird, the World Bank has budgeted USD160 million for the government of Malawi to help support Shire Valley transformation program and agricultural commercialization project.
“We have put a lot of money aside to be used for the two major projects and this is the latest project that World Bank has ever prepared in Malawi for the first time,” she explained.
She said 300 farming cooperatives in the country will benefit with the project noting that this would ease access to international markets by the farmers in the country. She further applauded the country's leadership for introducing the two projects.
Speaking at the same event, the Minister of Finance, Economic Planning and Development, Goodall Gondwe thanked World Bank for helping the country in the transformation and commercialization projects.
“World Bank has done a great thing as the government of Malawi is working on transforming projects in different sectors in the country,” said Gondwe.
He said this would help bring more agricultural factories in the country which will subsequently help create more job opportunities for the youth.
He also said the factories would help add value to the agricultural produce through the manufacture of cooking oil and peanut butter among others.
Gondwe urged the general public to join hands in order to bring the two programs to fruition.
Beijing and other cities across northern and central China were shrouded in thick smog on Monday, prompting authorities to delay dozens of flights and close highways.
The Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau extended an "orange alert" for heavy air pollution for three more days. Beijing's smog had initially been forecast to lift by Monday.
The "orange alert" is the third level, preceding a "red alert", in China's four-tiered warning system.
On Sunday, 25 cities in China issued "red alerts" for smog, which triggers orders to close factories, schools and construction sites.
Air pollution readings in northern Chinese cities were many times above the World Health Organisation-designated safe level of 25 micrograms per cubic meter of PM 2.5, the tiny, toxic particles that damage lung tissue.
The readings exceeded 400 by Monday afternoon in several cities in the northern province of Hebei.
Expressways in Shijiazhuang, Hebei's capital, and more than half a dozen other cities there were temporarily closed, according to notices posted on the official microblog of the province's traffic police.
In the central city of Zhengzhou, authorities ordered students from kindergarten through high school to stay home on Tuesday because of the smog.
More than 300 flights out of the northern city of Tianjin were cancelled on Sunday due to poor visibility.
Authorities have deployed teams of inspectors to check on polluting factories, reports said.
China has long faced some of the worst air pollution in the world, blamed on its reliance of coal for energy and factory production, as well as a surplus of older, less efficient cars on its roads.
Researchers at Germany's Max Planck institute have estimated that smog has led to 1.4 million premature deaths per year in China, while the non-profit group Berkeley Earth in California has had a higher figure, 1.6 million.
AP
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) –
Number 55 has been gone, go, go since the season started. Jerry Hughes is playing at a Pro Bowl level.
Through four games has three sacks in four games and is already halfway to his total in 16 games last season.
“He has been phenomenal. He's been coming off the ball, he has been doing little things,” Head Coach Sean McDermott said. “It is easy to say, well I don't want to say it is easy, to be a one-dimensional player and get numbers and all those things. He has bought into the system.”
And the new system fits Hughes' skill set perfectly. The 4-3 defense allows him to put his hand in the ground and get after the quarterback. The defensive end was huge in Atlanta with up six tackles, a strip sack and eye-popping six quarterback hurries.
“I'd say ‘out of his body' I'd say. Even this last Sunday, when I was looking at the other side, I'm like ‘I got a great get off, get this, get that,' and I'm looking, I'm running back there and Jerry's already back there,” defensive end Eddie Yarbrough joked. “He made the play and I'm like “Okay, Jerry.”
It's hard to imagine, but Hughes says there's still another level he can get to.
“I can certainly play better — get better day-by-day.”
LISBON (Reuters) - More than 3,000 firemen struggled to put out forest fires across Portugal on Sunday, after the country requested assistance from Europe to fight blazes that threaten to spread with more hot weather in the coming days.
Exceptionally dry and hot weather ignited Portugal's worst fire disaster in memory early this summer, killing 64 people, and fires have continued to flare up in recent weeks with the arrival of each new hotter spell of weather.
Interior Minister Constanca Urbana de Sousa said the country sent the request for help to Europe late on Saturday because of concerns that high temperatures and high winds in the coming days could increase the number of fires.
The minister said the request was carried out "because of a question of prudence" due to the weather forecast for coming days, according to news agency Lusa. It covered requests for firefighting airplanes and firemen and is part of a European mechanism for cooperation to fight fires.
Emergency services said 268 fires broke out on Saturday, the highest number for any single day this year, with 6,500 firemen fighting to put them out. There are fears that many of them could flare up again later on Sunday, with higher winds and temperatures that hit in the afternoon.
The central district of Coimbra adopted a local state of emergency to deal with fires, as did four smaller municipalities in the region.
While fires have burned through the summer none has had the tragic impact of the one in late June, as emergency services have gone to far greater efforts to evacuate villages and shut roads early in affected areas.
But the country could face many more weeks of fires before the end of summer.
More than 140,000 hectares of forest have burned this summer in Portugal, more than three times higher than the average over the last 10 years, according to European Union data.
DENVER (AP) – Thousands of people turned out to honor a Colorado sheriff's deputy shot and killed while chasing a suspect.
People lined streets Friday north of Denver to watch a large procession of law enforcement vehicles led by dozens of motorcycles taking Adams County Sheriff's Deputy Heath Gumm's body to Flatirons Community Church in Lafayette. A large U.S. flag flew from the ladders of two fire trucks on an overpass on Interstate 25 as it passed.
Authorities say Gumm and other deputies were called to a residential area on Jan. 24 for a reported fight and chased a man who ran behind a house. They say 22-year-old Dreion Martise Dearing pulled out a handgun and fired.
Gumm's death came less than a month after 29-year-old Douglas County sheriff's Deputy Zackari Parrish was fatally shot in suburban Denver.
Like this: Like Loading...
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from his son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when he says he witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
He ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped her lift the walker. He tenderly placed his hand on the woman's back to steady her. He climbed with her the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, she gave the boy a gentle embrace.
Riley Duncan Jr. captured a video of a simple act of kindness in Georgia: A young boy helping an elderly woman up the stairs. Here, the two embrace after the brief encounter.
Screenshot from video provided by Riley Duncan Jr.
He returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And his mother, Contricia Hill, told the station she is proud of her son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," she told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, she whispered a few words to him.
"She told him that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of his own: He says he met up with the boy after the fact and gave him a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up his girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, he summed up his feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
× Online Public Information File
Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File
Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov.
Station Contact Info:
KWQC-TV6
805 Brady Street
Davenport, IA 52803
563-383-7000
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On loan Chelsea keeper Jamal Blackman has extended his stay at Wycombe Wanderers until the end of the season.
The 23-year-old has kept 11 clean sheets in 25 games for the League Two high fliers since joining in August, initially until January.
"Jamal has been first class for us and he has real quality which is well above League Two level," Wanderers boss Gareth Ainsworth told the club's website.
Chelsea youngster on which Blues legend has most inspired him
"He's made some saves which are out of this world to help us pick up some valuable points."
Blackman missed Friday's 1-0 win at Cheltenham Town due to injury, Scott Brown taking his place between the sticks after returning from his own loan spell with Eastleigh.
Wanderers are back in action tomorrow when they host Newport County.
Chelsea youngster 'will play in the Premier League one day, says Wycombe Wanderers boss
A suspected burglar was found dead after massive bleeding from a deep cut to his ankle not far from the house that he had apparently broken into late on Sunday.
The body of Tongsian Bamrung, 56, was found in front of the fence of a house in Moo 2 village in Tambon Na Klang, in Nong Bua Lam Phu's Na Klang district, at 11pm.
Full story: The Nation
By The Nation
Tourists queue to catch a taxi at Ibiza airport on the island of Ibiza
A group of revellers sails a raft in the port of the northen Spanish Basque city of San Sebastian
Two women sit with their luggage in the port of Ibiza
Tourists walk around the cathedral of Palma de Mallorca
For all intents and purposes, it appears that Kylo Ren is the Darth Vader of the current Star Wars trilogy, which continues with Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Granted, there were quite a few differences between Kylo and his much more famous grandfather in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, but he is the bad guy at the forefront, with Snoke lurking somewhere in the background. Some more differences (and similarities) are likely to be revealed in Star Wars: The Last Jedi, but Lucasfilm was kind enough to give us something to chew on at New York Comic Con. They've finally explained why Kylo Ren wears a helmet.
We know that Kylo Ren is a complete Darth Vader fanboy, which largely explains his choice of clothing and style. But why the helmet? Darth Vader needed his to live, but Kylo Ren can function perfectly fine without it. Well, the folks over at Star Wars News Net are on the ground at New York Comic Con and they shared an image from the Star Wars: The Last Jedi display that goes over some of the helmets from the movie, one of which being Kylo Ren's. And the description offered up a crystal clear, unambiguous explanation. Here's the description.
"Kylo Ren is the son of Han Solo and Leia Organa, protege of Luke Skywalker, and eventual master of the Knights of Ren. He is known as the 'Jedi Killer' among the rank and file of the first order. His helmet was crafted to mask his visage and voice, concealing his identity as he delves further into the power of the Dark Side of the Force."
So there you have it. The fancy helmet that makes Kylo Ren's voice all crazy is simply to disguise his identity. That makes sense, as there are probably many who would recognize him as Ben Solo, as he lived a life before he turned to the Dark Side. Not only that, but it does offer a layer of mystery and intimidation. But there are some other tidbits in that description worth talking about beyond the helmet.
Some very subtle phrasing in here hints at something we may very well see in Star Wars: The Last Jedi. In Star Wars: The Force Awakens, we got a glimpse of the Knights of Ren in what many assumed was a flashback in Rey's Force dream. But the phrase "eventual master of the Knights of Ren" implies that he has yet to accomplish that. So maybe Rey had a glimpse into the future and we're going to see the Knights of Ren in Star Wars: The Last Jedi? Either way, that phrasing seems intentional and is worth taking note of.
For now, all we can do is speculate until Star Wars: The Last Jedi comes out on December 15. But at least Lucasfilm finally let us know why Kylo Ren wears that helmet. At least we know it wasn't a totally pointless fashion statement. You can check out the descriptions of the other helmets, courtesy of Star Wars News Net Twitter, for yourself below.
MUMBAI (Reuters) - India's leading online grocer BigBasket has raised $300 million in a funding round led by China's Alibaba (BABA.N), giving it more firepower to compete with U.S. rival Amazon (AMZN.O).
An Alibaba unit invested $146 million, subscribing to compulsorily convertible preference shares, BigBasket said a filing to Indian regulators.
BigBasket, which sells everything from vegetables to frozen meats to soap and shampoo, gave no breakdown of the fundraising but said it would use the funds to build farmer networks and expand deeper into Indian cities where they operate.
“BigBasket is delighted to receive this funding from Alibaba, which will essentially be directed towards growth and consolidation. The multinational e-commerce retailer fits in best with what we believe in,” chief executive Hari Menon said.
Bengaluru-headquartered BigBasket, which researcher Forrester estimates accounts for roughly 40 percent of India's $750 million online grocery market, is competing with SoftBank-backed (9984.T) Grofers and Amazon's India unit for a bigger slice of the market.
Founded in 2011, BigBasket has more than 6 million registered customers and operates across 26 Indian cities.
Alibaba, through its units, holds various investments in India's fast-growing online retail space, including a stake in the parent of top digital wallet firm Paytm.
Sands Capital Pvt Growth Ltd, International Finance Corp and Abraaj Basket I Pvt Ltd also invested a total of $50.8 million in BigBasket as part of the latest round, according to the filing.
It was not immediately known who invested the remainder of the total $300 million.
BigBasket and Alibaba did not immediately respond to requests seeking comment.
SHANGHAI: China has issued new guidelines to enforce academic integrity in science that include plans to "record and assess" the conduct of scientists and institutions and punish anyone guilty of misconduct, state news agency Xinhua reported.
The guidelines, released on Wednesday by the ruling Communist Party and the State Council, or cabinet, prohibit plagiarism, fabrication of data and research conclusions, ghost-writing and peer review manipulation, according to Xinhua.
Advertisement
Scandals in recent years involving things like faked research, plagiarism and problematic peer review standards have dented China's reputation as a growing force in the world of scientific research.
Xinhua said China would build a "scientific integrity mechanism" to drive innovation while maintaining zero tolerance for severe academic dishonesty.
"Anyone who violates the integrity rules will be held accountable by law," it said, citing a document issued by the party and government.
"Those who are found to have committed academic misconduct will be banned from teaching or doing any kind of research work in government-run schools and scientific institutions. Their research grants will be canceled and honors revoked, according to the guidelines," it said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Ministry of Science and Technology would take responsibility for coordinating and managing the effort in scientific fields, while the state-run Chinese Academy of Social Sciences would do so in social sciences.
Xinhua said the science ministry planned to build "a journal warning mechanism to put any domestic or international academic journals that ignores academic quality while seeking high payments onto a blacklist".
Papers published in such journals would not be recognised in any kind of assessment, it said.
The guidelines also aimed to change the standards by which scientists are evaluated so that integrity becomes a key factor, rather than just the production of papers, patents, titles, projects and the collection of honors, it said.
Share:
KABUL - Teen sensation Rashid Khan will lead a heavyweight spin attack for Afghanistan in the country's first-ever Test against India next month, the Afghan cricket board announced Tuesday.
Khan and fellow spinners Mujeeb ur Rahman, Zahir Khan and Hamza Hotak were named in a 16-strong squad for the historic one-off Test in Bangalore starting June 14.
The 19-year-old Khan was a star performer in the Indian Premier League with 21 wickets for Sunrisers Hyderabad, who lost in Sunday's final to Chennai Super Kings. Rahman, 17, also impressed in the cash-rich league with 14 scalps for Kings XI Punjab.
Asghar Stanikzai will captain the Test debutants in the five-day game which will be preceded by three Twenty20 internationals against Bangladesh.
The T20 games will be played in the northern Indian city of Dehradun on June 3, 5 and 7. Afghanistan have had their training base in India since 2015, and were given Test status last year with Ireland, who lost their first five-day match to Pakistan earlier this month. Afghanistan will be underdogs in the Test against India, but they will start as favourites against Bangladesh in the T20 clashes.
TEST SQUAD: Asghar Stanikzai (capt), Mohammad Shahzad, Javed Ahmadi, Ihsanullah Jannat, Rahmat Shah, Nasir Jamal, Hashmatullah Shahidi, Afsar Zazai, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Zahir Khan, Hamza Hotak, Syed Ahmad Sherzad, Yamin Ahmadzai, Wafadar Momand, Mujeeb ur Rahman
SQUAD FOR BANGLADESH T20S: Asghar Stanikzai (capt), Mohammad Shahzad, Najeebullah Tarakai, Usman Ghani, Najibullah Zadran, Samiullah Shinwari, Shafiqullah Shafaq, Darwish Rasooli, Mohammad Nabi, Gulbadin Naib, Karim Jannat, Rashid Khan, Sharafuddin Ashraf, Mujeeb ur Rahman, Shapoor Zadran, Aftab Alam.
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's top government spokesman said on Friday that there was no plan to hold another round of economic dialogue with the United States when Vice President Mike Pence visits Tokyo next week.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told a news conference that detailed schedules of Pence's stay in Japan are being arranged.
Last October, the two nations held the second round of the economic dialogue led by Japan's Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and his counterpart Pence.
Pence plans to visit Japan before his attendance at the Winter Olympics in South Korea.
Former Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala, a leading contender to become president herself, said on Friday she was breaking with her party, deepening divisions in the opposition ahead of the 2018 presidential election.
MEXICO CITY: Former Mexican first lady Margarita Zavala, a leading contender to become president herself, said on Friday she was breaking with her party, deepening divisions in the opposition ahead of the 2018 presidential election.
Zavala, wife of former President Felipe Calderon, announced her decision to leave the centre-right National Action Party (PAN) in a recorded video broadcast in which she attacked the party leadership for blocking her aspirations.
Since launching her bid for the presidency in June 2015, Zavala has spent months as one of the top contenders in opinion polls, generally just behind former Mexico City Mayor Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, a veteran leftist with nationalist leanings.
The election will be held in July 2018, and President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) faces an uphill struggle to stay in power. Polls show a tight race, though most candidates have yet to be chosen.
Zavala, 50, said she quit the PAN because the party base had been subordinated to the interests of its leadership, which has forged a cross-party alliance for the election with the centre-left opposition Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD).
"Anti-democratic conditions took hold in the PAN just like we had criticized in the PRI and other parties," she said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Zavala told Mexican radio that the "broad front" formed by the PAN, the PRD and the centre-left Citizens Movement party meant there would be no internal PAN selection process for the presidential ticket, denying her a chance to be candidate.
The PAN has the most seats of any opposition group in Congress. Party chairman Ricardo Anaya responded with his own video message, noting the selection process was still open.
Saying he respected Zavala's decision, Anaya nevertheless argued her departure would only benefit the PRI.
A survey in August by polling firm Mitofsky showed the cross-party alliance coming first in a presidential vote with nearly 22 percent support, a few points ahead of the PRI or Lopez Obrador's National Regeneration Movement (MORENA).
However, over 37 percent of voters were still undecided.
Running as an independent, Zavala enters an increasingly crowded field of hopefuls that is due to include a maverick northern governor who broke with the PRI in 2015.
Fernando Belaunzaran, a leading PRD advocate of the cross-party alliance, said he regretted Zavala's decision and that it would have been better to keep her inside the "broad front."
If polls later show Zavala has little chance of winning, the front must be ready to welcome her back, he added. "We've got to the keep the door open," he said.
(Additional reporting by Adriana Barrera; Editing by Leslie Adler)
SINGAPORE: The Land Transport Authority (LTA) on Tuesday (Aug 15) said it has called a tender to develop bus services based on commuters' demand via a mobile application in real time, and trials will start in the second half of next year.
The agency said in a press release that this service would allow commuters to request pick-ups and drop-offs at any bus stop within an operating area, instead of relying on fixed timetables or routes. They would thus have customised bus services with possibly shorter waiting time.
The three areas identified as possible for the trial are Joo Koon (for services 253, 255 and 257), Punggol North/West (for services 84 and 382) and Shenton Way/ Marina South (for services 400 and 402). These services were identified due to their low demand during off-peak hours, and on-demand bus services could potentially better serve commuters, LTA explained.
Instead of being able to alight only at a bus stop along a fixed route, commuters would be able to ask to alight at any stop in the operating area, it added
Group director of Public Transport at LTA, Mr Yeo Teck Guan, said the tender will allow the authority to explore data analytics and mobile technology which have "revolutionised the way that we travel, as we have seen in the success of ride-hailing".
The tender will have two phases: The first will be awarded by the fourth quarter of 2017 and the successful tenderer will conduct modelling and simulation to test service quality and resource requirements. The second phase, to be awarded in the second quarter of 2018, will have public bus operators test and calibrate software and hardware solutions provided by the successful tenderer.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They will then trial the on-demand services in the second half of 2018, it added.
Before the actual trial, LTA will work with bus operators and communities to ensure residents and commuters understand how to use the services. It will also continue to run the usual scheduled bus services, but at reduced frequency, to cater to those who are not able to adapt to the new service, it said.
Tender participants are also invited to submit proposals for on-demand, dynamically routed night bus services, to replace existing night bus services that have fixed timetables and routes, the agency added.
Wednesday, June 14, 2017
Weather forecast update at 4:30pm:
Clouds will continue to push on Wednesday night in advance of a weather system that will move inland Thursday.
Expect an increasing risk of showers on Thursday when the low approaches the BC coast.
On Friday we will see partial clearing with a slight chance of showers in the afternoon.
An upper ridge gradually building over the region starting Saturday will bring the return of sunshine and warm conditions this weekend.
Thursday's daytime high range: 16 to 23C
We will have the rest of your weather details coming up at 5pm, 6:30pm and 11pm – Hope you can join us!
~ Duane English / Wesla Wong
GALION — Galion was a 10-1 winner over Crestline on Friday night at Heise Park's Klehm Field in the annual Strike Out Cancer game.
The Lady Tigers bats provided an early lead when Nevaeh Clark belted a single to score Nicole Thomas for the first run. The second run came a few minutes later when Dusty Thomas blasted a single to score Clark.
Crestline's Sarah Toy would keep the Tigers in check until the third when Galion would plate an additional two runs. Nicole Thomas scored again when Gabby Kaple ripped a triple to the fence. A fielder's choice by Clark brought Kaple across to give Galion a 4-0 lead.
In the fifth, a triple by Clark and a double by Emily Sedmak would lead to another four runs.
Sedmak, Nicole Thomas, Dusty Thomas and Clark all had multi-hit games in the win. Michaela Jeffrey was the only Crestline hitter to record multiple hits (2).
Madelyn Thomas was the winning pitcher on the night, going the entire seven innings and allowed just one run on six hits. Madelyn struck out four and walked one in the victory. Toy suffered the loss for Crestline, going seven and allowing 10 runs on 13 hits while fanning eight.
Galion drops two in Cardington
CARDINGTON — After their victory on Friday night, the Galion Lady Tigers played two Cardington and Danville.
Galion would manage just three hits while being shutout by Cardington, 24-0 in the opener. The Pirates racked up 30 hits off of Galion pitching and were flawless in the field in the rout.
The Tigers would also play Danville on the day and lost 9-6.
After the three-game weekend, Galion now sits at 8-4 overall and are 3-2 in the MOAC Red.
The Lady Tigers are back in league action today, at home, against River Valley. The Prexies of Marion Harding will host Galion on Wednesday, April 19 in league play. On Friday, Galion will be back on the home diamond vs.Pleasant.
Galion's Madelyn Thomas delivers to the plate during action against Crestline Friday night. Thomas and the Lady Tigers won the game, 10-1. (Photo by Erin Miller) http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SB3.jpgGalion's Madelyn Thomas delivers to the plate during action against Crestline Friday night. Thomas and the Lady Tigers won the game, 10-1. (Photo by Erin Miller) The Galion Lady Tigers defeated the Crestline Lady Bulldogs on Friday April 14 in the annual Strike Out Cancer game. (Photo by Erin Miller) http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SB1.jpgThe Galion Lady Tigers defeated the Crestline Lady Bulldogs on Friday April 14 in the annual Strike Out Cancer game. (Photo by Erin Miller) Lady Bulldogs' Desiree Naveja swings threw a Thomas pitch during action Friday night in Galion. (Photo by Erin Miller) http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SB2.jpgLady Bulldogs' Desiree Naveja swings threw a Thomas pitch during action Friday night in Galion. (Photo by Erin Miller) A Galion huddle on the mound provides the Lady Tigers motivation. The Tigers defeated Crestline, 10-1. (Photo by Erin Miller) http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SB4.jpgA Galion huddle on the mound provides the Lady Tigers motivation. The Tigers defeated Crestline, 10-1. (Photo by Erin Miller) Sarah Toy of Crestline winds up during action against Galion on Friday night. Toy worked all seven innings for the Lady ‘Dogs in the loss. (Photo by Erin Miller) http://galioninquirer.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_SB5.jpgSarah Toy of Crestline winds up during action against Galion on Friday night. Toy worked all seven innings for the Lady ‘Dogs in the loss. (Photo by Erin Miller)
By Chad Clinger [email protected]
LOS ANGELES: Adonna Ebrahimi is stretched out on her yoga mat, struggling to maintain a cobra pose - and her composure - as a couple of baby goats do a balancing act on her back.
Welcome to "Goat Yoga", the latest fitness craze sweeping the United States, where young and old are lining up for the popular classes that leave participants not only saying "namaste" but also in stitches.
The sound of bleating reverberates in the background as yoga instructor Meridith Lana encourages participants to exhale. (AFP/Mark Ralston)
The new workouts taking place on farms across the country involve Nigerian Dwarf goats - miniature goats of West African origin - roaming about as yogis practice their exercise routines.
"At first, it was a bit scary because I didn't know the goats were going to jump on my back," Ebrahimi, 53, said on a recent afternoon after completing her first "Goat Yoga" class outside Los Angeles.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"But then they were there and you felt the warmth of the animal and you're on the straw, in the sun, with the trees and the blue skies around you, and it just felt so calming and peaceful."
About 20 people and 15 goats - 11 kids and four moms - took part in the class that was organized outdoors in a pen covered with straw.
As yoga instructor Meridith Lana encouraged participants to "exhale", "pull your navel to your spine" or "watch your posture," the sound of bleating reverberated in the background, the nimble animals skipping about, jumping on people's backs, munching on their hair or a beard and licking their faces.
A few also answered the call of nature.
PRICELESS THERAPY
"They're adorable and they're friendly," said Lana after the class. "They do eat your hair, they do leave you presents on your mat but it's all in fun.
"The therapy you get here is priceless."
The workouts involve Nigerian Dwarf goats - miniature goats of West African origin AFP/Mark Ralston)
Danette McReynolds, whose family owns the goats, said she decided to host the classes to raise money for her 16-year-old daughter and a friend who are planning to showcase the animals at a farm show in Wisconsin this summer.
"We didn't know how it was going to go but it's taken off, we're booked solid," she said. "People love it. They decompress, they cuddle the goats and relax."
Lana said interacting with the goats is an experience similar to playing with a pet, which has clinically been proven to relieve stress and improve well-being.
"The happiness the goats bring is great," she said. "All animals are therapeutic but there is something about these goats that is just incredible.
"You can be in a child's pose position and the next thing you know, you don't want to get up because there is a goat on your back.
"If there's anything these goats allow you to be it's conscious."
Several of her students said while the goats did admittedly get in the way of the yoga stretches and poses, they were a welcome distraction that had everyone giggling and vowing to come back for more.
"It was a pure release of tension, a pure release of frustration," said Judy Waters, who attended a class with her husband and several other friends, one of whom was celebrating her birthday.
"You can't really be upset when you're around a bunch of baby goats climbing around and being silly."
Stephanie Allis struggles to maintain her concentration as a baby goat gets close during a "Goat Yoga" class. (AFP Photo/Mark Ralston)
There was also one added bonus, she said.
"I didn't think about the administration in Washington once during this entire hour," Waters chuckled. "I would love to do this every week if I could."
Lily James has hinted that she is in talks over a Downton Abbey film.
James, who played Lady Rose, said on Wednesday that discussions over a feature film were "definitely" under way.
The ITV period drama's creator, Julian Fellowes, also said this week that it was "pretty likely" that the film would be produced.
At the Los Angeles premiere of Baby Driver, James told the Press Association: "There's definitely rumours and discussions going on."
When pressed if she was involved in those discussions, she smiled and replied: "Um, maybe."
Fellowes said in a web chat with readers on The Guardian website on Tuesday that he was awaiting the "green light" from a studio.
"I know the cast are behind it and there's a big audience out there," he wrote.
"On most movies, unless it's Spider-Man 6, you're taking a punt.
"But it's pretty likely the Downton movie will happen."
British actress James, 28, stars as the love interest of a getaway driver in Shaun Of The Dead director Edgar Wright's latest film.
Kevin Spacey, Jon Hamm and Jamie Foxx also feature in the star-studded line-up.
James said she is thrilled to work with the British director, adding: "Edgar Wright is such a visionary, I've always wanted to work with him."
Baby Driver is out in UK cinemas on June 28.
Stocks around the world rose along with U.S. Treasury bond yields and the U.S. dollar on Monday as investors regained some appetite for riskier assets as the United States and North Korea appeared to take a break from their war of words.After a week of market jitters from increasingly aggressive exchanges between the nuclear-armed nations, investors were emboldened after South Korea's president said resolving North Korea's nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and U.S. officials played down the risk of an imminent war.Oil investors, however, had little to celebrate with daily declines of more than 2 percent.MSCI's world equity index gained 0.75 percent and the U.S. benchmark S&P 500 rebounded to close up 1 percent after its biggest weekly loss in almost five months, marking just the third time the U.S. benchmark has boasted a 1-percent daily gain in 2017."There's still cash on the sidelines looking for an opportunity to buy the dip. And they're in there with both hands today," Bucky Hellwig, senior vice president at BB&T Wealth Management in Birmingham, Alabama.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 135.39 points, or 0.62 percent, to 21,993.71, the S&P 500 gained 24.52 points, or 1.00 percent, to 2,465.84 and the Nasdaq Composite added 83.68 points, or 1.34 percent, to 6,340.23.Last week's fear was prompted by U.S. President Donald Trump's warning North Korea would face "fire and fury" if it threatened the United States and North Korea's announcement it was considering plans to fire missiles at the U.S. island territory of Guam..While investors were relieved the weekend passed without further escalation, some were mindful, ahead of North Korea's Liberation Day celebration marking the end of Japanese rule, that tensions could resurface."Tensions might flare up again. This is not the last we are going to hear of this situation," said Justin Hoogendoorn, head of fixed income strategy and analytics at Piper Jaffray in Chicago.In currencies, the U.S. dollar rose 1 percent against the Swiss franc, erasing much of the greenback's losses last week against the safe-haven currency, which was set for its biggest one-day drop against the dollar since July.The dollar was up 0.45 percent against the Japanese yen, reversing some of its 1.37 percent loss last week against the safe-haven currency. Against a basket of major currencies, the U.S. dollar rose 0.36 percent on the day but has fallen 8.6 percent so far this year.U.S. Treasury benchmark yields rebounded from six-week lows as investors pared back holdings of low-risk government debt.The yield rise was also underpinned by an Associated Press report that New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley would support another interest rate hike if economic data meets his expectations.Benchmark 10-year notes last fell 10/32 in price to yield 2.2202 percent, from 2.187 percent late on Friday. Oil prices tumbled in a volatile session, hurt by the rising dollar and weak domestic demand data from China. Earlier in the session oil prices saw a short-lived boost on potential reductions in crude supply from Libya.U.S. crude settled down 2.5 percent while Brent ended the session 2.63 percent lower and slipped further after settlement.U.S. crude was last down 2.7 percent at $47.50 per barrel and Brent was last at $50.65, down 2.78 percent.Gold was out of favour on Monday after clocking a 2.46 percent jump and hitting two-month highs last week. Spot gold dropped 0.5 percent to $1,282.13 an ounce.
WELLINGTON: Former All Blacks coach Graham Henry has said the British and Irish Lions' 'suicidal' itinerary could dash their hopes of being competitive during the New Zealand tour.
The Lions face a tough schedule, playing all five of New Zealand's Super Rugby sides and a match against the Maori All Blacks in addition to the three tests in Auckland and Wellington.
Henry coached the Lions to a 2-1 series loss on their 2001 tour of Australia and four years later guided the All Blacks to a 3-0 series sweep over the famous touring side in New Zealand.
"There is huge pressure on the Lions," 70-year-old Henry said in comments published on ESPN's website.
"I know from my own experiences how much the players respect getting selected for the Lions. It is the pinnacle of their career. It is massive but they need to do well and I just wonder if the itinerary is suicidal. That is my concern."
New Zealand's Super Rugby sides have been dominating the competition and are unlikely to be a pushover for Warren Gatland's Lions team, as witnessed by the Waikato Chiefs' 40-7 demolition of Wales during their tour last June.
"They are playing New Zealand Maori, they are playing the five franchised teams - and those five franchised teams have nothing to lose, no pressure on them at all, so they will fire everything at the Lions and take them on.
"Hopefully (the Lions) have the ability to overcome that.
"But really when you tour, you need to ensure some momentum is created by results and you just wonder how they are going to go into the test series with that itinerary.
"It is very demanding.
"You just want the Lions to do well because it is such a marvellous brand in world rugby and they need to do pretty well to maintain the potency of the brand, because it's huge for the southern hemisphere countries to have the Lions tour."
The Lions open the tour on June 3 against a New Zealand Barbarians side in Whangarei.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Hands-On
The keyboard and keystroke automation tool update brings along more than 100 new and refined features.
Giants 101 provides 24/7 obsessive sports coverage of the New York Giants as a part of Sports Media 101 . For news, op/ed, game reviews, team updates and even rumors you will find all of it on Giants 101. Have an opinion - join the discussion and drop a comment. If it's about the Giants, it's on Giants 101.
THE CEBU provincial public information officer, Jason Monteclar, will only report to duty up to tomorrow, August 15, after he tendered his resignation letter to Cebu Governor Hilario Davide III last week.
ADVERTISEMENT
Davide announced this during a brief interview with reporters in the Capitol this noon.
“He cited ‘personal business' as reason (for the voluntary resignation). We will meet tomorrow with the PIO office to discuss (the inevitable vacancy) further,” he explained.
Monteclar, a former radio broadcaster from dyRC, was appointed as the Capitol PIO last 2016.
A complaint on conflict of interest was filed against him before the Office of the Ombudsman in the Visayas last July for allegedly continuing to work and being paid as a broadcaster while holding office in the government
Cascade County authorities have identified a Saskatchewan man who was killed after his minivan struck a tractor-trailer that left the scene of the crash on Interstate 15 in northern Montana.
Sheriff Bob Edwards said Marvin Knutson, 72, of Swift Current died late Saturday when his van hit a truck as it used an “authorized vehicle only” area to cross the median to enter a weigh station near Great Falls.
READ MORE: Man killed in crash near Melfort, Sask.
Investigators with the Montana Highway Patrol say the truck driver stopped briefly near the weigh station and then continued north on I-15.
The Great Falls Tribune reported that officers are searching for the driver of the truck.
The truck was hauling two-by-four lumber and should have damage on the right rear side of the trailer.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau next week for talks on how to address the crisis over North Korea's nuclear weapons, an Ottawa source said on Monday.
OTTAWA: U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson plans to meet Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau next week for talks on how to address the crisis over North Korea's nuclear weapons, an Ottawa source said on Monday.
Canada and the United States are due to co-host a meeting of foreign ministers in Vancouver in January to discuss North Korea.
During a day trip to Ottawa on Dec. 19 Tillerson will also meet Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland, said the source, who requested anonymity because the meetings have not yet been formally announced.
North Korea has fired missiles over Japan as it pursues nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in defiance of U.N. sanctions. Last week it said U.S. and South Korean military drills meant the outbreak of war was "an established fact".
No one in the offices of Trudeau and Freeland was immediately available for comment. The U.S. embassy in Ottawa declined to comment.
Freeland said last month that the Vancouver talks would show the unity of the international community in applying pressure on Pyongyang.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Reporting by David Ljunggren; Editing by Andrew Hay)
Rough Night can best be described as the girl power version of Very Bad Things or Stag. It doesn't go as crazy as those films, but has the same premise. The story is disjointed and runs slow at times, but the ensemble cast is quite funny with one standout performance. I will say that all the women in the audience were howling with laughter throughout. That's the target, so Sony may have a big hit. Rough Night is the feature film debut from Lucia Aniello, a writer and director from Comedy Central's Broad City.
Rough Night begins with Jess (Scarlett Johansson), Alice (Jillian Bell), Blair (Zoe Kravitz), and Frankie (Ilana Glazer) going wild at a frat party in college. After the hijinks, they swear to remain best friends forever. Ten years later, Jess is a successful politician running for state senate. She's engaged to be married to the mild and complacent Peter (Paul W. Downs). Alice, a bored schoolteacher, has organized a wild bachelorette, or hen party for our European readers, in raucous South Beach, Miami.
Jess would prefer a quiet reunion, but Alice is hell bent on some serious partying. They rent a beachside mansion, stocked with penis-shaped party favors for the debauchery. Alice is stunned and jealous when Pippa (Kate McKinnon) shows up from Australia. She's a friend of Jess's from her semester abroad. The girls settle in awkwardly when a stripper that Blair found on Craigslist arrives. The party takes a twisted turn when the hot man dancing turns into a corpse.
Rough Night entertains because the female ensemble is likeable. The ladies have chemistry together and successfully portray besties. The stripper plot and shenanigans that follow give me a light chuckle. It honestly isn't fall down humorous until Peter, the fiance, enters the story with his own crazy subplot. I won't give it away here, but his race to find his beloved is absolutely wild. In fact, I wouldn't mind watching a movie just about Peter's problems getting to Miami.
Here's where I take another paragraph in a review extolling the greatness of Jillian Bell. This actress has established herself as a comedy rockstar. We've seen her on Comedy Central, 22 Jump Street, Fist Fight, and The Night Before. Alice is the heart of the film. She's the frumpy, mega-horny best friend living in the shadow of the gorgeous Jess. Jillian Bell plays this character perfectly. I think we all know someone like Alice and can relate to her antics. Everything Jillian Bell touches is comedy gold.
From Sony Pictures, Rough Night has the chance to be this year's Bridesmaids. It's not nearly on that level, but funny enough to warrant a recommendation. The black humor gets more mileage in the capable hands of Jillian Bell, Kate McKinnon, and Paul W. Downs. Scarlett Johansson is the marquee star, but she's more the on the sidelines watching the madness develop. Grab your bridal sashes, get a few cocktails in, and enjoy Rough Night. It's the only adult comedy this week at the box office.
Liverpool will be without Daniel Sturridge and Philippe Coutinho for Tuesday's Champions League play-off first leg at Hoffenheim.
Striker Sturridge missed Saturday's Premier League opener at Watford after suffering a thigh injury in pre-season but there was hope he could feature against the German side.
It now appears the game has come too soon for the injury-plagued England international, with the 27-year-old not included in Jurgen Klopp's 22-man travelling squad.
Also missing from the list published by the club was Coutinho, whose future remains the subject of considerable speculation.
The Brazilian last week handed in a transfer request after Liverpool rejected two bids from Barcelona and issued a strongly-worded statement saying he would not be sold.
His absence from the squad was not a surprise, however, given that he has not been training due to a back injury and also did not play at Watford.
WEST SENECA, N.Y. (WIVB) – The Erie County Sheriff's Mounted Reserve Unit will again collect food and cash donations for the Food Bank of WNY this weekend.
The unit's 16th annual Mounted for Meals food drive will be held 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday in front of the Market in the Square in the Southgate Plaza, 940 Union Road, West Seneca.
Eight deputies on horses will be collecting donations. All donations are accepted, but the items that are needed the most are as follows:
Frozen turkeys or hams
Canned vegetables
Canned soups
Tomato sauce
Pasta
Bags or boxes of rice
Tuna fish
Peanut butter
Diapers
Infant formula
The semi-annual food drive has collected tons of food donations for the Food Bank of WNY, as well as over $15,000 in cash donations.
Do words kill?
That is the gist of the decision facing Massachusetts Judge Lawrence Moniz in a landmark manslaughter case against a young woman who urged her 18-year-old boyfriend to commit suicide.
Michelle Carter was a troubled 17-year-old high school student when she sent her depressed boyfriend, Conrad Roy III, a barrage of messages belittling him for not having the courage to kill himself. “You always say you're going to do it, but you never do,” she wrote.
Finally he did.
In July 2014, following her advice to “just park your car and sit there and it will take, like, 20 minutes,” Roy pumped carbon monoxide into the cab of his pickup truck in the parking lot of a Kmart. At one point, when he got out of the truck scared and already dizzy from inhaling the poison, Carter ordered him to go back in.
The judge began his deliberations on Wednesday and has said he would reach a decision shortly. Carter faces up to 20 years in prison if convicted of involuntary manslaughter.
It was an unusual trial, short and to the point, since Carter had waived her right to a jury. The proceedings in the Bristol Juvenile Court, which lasted only one week, were live-streamed throughout.
There is little dispute about the evidence in the case. The communications were preserved in the form of thousands of pages of screenshots of text messages that laid bare, typos and all, the raw emotions of the young couple. Both had a history of psychiatric illness. Roy had attempted suicide four times previously, and Carter had a history of anorexia and cutting herself.
They met during a vacation in Florida in 2012, and although they lived about an hour apart, their relationship took place mainly by text messages. They discussed the possibility of dying together in a “Romeo and Juliet” pact.
Carter sent Roy her research on various methods of committing suicide, including one in which he would rig a generator to the car to kill himself with carbon monoxide. When he had trouble finding the right generator, she offered other suggestions: “Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself IDK there are a lot of ways.”
Carter, now 20, a waif-like blond with furrowed eyebrows who appeared on the verge of tears throughout the trial, did not take the stand.
Instead, the defense relied heavily on the testimony of a controversial psychiatrist, Peter Breggin, a critic of the pharmaceutical industry and author of “Talking Back to Prozac.” He testified that Carter was “involuntarily intoxicated” and “enmeshed in delusion” by an antidepressant medication, Celexa, that she started taking a few months before Roy's death, and had convinced herself that Roy would be better off dead.
“You're finally going to be happy in heaven,” she texted him. “No more pain. No more bad thoughts and worries. You'll be free.”
Two years earlier, the defense argued, Carter had been urging Roy to get psychiatric help and begging him not to kill himself.
“You have so much to live for please don't,” she wrote to him on Facebook in 2012.
Defense attorney Joseph Cataldo argued, "Conrad Roy was on this path to take his own life for years,” he said. “It was Conrad Roy's idea to take his own life. It was not Michelle Carter's idea. This was a suicide, a sad and tragic suicide, but not a homicide.”
Prosecutors portrayed Carter as a manipulative and attention-hungry girlfriend who thought Roy's suicide would cast her in the role of the grieving girlfriend and enhance her social status at high school.
“The defendant needed something to get their attention,” Assistant Dist. Atty. Maryclare Flynn said during the trial's opening statements. “She used Conrad as a pawn in her sick game of life and death.''
Although testimony about the secret life of teenagers made for compelling and at times salacious listening, the underlying legal issues have implications for future cases about free speech and assisted suicide.
Unlike 40 other states, Massachusetts has no law against assisted suicide, and the prosecution appeared to go beyond the scope of the existing law, said Sharon Beckman, a law professor at Boston College.
“Before this case, the law says that a person is responsible for their own suicide,” Beckman said. “That is the default common law and applies no matter what the other person said or whether they handed them the weapon.”
The novelty of the case also lies in the fact that the defendant rarely saw the deceased and that most of their relationship had taken place in cyberspace.
“Back years ago, in order to have a relationship you had to actually see somebody — or at a minimum talk on the phone,” one of the prosecutors, Katie Rayburn, said during her closing argument.
“That is no longer required. People fall in love via the Internet and via text. People bully via text and the Internet. You can encourage someone to die via text, and you can commit a crime via text.”
In a Massachusetts Supreme Court decision last July upholding the state's right to try Carter, the court ruled that she was “virtually present” when Roy died.
Elsewhere, prosecutors have stumbled trying to bring convictions over suicides. Dharun Ravi, a Rutgers student, was convicted of bias intimidation, invasion of privacy and other crimes in 2012 after the suicide of his roommate whom he had recorded in a romantic encounter with another man. The case was thrown out on appeal, and he pleaded guilty to lesser charges.
In the case of a Missouri mother, Lori Drew, who set up a fake MySpace account that bullied a girl who later committed suicide, prosecutors decided not to bring charges against her in connection with the death. A 2008 conviction for computer fraud was later thrown out.
barbara.demick@latimes.com
Twitter: @BarbaraDemick
BEIJING, Aug 14 (APP): The national flag of Pakistan was unfurled at
Pakistan Embassy during an impressive ceremony held here on Monday to celebrate
Independence Day of Pakistan.
The flag hoisting ceremony began with recitation from the Holy Quran and
as Pakistan Ambassador to China, Masood Khalid hoisted the green and white flag, the
national anthem was played.
He also read out the messages of the prime minister and
president for the Independence Day.
In his address, Ambassador Khalid congratulated the Pakistani community
and said “Today when the Independence Day is celebrated and cherished, we realize and
take pride in being citizens of an independent country.”
Pakistan nation, he said is the champions of its own destiny and harbinger of a bright
future. Our ties with China have grown from strength to strength.
Ambassador Khalid said China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), a
flagship project of Belt and Road Initiative heralded prosperity for our future, adding, We
will fulfill the promise of a better future for the forthcoming generations, he added.
The national songs presented by students of Pakistan Embassy College
enthralled the audience.
All officers and staff of the Mission and the Consulate General along
with their families attended the ceremony.
Meanwhile, a cake-cutting ceremony was held to celebrate independence day
in a befitting manner at Consulate General of Pakistan Shanghai.
Consul General, Dr. Naeem Khan read out messages of President Mamnoon
Hussain and Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi on the occasion.
A large number of Pakistani community and businessmen attended the ceremony.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Tuesday he was expecting to hold a campaign rally in a European city next month ahead of June elections despite a ban by some Western countries on Turkish politicians campaigning abroad.
ISTANBUL: Turkey told a European rights body "to mind its own business" after it voiced concern on Tuesday over the freedom and fairness of Turkish snap elections and recommended they be postponed.
President Tayyip Erdoğan announced the June 24 parliamentary and presidential elections last week, saying Turkey needed to switch quickly to a new executive presidency system that was narrowly approved in a referendum last year.
The Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly (PACE) Monitoring Committee said the legitimacy of the elections was at stake after Turkey extended a state of emergency imposed following a failed military coup in mid-2016 and introduced a new electoral system last month.
The committee also expressed concern about what it said would be the possible presence of police forces in polling stations which "could have a deterrent effect on voters".
"All these factors combined seriously challenge the democratic nature of the elections," it said, calling on Turkish authorities to postpone the vote.
Turkey's Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, whose job will cease to exist once the new presidential system comes into effect after the election, rejected the comments, saying Turkey had held "hundreds of transparent, democratic elections, with turnout of over 85 percent".
Advertisement
Advertisement
"The Council of Europe parliament should mind its own business. They will not hold elections, Turkey will," he told reporters while on a visit to Spain.
The comments echoed the tensions over last year's referendum in Turkey on the new presidential powers, when some European countries prevented Turkish politicians from holding campaign rallies on their territories and expressed concern that the vote would nudge the country closer to authoritarian rule.
Government spokesman Bekir Bozdag also criticised the Council of Europe statement, calling it unacceptable and a "clear intervention in Turkey's internal affairs".
He accused the committee of double standards for not seeking a delay to last year's French presidential election, also held under a state of emergency imposed after the 2015 Paris attacks.
Erdoğan said on Tuesday he was planning to hold a campaign rally in a European city next month, despite fresh comments from Germany and Austria that they would prevent such a move.
"God willing, in May, we will hold our first meeting in a closed sports hall in Europe in a European country. All preparations are complete," Erdoğan said without identifying the country in a speech to members of his ruling AK party.
Ahead of last year's referendum, ministers travelled to countries with sizable Turkish communities, including the Netherlands and Germany, to rally support, but authorities prevented them from campaigning there, citing security concerns.
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz, who heads a right-wing coalition opposed to Turkey joining the European Union, said last week Erdoğan would be barred from "trying to exploit" Europe's Turkish communities.
Germany, home to about 3 million people of Turkish origin, says it will not allow foreign politicians to campaign on German territory ahead of elections.
"Our view is clear. In the three-month period before elections in a foreign country, no election campaigning will take place in Germany," German Foreign Minister Heiko Maas told reporters in Toronto, Canada.
(Reporting by Ali Kucukgocmen and Madeline Chambers; Writing by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Dominic Evans)
Rewriting our human rights laws will not keep us safe but will give the Prime Minister more power
To all those who Tweeted messages of love after the Manchester bomb.
To all those who posted Facebook messages of defiance after the London Bridge attack.
To all those who shared pictures of the Jewish woman praying with the Muslim man, and to those who clicked ‘like' on that video of the policeman dancing.
To those who spread about the Keep Calm and Carry On posters, and reminded everyone about London's ‘Blitz Spirit'. To those who Tweeted banter and funny hashtags about the things that make Londoners really afraid.
To those who offers a cup of tea or a bed for the night to anyone stranded in Southwark. To those who offered a lif home to the kids stuck in central Manchester. And to all those who shared these stories and these memes, whose heart was warmed by the idea that we have ‘more that unites us than that which divides us‘. To those who said, over and over, that we would not let a few murdering idiots affect our liberal values or our democratic way of life.
To all these people I ask: how do you feel about Theresa May's pathetic, ahistorical and opportunistic statement that she will weaken our human rights laws?
It is possible to be ‘Tough on Terror' with out messing with the basic rights that underpin a society. You can give the police and security services more resources, so they can hire more people and buy better equipment. You provide better help to the Muslim communities who are eager to expel the extremists in their midst. You can step up infiltration efforts. And you devise a better domestic policy, and a better foreign policy, that eradicates the conditions that extremism needs to grow.
But what you do not do is suspend habeus corpus and delay the right to a fair trial, as Tony Blair attempted to do after 7/7. Nor do you ignore conscience and human decency by condoning torture of suspects, as Mrs May did when (as Home Secretary) she embarked on her Quixotic attempt to deport Abu Qatada al-Filistini from 2010 to 2013.
And what you certainly do not do is tear up the Human Rights Act, a piece of legislation that (among other things) ensures that local councils, government agencies and the police cannot discriminate against LGBTQ people, short-change the elderly, or ignore people with disabilities.
It is possible to get rid of undesirable people in a manner that upholds human rights. When the Court of Appeal told Mrs May that she could not get rid of Abu Qatada while the shadow of torture still hung over his case, the British Government found another way. A treaty with Jordan ensured that Abu Qatada would not have evidence obtained through torture used against him. After that development, he was deported.
We should be ashamed that Theresa May was untroubled by the torture of criminal suspects. But we should take pride in the fact our current legal framework takes it seriously. Instead of compromising human rights, as Mrs May wished, the UK's opposition to torture was upheld… and we got rid of toxic hate preacher Abu Qatada in the end.
I know I'm weird, but reading the Court of Appeal decision on Abu Qatada (2013) makes me proud to be British and proud to be European https://t.co/4LqGnvxhlr — robertsharp59 (@robertsharp59) May 4, 2017
Theresa May's opposition to human rights laws have nothing to do with keeping us safe. She is hostile to the Human Rights Act and the European Convenion because these laws and treaties constrain her power. The idiotic Islamist murderers in Manchester and London have gleefully provided her with the excuse she needs to chip away at our long held protections.
In threatening to scrap human rights laws, our Prime Minister is following the classic script penned long ago by the authoritarians of history. Meanwhile, authoritarians of today—in places like China, Russia and Turkey—will be delighted at the way she is undermining British values: the very same values that the rest of us were Tweeting about this past weekend.
Signs on major roads indicate a research project that's testing Canada's first wireless vehicle applications is continuing on Edmonton streets.
Traffic signs were spotted Monday on the Anthony Henday west at Whitemud Drive heading north as well as the Anthony Henday west just before Stony Plan Road southbound.
READ MORE: Edmonton roads to serve as lab for wireless vehicle technology testing
Launched in 2014, the three-year initiative is a partnership between the University of Alberta and the University of British Columbia, along with the governments of Edmonton, Alberta and Canada.
READ MORE: Alberta first province in Canada to launch crowd-sourced traffic app
In September 2016, Edmonton learned more details about how its roads would be used to test the technology.
The ACTIVE-AURORA project utilises connected vehicles with wireless mobile devices that are present in a car or a truck to exchange information in real-time with roadside equipment like traffic lights or message signs, as well as with other vehicles. For example, researchers will be able to test systems that would let a driver know that a collision has happened ahead, or that traffic is slowing after the next exit.
This information could be used to improve traffic flow and road safety.
WATCH: School zone alerts on AMA Road Reporter app
Connected vehicle applications currently being tested on Edmonton roads include pedestrian alert; notification of unsafe speed approaching a curve; warning for following a vehicle too closely; notification of high-collision locations; notification of recommended driving speed for different traffic conditions; and notification of whether a vehicle can safely pass through a green light before it turns red. Information will only be collected from volunteer test vehicles during this pilot project.
The far-reaching, sometimes deadly consequences one bad decision can have in the life of a teen were demonstrated in a reenactment event at La Cañada High School that began Thursday with fatal car crash and culminated Friday in a schoolwide funeral.
Giving high schoolers a front-row seat to the perils of drinking and driving, and the exhaustive public safety resources employed in responding to alcohol-related collisions, the biennial Every 15 Minutes program once again hit its mark as students sat spellbound before an unfolding tragedy.
Before the crash, student participants from diverse social groups were taken from their classes by a Grim Reaper figure in 15-minute intervals — a reference to the National Highway Traffic Assn. statistic that prevailed in 1995, the program's inaugural year, that one person dies from an alcohol-impaired driving fatality every 15 minutes.
Join the conversation on Facebook »
The federal agency adjusted that figure in 2012 to one death every 51 minutes, or about 10,000 deaths annually, but schools operating with grants from the CHP and the California Office of Traffic Safety keep the original title.
The “living dead” students hovered silently near the Oak Grove Avenue collision as firefighters used the jaws of life to disassemble one car and paramedics attended to victims.
“We hope to make an impression that will stay with them,” said LCHS assistant principal and organizer Mary Hazlett. “So that when they're in a situation and they need to make a choice, this will flash back to them and create a pause.”
While some admitted being struck by the brutality of the simulated crash, LCHS seniors Jessica Murao and Holly Miller protested the event. Arriving in their own bloody makeup, they said they found the theatrics of Every 15 Minutes insulting to those who've lost a loved one in real life.
“It isn't fair for them to not give warning that if you've lost someone, you don't have to come to the assembly,” said Murao.
Miller said the death of father Tom Miller in 2006 from a heart attack forever changed her. Seeing death on display at school seemed to trivialize her experience.
“I understand [drunk driving] is a problem that needs to be solved, but if you do it in this way people aren't going to take it seriously,” she said. “If you're going to do this, do real stuff. Tell real stories.”
On Friday a “funeral” assembly for the student victims and their families featured somber eulogies and a guest speaker with real story to share.
Burbank resident Mohamed Hariri — whose 19-year-old sister, Malak, died on Sept. 28, 2013 along with four other teens when the vehicle her drunk friend was driving careened into a guard rail and caught fire — told students how he turned his grief into advocacy.
Today, as a volunteer with the Southern California Chapter of Mothers Against Drunk Driving, Hariri is determined to stop drunk driving.
That's a message newly appointed Crescenta Valley Sheriff Station Capt. Chris Blasnek, who attended Thursday simulation, hopes Every 15 Minutes conveys to students.
“As startling as it is, sometimes it's the only way we can get through to them,” he said. “If this can stop one student from driving under the influence, then we've made a difference.”
sara.cardine@latimes.com
Twitter: @SaraCardine
Four candidates from Guelph will meet for a debate live on 1460 CJOY Thursday morning to discuss various issues surrounding the Royal City.
The discussion leading up to the Ontario election begins at 10 a.m. and will be heard on the radio, online at 1460 CJOY's website and on Facebook Live.
Residents are also welcome to attend the debate, which will be held at the University of Guelph's War Memorial Hall at the corner of College Avenue and Gordon Street.
READ MORE: Ontario election 2018: Guelph riding
“This debate will allow our listeners to get a clear grasp of what each candidate represents and their plans for Guelph,” said Darren Baxter, 1460 CJOY's news director and moderator of the debate.
“The ability to have the debate on the radio, online and on Facebook Live will give residents who can't make it out to the campus on Thursday morning a chance to hear from the candidates.”
The discussion will feature Liberal Sly Castaldi, New Democrat Aggie Mlynarz, Progressive Conservative Ray Ferraro and Green Party Leader Mike Schreiner.
Voters go to the polls on June 7.
A steady build in the US rig count propelled investor appetite for Weir Group (LSE: WEIR) to levels not seen since November 2014 late last month.
But signs that North American producers are returning en masse has not been the sole reason for Weir's move higher, the stock's value more than doubling during the past 12 months.
Investors have been buoyed by the prospect of the pump-builder's earnings finally increasing after a possible four years of sizeable declines. Indeed, the City expects Weir to follow a 19% dip in 2016 with bounces of 34% and 23% this year and next.
But I believe hopes of a sustained earnings recovery are far from assured. Sure, while latest Baker Hughes rig data showed the number of US oil rigs rising for 14 out of the past 15 weeks, a competitive market means that Weir still has much hard work in front of it.
The engineer recently noted that “volume growth [during July-September] was offset by sustained pricing pressure which, combined with the division's focus on reducing inventory and maximising cash generation, restricted flow through to profits.”
Meanwhile, hopes that Brent can maintain its push above the $50 per barrel marker are built on shaky ground as rising pumping activity Stateside, and lower-than-anticipated oil demand, keep stockpiles generously filled. And this threatens to keep capex budgets across the industry under pressure for some time yet, and with it sales of Weir's services.
There clearly remains much uncertainty around its turnaround prospects, and I do not believe this is reflected in the stock's forward P/E ratio of 23.8 times. And with the firm also carrying a below-par dividend yield of 2.2% for 2017, I reckon the pump play is far too expensive around current levels.
Shop elsewhere
Market appetite for Ocado Group (LSE: OCDO) has been much more muted as concerns over congestion in the grocery space rage. Despite a lack of buoyant buying activity however, the retailer still appears chronically overvalued in my opinion.
The number crunchers expect Ocado to follow a marginal earnings dip in the year to November 2016 with an eye-watering 24% drop in the current period. This results in a gargantuan P/E rating of 174.8 times.
And a prospective dividend yield of 0.1% really fails to cut the mustard.
Some would argue that a predicted 77% earnings surge in fiscal 2018, and the prospect of further meaty earnings growth in the years ahead, makes Ocado worthy of such a premium. But I am convinced the intense competition as both premium and discount chains expand, and more recent resurgence of established operators like Tesco, puts hopes of sustained bottom-line expansion in severe jeopardy.
Ocado is likely to have to keep on chucking vast sums at improving its services, not to mention slashing the prices of its goods, to stop the top line from stalling. I reckon the increasing fragmentation of the British grocery space makes the company an extremely high-risk pick, and particularly unattractive at current share prices.
This tip could make you rich
But don't let Ocado and Weir dent your investment appetite. There are plenty of London-quoted lovelies waiting to generate stunning returns for shrewd investors, after all. For instance, The Motley Fool's A Top Growth Share wealth report identifies a brilliant FTSE 250 stock with a terrific track record of earnings growth, and whose ambitious expansion scheme should continue to power profits through the roof. Click here to enjoy this exclusive wealth report. It's 100% free and comes with no obligation.
The Border Valley Sno Goers are preparing for another snowmobiling season. Border Valley Sno Goers president Vern Wieler is one of the few remaining members who started the club in 1994.
He said the club was started by ten people who signed for a loan to buy a small bombardier groomer.
To support the club, they sell memberships and create a yearly trail map that is sponsored by local businesses.
The club covers a wide range of territory.
"Border Valley Sno-Goers is a snowmobile club that basically extends from Morden east right to the Red River, Morris, St. Jean, Letellier, Emerson and then down the U.S border until kind of straight south of Winkler," said Wieler.
Wieler noted the main objective of the club is snowmobile safety. The club works to set up markers and groom the trails for a safe snowmobiling season.
"We got a rider out here," said Wieler. "We need to have safe snowmobiling."
The trail marking code is dictated by Snoman of Manitoba, the club's governing body.
"It's probably marked almost better than some highways are marked already, as far as stops, cautions, dangers, stuff like that," Wieler said.
Wieler said that snowmobile related accidents has lessened drastically since the club was formed.
"That's what we're after," he said.
Wieler also cautions people to drive responsibly, noting it is tempting to drive faster as snowmobiles become better.
"Nowadays with the new technology snowmobiles that are out there, the ride and the handling is so phenomenal," said Wieler. "You just tend to want to go faster sometimes and that's how a guy over-rides and gets into trouble."
Wieler also encourages members to join his club, and hopes it will continue for a long time.
"I have a passion for snowmobiling and I have a passion for this club," he said. "We need to keep it going."
As riders use the trails, Wieler said he would appreciate hearing from snowmobilers if there are rough sections on the trail, or if anything else is of concern.
Wieler said they are always looking for volunteers. If you would like to volunteer or become a member, information can be found on the Sno Goers website.
Gagné said Element AI's goal is to create a Canadian publicly listed company that brings AI capabilities to traditional industries, such as manufacturing and financial services.
The financing, which comes eight months after Element AI launched, is expected to create 250 jobs in Toronto and Asia by January, CEO Jean-François Gagné said.
A Montreal startup said Thursday it is getting about $135 million from Microsoft, Intel and several other investors to fund the company's goal of becoming a leader in artificial intelligence (AI), an industry seen as becoming an increasingly important part of the Canadian economy.
As an example, Gagné said AI can use vast amounts of data from sophisticated cameras and sensors to make robotic manufacturing more aware of its surroundings and easier to adapt to changes.
“Which means that you can then personalize and adapt products faster and cheaper. We're pretty excited about what's going to happen there,” Gagné said.
“As they depend and run their business more and more on artificial intelligence, that advantage will become a key critical factor of their success in the market in the very near future.”
The financing, led by the Data Collective venture capital fund, also comes from National Bank, Business Development Bank of Canada and Fidelity Investments Canada.
Gagné credits California-based Data Collective with helping Element AI line up tech-savvy investors such as South Korean conglomerate Hanwha Investment and Nvidia, a major U.S.-based supplier of computer visual processor chips.
“These guys are unlocking for us a global market and are going to enable us to be taken seriously in all these other areas.”
Confidentiality agreements prevent Element AI from saying how much it received from each investor or how much of the total equity was purchased by the new investors.
Gagne co-founded Element AI in October with fellow entrepreneur Nicolas Chapados, the Real Ventures fund and Yoshua Bengio, an AI pioneer and professor at the Université de Montréal. Bengio is part of a team of more than 20 professors at all of Canada's major artificial intelligence labs that are collaborating with Element AI.
The company employs more than 100 workers, Gagné said.
BAGHDAD: French President Francois Hollande arrived in Baghdad Monday (Jan 2) to meet the French forces helping Iraq in the fight against the Islamic State group and to hold talks with top officials.
Hollande had already visited in 2014 and remains the most prominent head of state to come to Iraq since the launch two and half years ago of a US-led coalition against the militants.
The French president, who is travelling with Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian, will also stop in the autonomous northern region of Kurdistan during his one-day visit.
France is the second contributor to the US-led coalition that has carried out thousands of air strikes against IS in Iraq and Syria and provided military equipment, training and advice to Iraqi forces.
Iraqi forces completely collapsed when IS jihadists took over second city Mosul in June 2014 and swept across much of the country's Sunni Arab heartland.
The jihadists then gained more territory in August 2014, forcing hundreds of thousands of people to flee from areas that had been controlled by the Kurdish peshmerga forces.
Since it joined the United States in the coalition in September 2014, French aircraft have conducted 5,700 sorties, around 1,000 strikes and destroyed more than 1,700 targets, according to defence ministry figures.
France has 14 Rafale fighter jets that are stationed in Jordan and the United Arab Emirates and taking part in coalition operations.
It also has 500 soldiers training and advising elite Iraqi forces and CAESAR artillery vehicles stationed south of Mosul to provide support for ongoing operations to retake the city.
Australia, Italy and Britain are also part of the 60-member coalition supporting Iraq's efforts against IS.
Sanju: Anushka Sharma's character is derived from writer Abhijat Joshi and I, reveals Rajkumar Hirani
The mystery around actress Anushka Sharma's role in Sanju was unravelled as director Rajkumar Hirani revealed that her character as a biographer is modelled on himself and Abhijat Joshi, who have co-written the film.
At the film's trailer launch in Mumbai on 30 May, Hirani told the media: "To showcase a biopic like this, you have to compress few parts into one. Similarly, Anushka Sharma's character is derived from myself and Abhijat. She is playing a biographer from London, and she comes to India. Sanjay wants her to write a book on him whereas she doesn't want to.
"We were also skeptical at first whether we should do this character or not. So basically she is us, but not as a filmmaker... (as) a biographer."
The actress sports a messy, curly hair avatar in the movie, which talks about the ups and downs in the life of actor Sanjay Dutt. Ranbir Kapoor plays the central character in the film, which will release on 29 June.
Updated Date: May 31, 2018 08:38 AM
More traffic could be on the horizon for Montreal drivers as construction on the Turcot Interchange intensifies until 2019.
READ MORE: A Turcot nightmare coming soon for Montreal commuters
Some of the reconfiguration and closures include:
Closure of the Lucien l'Allier and Fort Street entrances to the A-720 West.
Traffic on the westbound A-720 after the Ville-Marie tunnel will be diverted to Route 136 West.
Closure of the westbound Saint-Jacques exit.
Closure of the exit from A-720 West to Decarie South.
READ MORE: Major road closures to limit access to downtown Montreal
“This, as advertised, is the most critical, complicated phase of the Turcot construction,” Rick Leckner, traffic analyst, said.
Get ready Montreal drivers, Monday morning has brought one of the most difficult construction periods of the @MTQ_Turcot. A reconfiguration of the Interchange has taken place and many closures will last until 2019. @Global_Montreal pic.twitter.com/n7EVmtBnpG — Matt Grillo (@MGrilloGlobal) December 11, 2017
Transports Quebec is asking commuters to avoid the Turcot Interchange or use public transit.
READ MORE: New phase of Turcot work leads to long-term road closures
“We know that it is going to be complicated, especially for the rush hour and the afternoon rush hour,” Sarah Bensadoun, Transports Quebec spokesperson, said.
“We are perfectly aware of the impact that the type of work that we're conducting has on road users.”
Are foreigners pushing up property prices in Johor? Political economist Khor Yu Leng says the data shows domestic factors are also at play.
KUALA LUMPUR: We know that about a quarter million Singaporeans visit Johor each week, thanks to newly available data about cross-border traffic. No doubt many make the trip to visit a favourite restaurant, shop or stay over a weekend vacation.
READ: A commentary on the impact of Johor-Singapore tolls.
Yet more Singaporeans are said to be also buying up Johor property.
No surprise seeing that Johor's residential property market has seen an uptick in demand in recent years, fuelled by strong demand, and amid strong Malaysian economic growth.
A list of giant residential complexes are set to dot the Johor landscape – including the iconic Forest City, Suasana Iskandar Malaysia and Shama Medini in Nusajaya.
Despite a general climate of positive exuberance, to most Malaysians, a perennial reason for pushing up Johor property values and the cost of everyday goods and services remains Singaporeans who venture across the Second Link and Causeway frequently - and have found Johor to be a suitable second home.
Advertisement
Advertisement
An annual survey by the ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute of Johor residents since 2013 reports that over 40 per cent blame Singaporeans for a higher cost of living. More than 70 per cent think that Singaporeans make property unaffordable for locals, and about 80 per cent agree that limiting the sales of properties is a good move.
Yet a simplistic blame-the-Singaporean game is over-stated. The data and a wider reading of the issue suggests strong domestic forces at play.
Cars entering Malaysia at the Johor CIQ complex.
HIGHLY SEGMENTED PROPERTY MARKET
Bank Negara Malaysia reports that average Malaysia house prices have increased faster than average incomes since the Global Financial Crisis.
Since 2014, affordable housing has become a prominent issue in Malaysia. There has been a push to build affordable homes and tighten measures against property purchases by foreigners. Among measures imposed include a real property gains tax and a nationwide minimum threshold on residential properties available for purchase by foreigners of RM1 million (S$338,000).
However, Johor has exempted Medini and Forest City properties - and it would be prudent to use a lower threshold such as RM500,000 to analyse changes in the property market, as a proxy to how many properties may have been purchased by foreigners.
Johor has seen a property boom with per square foot prices in some enclaves reaching Kuala Lumpur city centre levels. Yet, it has also witnessed a major slowdown with a marked drop in transaction volume and property value since 2017.
In 3Q2017, there were 6,129 residential property transactions, with only 17 per cent above RM500,000 (slightly down from 18.4 per cent in 3Q2016).
If we combine residential and commercial properties, including small office, home officer and serviced apartments, there were 6,920 transactions but only 20 per cent above RM500,000.
In terms of affordability, Johor Bahru's figures look somewhat comparable to the rest of Malaysia with the median house price to the median annual income ratio stands at 5.1x, although this is higher than Bank Negara Malaysia's reported 2014 median house prices in Malaysia which were 4.4x the median annual income.
In comparison, Selangor stands at 4.0x, Johor at 4.2x, and Penang at 5.2x.
Kuala Lumpur City and urban Selangor (Shah Alam, Subang Jaya, Petaling Jaya) are higher at 6.0x plus. Georgetown in Penang was the worst with prices at 10.4x.
Penang's George Town Festival. (Photo: George Town Festival)
WHO'S BUYING?
Singaporeans are not the foreigners that buy up most of Malaysia's properties.
The Malaysia My Second Home (MM2H) programme, an international residency scheme that permits foreigners to reside in Malaysia on a long-stay visa of up to 10 years, reports about 3,200 successful applicants each year Malaysia-wide.
Assuming each buys their own place, only around 1.1 per cent of new housing and commercial units across Malaysia each year are sold foreigners seeking a residency permit.
Most who have signed onto the programme come mostly from China (28 per cent), Japan (12 per cent), Bangladesh (11 per cent), United Kingdom (7 per cent), and Korea (4 per cent).
Singapore buyers only make up 3.8 per cent of the total over a 15-year period leading to August 2017.
Of course there would be Singapore and other foreign buyers who invest in Malaysian property while not seeking to apply for MM2H status. So it is surprising to find that the Inland Revenue Board's (IRB) stamp duties system reports a ratio of 0.3 to 0.7 per cent sold to foreigners each year in recent years.
Averaging MM2H and IRB data, about 0.85 per cent of property sales in Malaysia are to foreigners.
An artist's impression of Bandar Malaysia.
While Johor seems to have drawn disproportionate foreign buyer interest with 10.8 per cent of Johor properties sold to foreigners in recent years, Penang Institute concludes that “Chinese investments in Southern Johor have split the property development into a high-end market with excess supply targeted at foreigners as buyers, and a lower-tier market driven by local developers targeting mostly local buyers”.
LARGE-SCALE CHINESE PROJECTS HAVE TRANSFORMED JOHOR'S HIGH-END PROPERTY SEGMENT
Johor earlier targeted Singapore property buyers via its Iskandar Malaysia project - especially after the 2010 land swap deals.
Indeed, Singapore has been the top investor in the so-called economic corridor and Singaporeans are regarded to have contributed to the investment property price spike from 2011 to 2013, though in concert with investors from other parts of Malaysia buying into the Iskandar-Singapore story.
But the property sector has evolved to feature bigger-than-life projects by China developers, largely marketing properties to China buyers in anticipation of improved transport links with Singapore.
Indeed, it was very recently announced that the Johor Bahru-Singapore Rapid Transit System Link will be launched by December 2024, with the ability to carry 10,000 passengers per hour per direction and only requiring passengers to clear customs only once.
Many eyes have been on Forest City, probably the most ambitious property project in all Malaysia. Built on recently reclaimed islands, this is in a special status zone in Johor without a minimum threshold for foreign buyers.
It is widely reported that its units were marketed with a residency permit, but its sales have yet to affect the MM2H data trend – which has stayed largely flat for the last five years since 2012.
Artist's impression of the train platforms at the RTS Link Woodlands North Station. (Image: LTA)
By mid-2017, Forest City (with units starting at just over RM200,000) reported that 99 per cent of its over 5,000 units sold went to foreigners, most likely from China. Yet, demand has been tempered since 2017 when capital controls on outflows imposed by Chinese authorities gave Chinese investors less liquidity to spend on Malaysian property.
STRESS EASING
While Malaysian news coverage tend to focus on foreign purchases in the property market, prices and gluts in key property enclaves, there has been less attention on housing affordability across the rest of Johor.
Examining mean household incomes and average residential property transactions prices, a review of district-level data gives some insights into areas where Johor voters may be feeling more or less angst in the run up to the 14th General Election due this year.
The most unaffordable properties are in Johor Bahru and Kota Tinggi (4.3x and almost 4.0x although more distant from the big foreign property projects). Mersing and Segamat present more affordable housing (2.9x and 2.6x).
Rising incomes and a drop in residential unit transacted values have improved affordability indicators in Batu Pahat, Kota Tinggi and Pontian, but increased transaction prices in Mersing and Muar point to eroding affordability.
No surprise, there is also a loose negative relationship between unaffordable house prices and the rate of home ownership. Some 70 per cent of Johor Bahru households own their place compared to 87 per cent in Segamat.
A view of the causeway bordering Malaysia's southern state of Johor Baru. (Photo: AFP)
DON'T LAY BLAME ON SINGAPOREANS
In summary, it is surprisingly hard to lay the blame on Singapore visitors. First of all, the data is surprisingly scant and inconsistent.
Significantly, there are various forces at play, including the arrival of other groups of well-heeled investors. Singapore's prominence as Johor property buyers seems to be eclipsed by those from China.
In addition, Johor residents seem reasonably insulated from the property enclave boom-glut dynamics targeted at foreigners but they are not immune to domestic-driven affordability problems.
Since the Global Financial Crisis, residential prices have outpaced incomes, but the property slowdown and recent falling residential transaction values suggest improvements in some Johor districts.
Overall, the data suggests that the impact of foreign buyers is somewhat contained. Johor residents worried about property prices should also be concerned about domestic income growth, long-term planning, housing policy and interest rates – as should Johor politicians campaigning in the 14th General Elections.
Khor Yu Leng is political economist at Segi Enam Advisors.
President Donald Trump will meet with the families of the victims of a Texas school shooting during a visit to the state Thursday.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement at the White House briefing Wednesday.
Eight students and two substitute teachers were killed during the shooting at Santa Fe High School on May 18.
The president will travel to Houston and Dallas on Thursday.
Developers' enthusiasm for sharing code saves their colleagues' time, but also means they share security bugs they haven't noticed. And that means a smart attacker could follow who's shared what with whom to trawl the Web for vulnerabilities.
That sobering idea comes from a group of German researchers with help from Trend Micro. Their straightforward reasoning: if they were able to find recurrent Web application vulnerabilities in reused code snippets, it won't be difficult for black hats to do the same.
The researchers looked at more than 64,000 Web applications and conclude that “adversary with access to a standard PC and a DSL broadband connection can leverage our techniques to efficiently discover recurring vulnerabilities in web application code”.
Among a group of 30 popular tutorials, the researchers said, nine contained vulnerable code: six had SQL injection errors, and there were three tutorials with XSS errors.
Here's a treat, for example: both SQL injection at line 6, and and XSS in lines 11 and 12, in one snippet:
1 0){ 10 while($row=mysql_fetch_array($result)){ 11 echo "$row[post_title] 12 $row[guid]"; 13 } 14 }else{ 15 echo "No Tutorial Found 16 } 17 // ajax search 18 ?>
The question is, how to gather data automatically?
The researchers created a GitHub crawler, GithubSpider, and an analytical tool CADetector.
Of the projects the researchers examined, more than 6,300 counted as popular with ten stars; 16,000-plus with four to nine stars; and 42,000 unpopular projects (three stars or less).
The 117 code snippets the researches found might not sound like many, but these are likely repeated all over the Internet – meaning that black-hats would also be able to use the buggy code to bootstrap a widespread trawl of Web applications for vulnerabilities they inherited from tutorials.
“Our study finds disconcerting evidence of insufficiently reviewed tutorials compromising the security of open-source projects. Moreover, our findings testify to the feasibility of large-scale vulnerability discovery using poorly written tutorials as a starting point”, they write.
The paper's authors are Tommi Unruh, Bhargava Shastry and Jean-Pierre Seifert of the Technical University, Berlin; Malte Skoruppa of Saarland University; Trend Micro's Federico Maggi, and Konrad Rieck and Fabian Yamaguchi of the Technical University of Braunschweig. ®
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_mobile', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '2466', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "18","recurring_event": "1782","competition": "475","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")]) : {"site": "www.eurosport.ru","position": "top","page": "live","sport": "18","recurring_event": "1782","competition": "475","sponso": "on","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.eurosport.ru_other_top_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_top_desktop_sponso_on","other_top_tablet_sponso_on","other_top_mobile_sponso_on")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Nestle will respond in the coming days to a research report that accused the world's largest food company of putting profit before science.
The report by the Changing Markets Foundation said Nestle has many inconsistencies across its world-leading range of infant formula products and casts doubt on the credibility of some of its health claims.
“The report raises important points, which we want to assess in detail,” a Nestle spokesman said. “We will respond to the concerns and recommendations of the report in the coming days.”
The report said it looked at the infant milk products Nestle sells for babies under 12 months old in 40 different countries, comparing the marketing claims and ingredients in more than 70 products.
The report comes against the backdrop of an unrelated baby milk health scare involving France's Lactalis. (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by David Goodman)
Dänna Wilberg reflects on her KVIE VIP concert experience with Johnny Mathis:
From the moment Johnny Mathis walked on stage, until the last note was sung, the audience at Sacramento's Community Center Theater remained enchanted by his stellar performance. At 82 years old, Mathis still makes the ladies swoon with his classy good looks and distinctive, velvety voice.
The multi Grammy Hall of Fame inductee received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in 2003, and was inducted into the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame on June 21, 2014. Mathis' singing and story-telling supersedes many others, making him the third highest selling recording artist in the 20th century.
Those familiar with Mathis's repertoire waited with baited breath for their favorite tune. From “Chances Are,” to “Wonderful, Wonderful,” “The Twelve of Never,” “Gina,” and “Misty,” the legendary singer continued to delight the crowd, stirring precious memories with ballads sung during his 60-year career. Among these fans were KVIE supporters who had viewed the Johnny Mathis: Wonderful, Wonderful! concert on TV, but wanted to experience more. Their excitement was contagious.
Mathis shared his love for golf, memorable visits with friends, and expounded on his long-time working relationship with the late Henry Mancini. He sang personal favorites written by Mancini, followed by an intimate performance with guitarist Gil Reigers. “Ninety-nine Miles From L.A.” earned a well-deserved ovation, along with the Brazilian hit, “Mas Que Nada”. Shoulders shook, feet tapped, and smiles filled the room as Johnny launched into his finale. When the show ended, people rose to their feet clamoring for more. Johnny graciously sang one last song to fill their hearts and send them on their way.
Afterwards, KVIE's VIP pass holders were escorted backstage for another incredible and memorable experience, a meet and greet with the legend himself. As the group lined up, Johnny came bouncing out of the Green Room's double doors into the reception area as if the night had just begun. His energy and love for his fans never waned. Each person had the opportunity to say “hello” and get their photo taken with Johnny, making for a surreal ending to a perfect night.
Dänna Wilberg
KVIE supporter and volunteer
Guest post: Dänna Wilberg on her KVIE VIP experience with Johnny Mathis
Father's Day is only a few days away, and if you have not made plans for that special meal with your main man, here are some worthy options.
SINGAPORE: Mother's Day usually gets most of the attention, but dad probably had some role in bringing up a responsible kid like you too. Why not show him your gratitude with a special treat this Father's Day? He will certainly appreciate your thoughtfulness.
GINETTE RESTAURANT & WINE BAR
Ginette Restaurant & Wine Bar serves French bistro classics and if you book a table for four or more, you'll also enjoy a free bottle of sparkling wine. (Photo: Ginette Restaurant & Wine Bar/ G Hotel)
Father's Day is affordable at Ginette Restaurant & Wine Bar. The three-course Father's Day menu ($25) features hearty French bistro classics such as pumpkin and truffle soup, pan-seared seabass or red wine beef stew, and a lemon or tea tart. Book a table for four or more, and you'll enjoy a free bottle of sparkling wine.
Hotel G Singapore, 200 Middle Road. Tel: 6809 7989
Advertisement
Advertisement
CUT BY WOLFGANG PUCK
Indulge your father in a special five-course dinner menu with whisky pairing from the restaurant's private reserve collection. (Photo: Cut by Wolfgang Puck)
If you'd rather splurge, this swanky steakhouse is offering a five-course dinner with whisky pairing ($300 per person), which includes dishes such as big eye tuna tartare, American wagyu New York sirloin from the reputable Snake River Farm, and Bourbon Chocolate Chiffon. These are paired with the restaurant's private reserve whiskeys and a couple of rare labels the likes of Hakashu Distiller's Reserve and Nikka ‘From The Barrel'.
B1-71, Galleria Level, The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands. Tel: 6688 8517
CARNIVORE BRAZILIAN CHURRASCARIA
This churrascaria's buffet features meats like picanha (beef rump cap), short ribs, boneless leg of lamb, chicken hearts, thighs and more. (Photo: Carnivore Brazilian Churrascaria)
If your dad's a total meat head, take him to this churrascaria's lunch ($44) or dinner ($59) buffet that features an endless supply of meats like picanha (beef rump cap), short ribs, boneless leg of lamb, and chicken hearts, thighs and their ilk. The waiters keep the meat coming, slicing them straight off a hot metal skewer onto your plates. For something a little lighter, the buffet comes with a seasonal salad bar.
L1-80, Bay Level, The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands. Tel: 6688 7429
THE FULLERTON HOTEL SINGAPORE
If your father enjoys Chinese cuisine, Jade has a special six-course set dinner menu as well as a Father's Day weekend dim sum brunch buffet for you to choose from. (Photo: Jade/The Fullerton Hotel Singapore)
There is plenty to keep dad happy at this grand hotel and national monument. At the newly renovated Chinese restaurant Jade, Dad eats free when two or more order the six-course set dinner menu, which includes dishes such as roasted Peking duck, braised seafood in superior broth with Chinese wine, and stewed marble goby with mushrooms.
The 34-station buffet at Town Restaurant will certainly satisfy any of your father's craving. (Photo: Town Restaurant/ The Fullerton Hotel Singapore)
At Town Restaurant, a 34-station buffet serves up everything from slow-roasted prime rib eye and dim sum, to Sumatra-style braised wagyu beef rendang, alongside Japanese, Singaporean, and Indian fare. The buffet dinner is priced at $69 and Dad eats free with two paying guests.
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, 1 Fullerton Square. Tel: 6733 8388
THE CLIFFORD PIER
The Clifford Pier is now a sumptuous dining destination best known for its Heritage Afternoon Tea. (Photo: The Clifford Pier)
High tea will be a nostalgic affair for Singaporean dads at this gorgeous restaurant overlooking the water. Once the landing point for people coming to Singapore by boat, Clifford Pier is now a sumptuous dining destination best known for its Heritage Afternoon Tea. On the menu of free-flow food as well as coffee and tea are exquisite morsels of Singapore's best-loved dishes such as kurobuta kong bak bao, pandan Swiss roll, and chilli crab bao. The Heritage Afternoon Tea set is priced at $49 and Dad dines for free with two paying adults.
The Clifford Pier, 80 Collyer Quay. Tel: 6333 8388
RELISH.SG'S FATHER'S DAY FIESTA
On Father's Day, this private dining outfit by Dr Rose Sivam and her husband Christopher Choo will feature some of their signature dishes such as this Moroccan lamb tagine. (Photo: Relish.sg)
This private dining outfit run by Dr Rose Sivam and her husband Christopher Choo always promises dinner and entertainment at their lovely home in Serangoon North Avenue 1. This Father's Day, Choo will whip up his “greatest hits” for dinner, such as French lamb stew, Moroccan lamb tagine, Spanish meatballs in brandy, and vegetarian keema. While guests nosh on the robust fare, DJ dads Andrew Lim and Gerald Wong from Symphony FM92.4 will croon theatre hits. Don't be surprised if a few famous guest performers show up. Rose is a producer who has worked on numerous shows, the most famous being Mediacorp TV series Phua Chu Kang, so her celebrity friends are always dropping in. Tickets at $68 per person. To book, call 9793 1821.
Andres Iniesta has received an apology from France Football for never awarding the Barcelona midfielder the prestigious Ballon d'Or.
BARCELONA: Andres Iniesta has received an apology from France Football for never awarding the Barcelona midfielder the prestigious Ballon d'Or.
The Ballon d'Or, awarded annually to the world's best player, provokes endless debate among football fans and pundits each year.
The weekly French magazine published an editorial on Tuesday in tribute to Spain international Iniesta, who is this week expected to announce his departure from Barcelona after a trophy-laden 16 years in order to move to China.
The article effusively praised Iniesta's style of play and the positive effect he has had on his teammates including Lionel Messi, and expressed regret that he has never won the award, which has been monopolised by Messi and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo since 2008.
"Of all the absences on the list of Ballon d'Or winners, his is particularly painful," the magazine's editor Pascal Ferre said in the article. "Unless he can have an opportune campaign at the World Cup in Russia and repair this democratic anomaly."
Iniesta was one of the favourites to win the award in 2010 after winning the World Cup with Spain and scoring the only goal in the final, but he finished runner-up to Messi.
Advertisement
Advertisement
He came third in 2012, with Messi winning the award again, despite being named player of the tournament as Spain won Euro 2012.
The Ballon d'Or was established by France Football in 1956. For the majority of its existence it has been chosen by votes from a group of international journalists, although between 2009 and 2015 it joined forces was FIFA and was also chosen by the captain and coach of each member nation.
(Editing by Toby Davis)
MTV has introduced its latest spinoff to the popular Teen Mom franchise, this one is called Teen Mom: Young and Pregnant, which introduces viewers to a whole new cast of moms, including their families and boyfriends. One of these women is Jade, whose troubled family relationships will be a big part of her story. So who is Jade dating on Teen Mom: Young and Pregnant? The show introduces the audience to her boyfriend Sean, who seems honestly pretty excited about the whole being a dad thing.
In the full official description, Jade is described as having an unstable relationship with her parents, and being used to taking care of them. Now that she's pregnant, she's hoping her parents can step up and help her take care of her new baby alongside her boyfriend, Sean. Though Jade and Sean appear to have a great relationship, Jade's mom doesn't appear to be fully on board with the relationship judging by her "Meet Jade" segment. In the video, Jade's mom described Sean as a nice guy for someone else's daughter, citing his lack of employment and ambition as a reason for her disapproval. Jade responded to this by saying that her mom doesn't have a job or ambition for herself.
MTV on YouTube
In the same video, Sean described Jade as the kind of person who "isn't afraid to tell you how she feels." He is also clearly ready to step up and be a dad. Jade described how upset she was when she first found out she was pregnant, contrasted with Sean who was excited. "I really do want nothing more than to have a family," Sean said. "Not with just anybody but with Jade." So at the very least it definitely looks like this couple loves each other and are getting ready to start their new family.
As far as whether the two are still together now after the show has started airing and their little daughter Kloie has been born, that's a little more difficult to discern. It looks like Jade deleted her old Instagram account and started a new one. This account is pretty much exclusively devoted to pictures of her baby daughter with the occasional mirror selfie or promotions for the show. Sean is nowhere to be seen on at least this form of social media. Looking to her Twitter is much the same.
Though Jade appears very active on Twitter, most of her tweets revolve around her baby, which is kind of to be expected honestly. She has, however, posted a couple of things about Sean recently, so I feel comfortable saying the couple are most likely still together. At the very least I hope they're still together since I love a love story and from the looks of Jade's rocky relationship with her parents, she could use a solid support system from her baby's father. So you know, fingers crossed.
MTV on YouTube
The show has already shown how Jade has to deal with a difficult relationship with her mom and dad. For example in one clip Jade explains how stressed she's been after finding out her father failed a drug test and was fired from his job at the same time she and Sean were moving into a new apartment to prepare for Kloie. Jade was shown talking on the phone with her mom and trying to encourage her to find a job that she's motivated to go to every day, while Jade's mom seemed worried that Jade would deny her the ability to see her grandchild.
I only hope that everything works out for Jade and her little family. And I hope she and Sean are still tackling the whole wonderful (and sometimes very difficult) world of parenting together.
Check out Romper's new video series, Romper's Doula Diaries:
Watch full episodes of Romper's Doula Diaries on Facebook Watch.
bcnn1.com
The White House said Wednesday that President Donald Trump has declined an invitation to speak at the NAACP's annual convention next week in Baltimore, leading the nation's oldest civil rights organization to question the president's commitment to his African American constituents.
“During his campaign, President Trump asked us ‘what do you have to lose?'” NAACP Board Chairman Leon Russell said. “We get the message loud and clear. The president's decision today underscores the harsh fact: we have lost – we've lost the will of the current administration to listen to issues facing the black community.”
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders made the announcement to reporters that the president declined the NAACP's invitation to speak at its 108th annual convention. Trump also did not speak to the NAACP convention last year, citing scheduling conflicts with the Republican National Convention.
The NAACP found out from reporters that Sanders had announced that Trump would not attend.
Sanders said while the president had declined the invitation, “certainly the invitation for dialogue with that group would happily take place and we'd certainly like to continue to do that.”
Russell called Trump's decision a “historic departure from past presidents' engagements with the association,” saying former Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan all addressed the NAACP.
“When President Trump is ready to listen to us and the people we serve, we will be here,” Russell said. “Until then, the NAACP will continue to strive for an America free from racism and continue to speak truth to power.”
Trump was the first GOP presidential nominee in years not to address the NAACP last year. Republican nominees John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 both addressed the NAACP convention before losing to Obama in the general elections.
————
SOURCE: Associated Press – Ken Thomas; Jesse J. Holland contributed to this report.
A man and a woman were arrested southeast of Lethbridge on Wednesday afternoon after a lengthy police pursuit that the RCMP said led to three collisions with police vehicles.
At 2:10 p.m. RCMP officers from Raymond attempted a traffic stop with a vehicle that had been reported stolen, police said.
According to Mounties, the vehicle drove away, striking two police vehicles. Officers pursued the vehicle and contacted several neighbouring RCMP detachments and Lethbridge Police for assistance. They also received aerial help from the Calgary Police Service's HAWCS helicopter.
During the course of the pursuit, police said three vehicles were struck by the stolen vehicle and at one point, an RCMP officer fired their gun.
The pursuit ended near the town of Foremost when two suspects were taken into custody.
The RCMP said nobody was injured and their investigation is ongoing. They said an update will be provided once charges are laid.
The city of London is suddenly in the market for a new city manager.
Art Zuidema was let go on Tuesday. A news release sent out at midnight confirmed Zuidema was no longer with the city effective Feb. 14, 2017.
Martin Hayward, managing director of corporate services, city treasurer and chief financial officer, has been appointed acting city manager.
It's unclear whether Zuidema was let go or whether he quit, but his departure from city hall brings to end a tumultuous career in London.
Zuidema, who lived in Brantford while working in London, was hired in August 2012 after a consultant was hired to conduct a search. London hired Zuidema away from Hamilton for the city manager role, a position he'd never held before.
Story continues below Sometimes in a professional relationship there is a time to part ways. I wish Mr. Zuidema all the best in his future endeavours. — Tanya Park (@tanneramma) February 15, 2017
Questions about Zuidema's job status first arose in 2014, almost two years after he was hired for the position. His standing with the current council has been in flux for much of the past year.
Eyebrows were raised last April when it was learned an email was sent last January that was signed “Matt and Art” for Mayor Matt Brown and Zuidema informing all members of council there was a corporate response for media inquiries about the questions swirling around the General Dynamics deal to build military vehicles for Saudi Arabia.
Paul Paolatto, the head of the London Police Services Board, Jason Timlick, the president of the London Professional Firefighters Association and Steve Holland, the president of CUPE 101 which represents London's inside workers, have all spoken out against Zuidema's bargaining style.
City hall's inside workers accused Zuidema of bad-faith bargaining during their 2015 labour dispute.
Zuidema has also been criticized for being difficult to deal with by the media and was criticized for redacting much of the draft business case for London's rapid transit plan, a move he defended, though the document was later made public in its entirety.
Some councillors also clashed with Zuidema. Ward 7 Coun. Josh Morgan butted heads with him over whether council or bureaucrats possessed the authority to hire top staff, and Tanya Park quit the Zuidema-chaired community economic road map panel, calling it ineffectual.
Zuidema's salary in 2015 was $234,982. It's unclear how much Zuidema's departure will cost taxpayers.
Council agreed to a “no-cut contract” when he was hired in 2012.
South Korea's President Moon Jae-in on Monday declared there must be no war on the Korean peninsula and called on the North to halt its threatening behaviour as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington heighten with both hinting at military action.
SEOUL: South Korea's President Moon Jae-in on Monday declared there must be no war on the Korean peninsula and called on the North to halt its threatening behaviour as tensions between Pyongyang and Washington heighten with both hinting at military action.
"There must be no more war on the Korean Peninsula. Whatever ups and downs we face, the North Korean nuclear sitaution must be resolved peacefully," said Moon in opening remarks at a regular meeting with senior aides and advisers. The remarks were provided by the presidential Blue House.
"I am certain the United States will respond to the current situation calmly and responsibly in a stance that is equal to ours."
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Michael Perry)
The 2017 Provincetown Intl. Film Festival provides as diverse a showcase for short films as it does for narrative features and documentaries. No fewer than four short film programs are featured this year, including queer shorts by male and female directors and a New England series devoted to, as artistic director Lisa Viola says, “films that are regionally made, both in terms of subject and where the filmmakers live.” The expansive spotlight is due to the festival's belief that short films can be a calling card for developing filmmakers.
“As a filmmaker, I know how important a short film can be to your career,” says executive director Christine Walker, whose credits as producer include “American Splendor” and “Howl.” She's seen first-hand how festivals like PIFF can forge opportunities for filmmakers: Lisanne Skyler, who screened her documentary short “Brillo Box (3 ¢ off)” at PIFF 2016 made a connection at the festival that led to her next project. “She's said to me several times that because of the festival, [she] got this new gig,” says Walker. Her short “A Few Things About Robert Irwin” will run June 15 and 16.
For filmmakers, the short-film format also allows for greater freedom than in feature-length projects. “I think it's fun as a director to work in the short form, because there's more room for experimentation, and less pressure,” says actor Chloe Sevigny, whose 2016 short, “Kitty,” will screen at this year's festival. She adds that short films can serve as test runs for future long-form projects. “I hate to say [that they are] experiments, but I learned how I feel working with different directors of photography, and what makes me feel confident, so that when I get around to directing a feature I'll have enough under my belt to make decisions as to what will help me along.”
Included in this year's short film programs are “Love the Sinner,” Geeta Gandbhir and Jessica Devany's look at the connection between Christianity and homophobia after the Pulse nightclub shooting; Adam Roffman's “The Collection,” about two friends' discovery of rare movie memorabilia; and Amy DePaola's “Amydee.”
BURNLEY, England: Manchester City forward Raheem Sterling's astonishing miss from close range was the moment that changed the game in Saturday's 1-1 draw at Turf Moor, Burnley manager Sean Dyche said.
England international Sterling put the ball wide from two metres in front of an open goal after a low cross from Kyle Walker in the 71st minute and after that let-off Burnley rallied to equalise through Johann Berg Gudmundsson 11 minutes later.
The home side had been chasing shadows for much of the game after Danilo's 22nd minute strike put City in front.
"We stayed in it and that's an important thing, if the game plan is not quite to how you want it you have to stay in the game and we did," said Dyche.
"Second half, they came out and controlled it in the first 15 minutes. You've got to be diligent and do all the ugly stuff, which our players are willing to do.
"Then we grew into the game. Their keeper (Ederson) makes an unbelievable save (from Aaron Lennon) and then there is an unbelievable miss. That changed the feeling, the stadium erupted, everyone came with us," said Dyche.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"Then we played some good stuff, the quality was on show and it was a fantastic goal," he added, referring to Gudmundsson's crisp strike from a fine ball into the box from Matt Lowton.
"It was a strange kind of game, which you can have against these because they're so dominant with the ball, but I am very pleased to come through it with a point," he said.
Lennon, making his home debut following a January move from Everton, forced an excellent save from Ederson shortly before Sterling's miss and Dyche was impressed with City's Brazilian keeper - and not only for his shot stopping ability.
"He is the calmest keeper I have seen. It is like having Ronald Koeman in goal," he said, referring to the former Dutch international defender renowned for being cool under pressure.
"He gets it (the ball) and spins it around the pitch all over the place, that adds to their gameplan massively because he defuses the game.
"He made two good saves, at least a good save from Ben Mee and a fantastic save from Aaron Lennon, because he has hit it so clean, that's an unbelievable save."
Despite leaving the field to the applause of their fans, seventh-placed Burnley have not won in their last nine league games, but Dyche made light of that statistic.
"Perhaps they will knock that one off the run," he said of Saturday's draw. "They're the best side in the division and the best squad in the division..."
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)
The MLB season is 10 days away, and ESPN's fantasy baseball experts have gathered to break down each position to help you prepare your draft-day strategy.
How are our fantasy analysts approaching the third base position, and which players are they picking and avoiding in their drafts?
For more position previews, plus rankings, cheat sheets and mock drafts, check out our draft kit.
How are you approaching the third base position this season?
Several of my deep-league sleepers play third base, and while that is perhaps the first thing I notice about the position, it is not the only thing. Third base is solid at the top with several building block options, and even though there is a drop-off to No. 5 choice Anthony Rendon, he seems to be the one I end up acquiring. Rendon finished last season fourth at the position on the Player Rater. I am also willing to wait until the middle rounds for a certain future Hall of Famer nobody seems to want, even though he hit .312 with power last season. -- Eric Karabell
Third base is the one position for which I don't have any defined strategy. I think it's deep but also has some of the more intriguing values of any one particular spot. This could result in it being one of the more heavily drafted spots in some leagues, or one where I might be able to get cheaper options in the later rounds depending on how the draft plays out. A weekend auction draft of mine featured a lot of quality talent at the position still available at discounts late. -- Tristan H. Cockcroft
Editor's Picks 2018 fantasy baseball rankings, sleepers, cheat sheets and more Get everything you need to prepare for your fantasy baseball drafts here, including rankings and analysis from ESPN's team of experts.
Fantasy baseball cheat sheet central Don't draft without a cheat sheet! Our experts have provided their rankings in a convenient, printable format for you to take to your drafts. 1 Related
Third base is, in a word, loaded. The top 10 at the position all project to give back enough value to merit being selected in the first six rounds. The next eight names should all be off the board by the end of Round 12. In other words, I don't see an absolute need to take Nolan Arenado in Round 1. While I'd be completely happy to end up with enough hot corner residents to use one at my CO spot and another at UT, if I'm debating between two players of generally equivalent value, I'll probably select the non-3B player since odds are good that waiting another round or two at this position will not hurt me. -- AJ Mass
With just over 21 percent of 25-homer guys residing at third base last season, there is no question that I want some pop from the hot corner. Having said that, the third base position also has a plethora of hitters who combine power with average (22 percent of the players who hit 25-plus home runs while also batting at least .270 played the position), so this is a position I will pay up for to make sure I am getting reliable production. -- Kyle Soppe
My sleeper at third base is:
Adrian Beltre might be older than every other third baseman, but he is not too old to supply top-100 value -- yet his ADP continues to slip. Beltre hit last season. He hit well. He also got a year older. It is an obvious bias, but Beltre makes my top 100. I also really like Miami's Brian Anderson, a more obvious sleeper for the final round or two. -- Eric Karabell
I'm probably the most pro-Matt Chapman of anyone out there, putting him on my recent "Tristan's Twenty" list. I think his defense is so good that the typically matchups-driven Oakland Athletics will roll him out there almost every single day, fueling his counting numbers. A 30-homer season isn't out of the question. -- Tristan H. Cockcroft
How early would you draft a guy who gives you 24 homers, 74 RBIs, 8 SBs and a .294 BA? That's in the ballpark of what Rendon gave you in 2017, earning him a sixth-place finish in NL MVP voting. However, it's also what Travis Shaw gave you last season -- entering play on Aug. 1. After a slow start to the spring, his bat is heating up again with four homers in his last 21 at-bats. Currently, his ADP barely has him in the top 10 at third base, but I think he's got an outside shot at finishing in the top three. -- AJ Mass
Evan Longoria might not scream "sleeper" to you, as everyone is well aware of the newest San Francisco Giants slugger, but ADP has him sitting as 3B16 and the 164th overall player. That leaves nice ROI potential. At the bare minimum, you can count on him being on the field (he is the only player in the bigs with 600-plus at-bats in each of the past five seasons), but I think the potential for a resurgent season goes beyond that. He figures to be batting in the middle third of the lineup, and while the Giants won't light up the scoreboard much, the hitters slotted above him combine to have a career OBP in the .360 range. Longoria set a career high in contact percentage last season, and if that contact is coming with men regularly on base, I think he could make a run at his first 100-RBI season since 2010. -- Kyle Soppe
My bust at third base is:
The price tag on Arizona's Jake Lamb has fallen quite a bit since last season, just like his batting average did, but now I have concerns about batting average and power. Lamb just cannot compete with left-handed pitching, and the fact that his home ballpark is using a humidor to keep offense in check does not bode well for a player who has hit 35 of his 59 home runs in Phoenix over the past two seasons. -- Eric Karabell
I share Eric's concern here. No one stands out as a particularly poor pick using ADP as the measure, but Lamb is a player I don't anticipate landing in too many leagues. Too much of his fantasy value is tied up in home runs (and resulting RBIs), as he graded below average in a mixed league context for batting average last season, and the introduction of a humidor at Arizona's Chase Field this season threatens his ability to repeat the power output. -- Tristan H. Cockcroft
Manny Machado had a great season in 2017 -- from June 1 on, that is, with a .284 BA, 23 homers and 70 RBIs. That said, beyond the .205 BA he posted over the first 50 games of the season, Machado hit just .229 on the road last season, which is a bit concerning. Add in the extra wear and tear that could come from the move to shortstop and I'm simply concerned that Round 2 might be too soon, especially if Machado has another extended slump and starts to press given his "walk year" status. Machado could indeed win the AL MVP with 45 homers if all goes well, but I'm not sure I want to bank on that. -- AJ Mass
My goal is to get a well-rounded third baseman, and it's safe to say that Joey Gallo does not qualify as such. Thanks, but no thanks. In his first full season, Gallo ranked behind only Chris Davis in strikeout percentage (36.8 percent), a major concern on its own, but when you consider that he wasn't even among the top 50 players in chase rate, you really have to wonder if his approach is anywhere refined enough to return value for a top-100 pick. If he had a high chase rate, I could hope for growth and call upon his production when swinging at strikes, but the fact that I can't explain the high K-rate by an inability to identify strikes worries me. I believe this Texas offense as a whole is a bit overrated, as Elvis Andrus is poised to regress and Shin-Soo Choo and Beltre have seen better days. Gallo simply doesn't fit my profile, and there is enough depth at the position to not take such a hit in the batting average department. -- Kyle Soppe
If I could get any third baseman at his current draft position cost to build around in drafts, it would be:
The big four third basemen are pretty obvious, so I will go with Rendon, coming off a season in which he batted .301 with power and was one of a handful of players to earn more walks than strikeouts. The baseline for Rendon might not be as high as it is for Arenado, but you do not have to spend a top-five pick to secure him, either. Rendon also chips in stolen bases, which you will not find many of at this position. -- Eric Karabell
If it's not Chapman, the other third baseman I'm drafting everywhere is Rendon. His reputation for being injury-prone is a little unfair, as he has averaged 134 games played over the past four seasons and appeared in at least 147 in each of the past two. He's also capable of contributing positive numbers in all five categories, averaging .280-20-84 with 10 stolen bases and 94 runs scored per 162 games played in his career. -- Tristan H. Cockcroft
Nicholas Castellanos qualifies at third base, though he'll be far less taxed by manning right field for the Detroit Tigers on the regular in 2018. In 21 games in the outfield last season, Castellanos hit .380 with five homers and 20 RBIs -- all of which took place in the season's final month -- which is why we're not at all worried about his transition to a new position. If anything, freed from the stress of worrying about potential line drives headed for his noggin, he should see his offensive production continue to surge. So far this spring, he's slugging .763 in 38 at-bats. I'm buying it. -- AJ Mass
Alex Bregman is a star, and this will be as cheap as you will be able to get him for the next decade. So yeah, take advantage. His OPS in the second half last season was greater than that of Cody Bellinger, and I don't think it was at all a fluke, as he showed nice growth in knocking 3.2 percentage points off of his strikeout rate after the All-Star break. The Houston Astros scored 38 more runs than any other offense on the planet last season, and with no real reason to think that changes, Bregman is not only the best building block given his draft-day price at the hot corner, he also sits atop my overall targets list. The only thing standing in the way of true stardom (other than the impending breakout campaign) is a good nickname, so let's get on that. -- Kyle Soppe
The young third baseman who could break out is:
One should not assume that Castellanos emerges as a star simply because he no longer needs to play third base. That should help him concentrate more on his hitting, but the fact is Castellanos has been trending as a star hitter for a while. He hits baseballs hard with enough lift for 35 home runs and a strong batting average. I see a breakout coming. -- Eric Karabell
Nick Senzel is going to make his major league debut sometime this season, and the fact that he's still in Cincinnati Reds' big league camp 10 days before spring training concludes is a very good sign that he's firmly in the Reds' near-future plans. The team has been getting creative with him in the infield, which could help in terms of position flexibility, and he has a good combination of batting average and power potential to make him a worthwhile late-round stash, even in re-draft formats. -- Tristan H. Cockcroft
Gallo's 2017 was quite the campaign, as he became one of only seven players since 1980 to strike out more than 175 times while also compiling less than 100 hits. Add to the mix that 43.6 percent of those hits were home runs and we're looking at the very definition of an all-or-nothing bat. That said, the Rangers are talking about hitting Gallo No. 2 in the order to allow him to see more first-pitch fastballs, thanks to the speed of leadoff hitter Delino DeShields. Given that Gallo hit .310 last year when putting the first pitch of his at-bats into play, I'm looking for the 24-year-old to take a huge step forward. -- AJ Mass
A proud member of the elite first-name, last-initial club, Kyle Seager changed his approach last season to produce more fly balls, and it was a bit of a bumpy ride. He set a career low with a .249 batting average, but what do you expect when making a midseason adjustment? Seager's batting eye was as strong as ever (career-low chase rate), and the addition of Dee Gordon should result in more traffic on the bases. I'm expecting both his quality and quantity of hits to increase. I'm labeling "breakout" as someone who will improve on 2017 and provide strong value, which I think Seager does in spades this season. -- Kyle Soppe
0
The Fast and Furious drama came, well, fast and furious over the last couple of days, and a new twist has been added to the mix. To recap: Universal pushed the release date of Fast and Furious 9 back a year, Tyrese Gibson took to Instagram to blame Dwayne Johnson, Universal set the Johnson/Jason Statham spinoff for release on Fast 9's old release date, and Shane Black is now in the mix to possibly direct that film. And this is all just in the last 48 hours.
But while the Fast 9 release date has been delayed, that doesn't mean Universal is putting the brakes on the sequel. On the contrary, THR reports that Justin Lin is the top choice to direct what could be the penultimate movie in the franchise, and he's one of the reasons for the delay. By pushing the Fast 9 release date back a year, that gives Universal more time to accommodate Lin's scheduling and ensure he can return to the franchise that he helped grow to the $1 billion grossing juggernaut it is today.
Indeed, Lin made his Fast & Furious debut helming Tokyo Drift, the third installment. He then directed each successive installment through Fast & Furious 6, after which he left the franchise to try new things. Those new things included helming the first two episodes of True Detective Season 2 and the blockbuster sequel Star Trek Beyond, and he's currently developing a couple of high-profile directing projects including Space Jam 2 and the Hot Wheels movie.
Universal and self-appointed franchise king Vin Diesel have long stated that the Fast & Furious franchise may tap out after 10 movies, so bringing Lin back into the fold on Fast 9 makes a lot of sense. Moreover, given his history with the franchise, I wouldn't be surprised if he returns to direct the final film, Fast & Furious 10, as well. That is, assuming Universal doesn't try and find some way to keep this series going.
The last two films made over $1 billion at the worldwide box office, so this is clearly one of Universal's most important franchises (especially since that whole Dark Universe thing was DOA). But of course they could wrap up Fast & Furious while continuing to build out spinoffs, like the Johnson/Statham one hitting theaters in 2019.
We're still probably a ways off from the close of the main Fast & Furious franchise, but if that is where Universal is heading, Lin is a sensible choice to direct Fast 9.
“It's a Catch-22. We have cooler weather, but also shifting winds. It's breezy today,” said Lynne Tolmachoff, a spokeswoman for Cal Fire. “So that's a little bit of a problem for us. … If the firefighters can't get more containment in, there is a possibility of more significant growth over the weekend.”
The Board of Control for Cricket in India's (BCCI) Future Tours Programme (FTP) proposal is a brilliant exercise in tightrope walking. The habitual last-minute adjustments notwithstanding, it has to be pointed out that the board has actually struck a superb balance which has addressed the interests of broadcasters, member associations, sponsors, players and fans alike. And that's the real beauty of this proposal.
Additionally, whether BCCI acknowledges it or not, the proposal is virtually an endorsement of former president N Srinivasan's formula for forging unity among ‘big three nations' in a bid to maximise television revenues by playing each another more frequently. Except in this case, it is an unofficial ‘Big Four' club — India, Australia, South Africa and England — and there is no global revenue to squabble over.
Importantly, any television channel winning the rights for BCCI's next cycle of matches (2019 - 2023; Star Sports' current broadcast rights end in March 2018) will be assured of more matches, not just in terms of quantity but also quality as 50 per cent of the matches are to be played against cricketing heavyweights Australia, England and South Africa.
The SGM has resolved that India would be playing 81 out of their 158 matches at home as against the earlier 51 out of 127 matches.
Interestingly, the increase in number of matches does not correlate with an increase in number of playing days. On the other hand the number of playing days in the four-year cycle is reduced to 306 from the earlier 390, according to BCCI acting Anirudh Chaudhry.
In the current cycle, the Indian team plays around 97 days of international cricket each year. This average will be brought down to about 75 days. However, with home matches increased by 30 games, the BCCI broadcast rights holder will get better bang for the buck.
Significantly, staging associations will also benefit immensely with the jugglery.
Obviously, this formula of more matches but less match days could mean only one thing: that the number of limited-overs games would increase in relation to Tests. Logically there would be many more Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) as these would be a shot in the arm for peak-time television viewing. T20Is will also attract mega sponsors and massive spectator interest.
This would be a great boost for host associations as they could rake in Rs 5 crore per match from in-stadia advertising and gate collections. This amount would be besides their share of television revenue. BCCI also apportions a sum of Rs 1.5 crore to each staging association.
Interestingly, Test cricket too holds great attraction for associations. They could hope to get around Rs 3 crore from in-stadia advertising and plenty more from their share of BCCI revenue. But the greater attraction, especially for non-permanent centres, is that they would be accommodated in the Working Committee for the next two years and thereby have a say in BCCI's deliberations. It is for this privilege that even small associations are actively vying for staging Tests.
Incidentally, the ICC Champions Trophy, which India would be hosting in 2021, falls outside the purview of the above calculations for match days, matches, revenue, etc.
Another welcome move by the BCCI is its identifying the ideal calendar for Indian cricket. In a bid to accommodate southern hemisphere cricketing nations Australia, South Africa and New Zealand, BCCI has indicated that India would host home matches in the months of October, November, February and March. This leaves the months of December and January for the southern hemisphere nations to play host to India.
The BCCI thus ensures that the primary season months of October, November and even December, if need be, could be utilised for home matches. This would make sure that there is a clear break after the IPL months of April and May and thus there would be a renewed interest in the game for the new season.
This would also ensure that the players get sufficient rest ahead of the new season. Their main grouse was the overlapping of seasons and that they were being provided very little time to prepare for challenging tours. This clear-cut compartmentalisation of tours and seasons gives players a greater opportunity to pace themselves.
Thus, every way this FTP proposal is seen it is a win-win situation. Players get fewer playing days, defined season but more matches while broadcasters get more nuanced cricket for Tests, ODIs and T20Is. This will ensure more eye-balls and hence greater revenue from ensuing advertisements. Besides, staging associations will get their due in terms of right to host matches and a place in the working committee even as the BCCI retains control over its television rights and international cricket. Most importantly, the average fan gets to see more of his/her heroes, thanks to the expansion of the T20I schedule.
Hopefully the Committee of Administrators will also see the FTP proposals in positive vein. Else, there's always CLR James' classic line to fall back on: What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Despite numerous negative events – hurricanes, shootings and nuclear threats – the market powers on as if there are no worries. But worries abound, and that is a good thing, because they discourage “irrational exuberance.” Analysts expect earnings to be up about 3 percent in this earnings season starting in October; that is positive, but down ...
BEIJING: Wang Jian, co-chairman and co-founder of HNA Group, one of China's most acquisitive conglomerates, died during a business trip in France on Jul 3 after a serious injury caused by a fall, the group said in a statement on Wednesday (Jul 4).
Wang fell to his death while visiting the southern France village of Bonnieux on Tuesday, a French police source told Reuters. He died after a 10 metre fall off a wall, the source said.
Advertisement
"He tried to climb a low wall to see the view and take pictures," the source said. After failing a first time, Wang took a run up. "He fell over the top and dropped 10 metres."
"HNA Group extends the deepest condolences to Mr Wang's family and many friends," HNA's board and management team said in a statement.
"Together, we mourn the loss of an exceptionally gifted leader and role model, whose vision and values will continue to be a beacon for all who had the good fortune to know him, as well as for the many others whose lives he touched through his work and philanthropy."
HNA Group started as a small provincial airline servicing China's Hainan Province but has expanded quickly in recent years under the leadership of Wang and co-founder Chen Feng.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The firm's US$230 billion in assets includes a diverse global empire of businesses operating in aviation, tourism, and finance, and includes Hilton hotels and other marquee companies in the US, Europe and Australia.
But HNA came under pressure last year as Beijing cracked down on the risky debt-fuelled financing that enabled its expansion.
The conglomerate has now started selling off parts of its empire to pay down debt.
Wang began his career in civil aviation planning in 1983.
Rail commuters will find out today how much the cost of season tickets will increase by next year, as trade unions hold protests warning that passengers are paying "more for less".
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation, which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) at 9.30am.
It is predicted to be around 3.5%, leading to the highest increase in fares in five years.
Regulated fares make up almost half of all tickets and include season tickets and standard returns.
Fewer than half (47%) of passengers are satisfied with the value for money of train tickets, according to the latest survey by passenger watchdog Transport Focus.
It has been the policy of successive governments to reduce the funding of the railways by taxpayers and increase the relative contribution of passengers.
Rail unions said that, even as fares rise, rail engineering work is being delayed or cancelled, skilled jobs are being lost and staff are being cut on trains, stations and ticket offices.
They are calling for reduced fares, public ownership and protection of jobs during protests on Tuesday outside railway stations across the country - including London, Birmingham, Cardiff, Bristol, Glasgow, Manchester and Liverpool.
Transport Salaried Staffs Association leader Manuel Cortes said: " Dick Turpin had the decency to wear a mask when he robbed his passengers. Today train companies, with the Government's blessing, hide behind the Retail Price Index as a method of legitimately fleecing more money from hard-pressed passengers at the start of each new year."
Mick Whelan, general secretary of train drivers' union Aslef, said: "After years of austerity, when workers have not achieved pay increases for years at or around inflation, it is unfair that the industry they subsidise creates transport poverty and hurts the communities and industries that they should be supporting."
Examples of annual season tickets at current prices include:
:: Brighton to London £4,184
:: Liverpool to Manchester £3,044
Worcester to Birmingham £1,348
Bath to Bristol £1,580
CPI is generally lower than RPI and is used to calculate changes in benefits.
Mr Joseph said: " This rise will be the highest since 2013, and will leave many commuters struggling to meet the cost of their commute next year.
" Passengers would be forgiven for thinking they are being taken for a ride when RPI has been dropped as an official measure for most other things."
The ONS warned last month that RPI is "flawed" and has "serious shortcomings".
Transport Secretary Chris Grayling sparked outrage with an announcement just before Parliament went into summer recess that plans to electrify rail routes between Cardiff and Swansea; Kettering, Nottingham and Sheffield; and Windermere and Oxenholme are cancelled or downgraded.
French Montana's Sunday evening set at the Sahara Tent at Coachella quickly escalated into a full-blown party on weekend two of the festival. At one point, the New York rapper had the biggest record of the year. Not only did “Unforgettable” featuring Swae Lee gain Frenchie nationwide recognition, it also solidified his tenure in the rap game.
Clocking in at over 673 million views and counting, the record's accompanying music video sees Frenchie bringing nothing but feel-good, positive energy to his hometown of Uganda. Using his platform for a greater good, the Coke Boys founder recently opened a hospital overseas slated to fit 300,000 people. AND he found time to make his own vodka.
L.A. Weekly: For those who don't know, who is French Montana?
French Montana: A world citizen.
What is it about French Vanilla Ciroc vodka?
It's something that happens when you're a real professional, rock-star drinker.
What makes it different from the rest?
I made it with love. I'm sure you've seen a lot of people that don't even drink, making liquor. It doesn't go anywhere. I just feel like I made it, like it's something that I would drink if somebody else made it.
I saw you thank Puff on your last post. Talk about your relationship with Puff Daddy.
He's a big brother. He's somebody that showed me the ropes, saved me a lot of years that I could've fucked up with making the wrong moves. I'm just happy that to find somebody that don't do shit from like a money standpoint. It's from love. He definitely supports me to the fullest, like his little brother. All of us need a big bro, you know? Him, Sal [manager and best friend Wassim “Sal” Slaiby] — those are the people that been through the ropes before me. Show me how to do things the right way, so I don't go through the same mistakes that they made. And I love that.
Coachella weekend two, how does it compare to weekend one?
I love this weekend because last weekend is just … it's almost like doing something twice. Like having sex with a girl for the first time. You're always going to be nervous. Second time, you're like, “All right, cool.” We're going to start doing backflips and shit like that.
How does the crowd out here compare with your hometown in New York?
I feel like it's the same love. With me, I don't try to perform new songs and do different kind of songs. I just go straight to the hits, man. I've been in the game for over 10 years just making music.
“Lockjaw” is my favorite, so thank you for playing that.
Thank you. Did you hear what she said, Sal? I just feel like when somebody tells me to put 18 projects in 45 minutes, I feel like you can't even ... you know?
What do you say to the hip-hop heads hating on Lil Pump?
Honestly, you got to respect every generation of hip-hop. I love what Lil Pump is doing for the game. I love what Tupac and Biggie did for the game, I also love what Run-DMC and them did for the game. I just feel like the game just changes. I just feel like right now, there's more rich rappers than back in the day. Right now it's more … it became a lifestyle. It just shows growth. Whoever don't like him, why are you listening to him? There's still lyrical rappers out here. Whatever kind of rap you want to listen to, go listen to it. I love Lil Pump's music.
Aside from your performance, what's been the biggest highlight of Coachella?
Biggest highlight for Coachella for me was having my brothers with me. Having my family with me is my biggest highlight.
Your music video with Tinashe and Ty$ is already at almost 8 million views. Talk about working with the two artists and the making of the visual.
Working with both of them, they're both real talented artists. Tinashe, I'm a big fan of her. Ty Dolla $ign, me and him got a lot of records. It just feels good. I make music because I love the music. It's not even about the money thing for me no more.
Are you planning on getting a separate crib for your plaques?
Of course.
What did you do with your first advance?
Put it in the bank. Already had everything I wanted before I signed.
What are three essentials things you need on tour?
My family, French Vanilla Ciroc, and love.
What's your favorite song to perform during a set?
“Unforgettable.”
Who's the most played artist on your phone?
Marvin Gaye.
Who's your dream collab?
My dream collab would be me and Sal.
She's the Boss of the horse.
Jessica Rae Springsteen, Bruce's daughter, looked absolutely smashing over the past weekend during a competition in the badlands of South Florida.
The 25-year-old Jessica Rae struck impressive poses while on and off of her mounts.
The leaderboard, however, wasn't quite as pretty. Springsteen and Cynar finished 52nd out of 56 competitors Saturday at the Longines Global Champions Tour in Miami Beach.
The Class 13 event was taken by USA-born and world No. 2-ranked rider Kent Farrington.
Also down the leaderboard, at 40th place, was another familiar name to New Yorkers — Georgina Bloomberg, the 34-year-old daughter of former Mayor Mike Bloomberg, riding her horse Lilli.
Jennifer Gates, the 20-yeaer-old daughter of Bill and Melinda Gates, and her ride Bardolino finished in 47th place on Saturday.
Springsteen, whose mom is Bruce's wife, Patti Scialfa, had more glory the day before, when she and horse Davendy S finished in third place in the Class 9 event on Friday.
Gates and Bardolino finished 34th while Bloomberg and Manodie came in at 48th in that event.
Procter & Gamble should simply not have bothered resisting activist investor Nelson Peltz's push for a board seat, he said on Friday, promising to keep his shares in the consumer goods company even if he lost next week's vote.
REUTERS: Procter & Gamble should simply not have bothered resisting activist investor Nelson Peltz's push for a board seat, he said on Friday, promising to keep his shares in the consumer goods company even if he lost next week's vote.
Peltz said that the company had wasted more than US$100 million to keep him off the board, despite him having no intention of replacing any board member or Chief Executive David Taylor, and that the vote would be close.
"This proxy fight is probably the dumbest thing I've ever been involved in," Peltz told CNBC on Friday.
One of the best known activist investors in corporate America, Peltz has amassed a US$3.5 billion stake in P&G through his firm Trian Fund Management.
He says he wants the company to improve shareholder returns by speeding up a transformation begun in 2014 and further streamlining its operations, moves he hopes he can push with a board seat.
He has also repeatedly said that the company has a "suffocating bureaucracy" that is stalling progress and that reorganizing the company into three global business units would reduce complexity.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"P&G has lost its soul," Peltz said.
With a US$235 billion market capitalization, the Oct. 10 vote makes Procter & Gamble the biggest ever firm to face a proxy fight - where two competing groups battle for the shareholder votes needed to control and change companies. P&G in a statement on Friday reiterated its stance that Peltz wasn't a right fit for the board, particularly at this time as the company was in the final stages of its transformation.
"Peltz's timing is late to P&G's turnaround," the company said in the statement.
(Reporting by Siddharth Cavale in Bengaluru)
Belongings are scattered and left behind at the site of the mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas.
While Sunday's deadly mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas added fuel to the ongoing debate over gun control, the attack has also raised concerns about the vulnerability of open-air venues hosting large-scale outdoor concerts and festivals.
This weekend upward of 30,000 fans are expected to file into Glen Helen Amphitheater in San Bernardino for Cal Jam 2017, a two-day rock music blowout.
Foo Fighters and Queens of the Stone Age are set to headline the event, and more than a dozen acts including Cage the Elephant, Liam Gallagher and Bob Mould also top the bill.
Following Sunday's attack in Las Vegas, where a gunman shot into a crowd of fans attending the country music festival, leaving nearly 60 dead and wounding hundreds more, Cal Jam officials told The Times they were working with local law enforcement officials to beef up security measures for that venue.
“Additional security measures have been established, both seen and unseen, including bag searches with size limits and metal detectors, along with enhanced security and law enforcement presence,” Cal Jam officials said in a statement.
“We look forward to bringing music fans together for maximum rock and safety at Cal Jam this Saturday.”
With a capacity of 65,000, Glen Helen is the largest amphitheater in the U.S.
In order to use Medscape, your browser must be set to accept cookies delivered by the Medscape site.
Medscape uses cookies to customize the site based on the information we collect at registration. The cookies contain no personally identifiable information and have no effect once you leave the Medscape site.
LONDON: English Premier League clubs are set to discuss whether to shut the transfer window before the start of the 2018-19 season when they meet next month, British media have reported.
Representatives from the 20 ­top-flight clubs are due to attend ­a shareholders meeting on September 7 with the majority pushing for a new, earlier, transfer deadline to be introduced.
Talks are expected to take place between all the clubs about whether to change the end of the window, which currently closes on Aug. 31 nearly three weeks after the first game.
It will be proposed that the ­transfer deadline is brought forward to the week before the start of the 2018-19 Premier League season, The Daily Telegraph reported on its website.
British media said the majority of Premier League clubs favour an earlier window closure, with the approval of at least 14 of the 20 required for a new rule to be introduced.
Clubs from other European leagues, including Spain and Italy, would be allowed to sign players from England in line with their own domestic deadlines but transfers between Premier League clubs would not be allowed once the season starts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Swansea City manager Paul Clement, who has left Gylfi Sigurdsson out of the squad having been unsettled by repeated bids from Everton, spoke about the window after Saturday's draw at Southampton in their opening game.
"It would be a better situation if the window closed before the start of the season and then people know that they have got their group for the first game - they are available, they aren't available," Clement told a news conference.
"I know there are talks about changing that for the future and my opinion is that it should be changed. Before the first game you should know who you have got and who you haven't got.
"At our managers' meeting at the Premier League ... we spoke about it. The majority of clubs are in favour, but maybe all have to be for it to go through."
The January transfer window would be unaffected.
(Writing by Ken Ferris; editing by Greg Stutchbury)
13:44(IST)
That is the drinks break in the post-lunch session as the Indians are now just 4 wickets away from clinching the game and the series 3-0. 3 runs come in from the Kuldeep over. Clearly Ashwin has looked the better bowler on the third morning. Sri Lanka's score reads 137/6 after 59 overs with Dickwella and Dilruwan at the crease. Trailing by 215 runs.
Right now you can save 40% on the Withings Wi-Fi connected scale, dropping the price down to just $78. This scale is a great way to easily track your weight loss or gains and help you stay on track to hit those 2017 goals you set for yourself. Normally priced at $130, you won't want to miss out on this $52 savings on the scale that can track your weight, BMI, body fat, muscle, bone mass and more.
If you are looking for a great way to track your progress and keep yourself motivated, be sure to pick one of these up now! Odds are it won't last long at this price, so be sure to act quick!
See at Amazon
Last year Blizzard made what I felt was a huge mistake in scrapping the Battle.net brand, which gamers have associated with properties like StarCraft and Diablo for decades. The company has now reversed that decision, in what can only be a humble acknowledgment of my wisdom in these matters.
“The technology was never going away, but after giving the branding change further consideration and also hearing your feedback, we're in agreement that the name should stay as well,” the company wrote today in a blog post.
The reasoning in 2016 was that there was “occasional confusion and inefficiencies” from Blizzard, the game development company, and Battle.net, the game launcher and matchmaking service, having different names.
I'm pretty sure that wasn't actually a problem then, and I don't think there's one now. But probably to throw a bone to the marketing manager who suggested this ill-advised course of action in the first place, the service will now be known as “Blizzard Battle.net.”
Zug zug, but we'll all still just call it Battle.net. Hopefully forever.
After an eventful (and sometimes challenging) year for Soylent, co-founder Rob Rhinehart announced today that he will resign as the meal replacement shake company's chief executive officer. That position will be taken over by Bryan Crowley, the president of Soylent's parent company Rosa Foods.
In his post, Rhinehart said that since Soylent is no longer in the early startup stage, he “decided to pass the reins to a new CEO with more management and industry experience.” Crowley joined Rosa Foods in June after twenty years working in the food industry, most recently as chief strategy officer at kombucha maker KeVita, which was acquired by PepsiCo in December 2016.
Rhinehart, who will continue as Soylent's executive chairman and largest shareholder, added that Crowley “has been Soylent's president for the better part of a year and has already had an untold positive impact improving our distribution, marketing, supply chain, product and organization—all the things a good CEO should do. We have put in place a three-year roadmap for the business, and I have completely confidence in the leadership's team ability to execute it.”
Soylent has raised about $74.5 million in funding, including a $50 million Series B round led by GV that closed earlier this year. Mocked as an example of Silicon Valley's obsession with lifehacking when it was founded in 2013, Soylent has nonetheless managed to go mainstream. It is now the bestseller in Amazon's meal replacement drink category and began a distribution deal with 7-Eleven in July.
But it's also faced several setbacks recently. In fall 2016, Soylent halted production of Soylent Powder and Soylent Bars after its products made some customers ill, then began shipping again after reformulating its powder. Soylent was dealt another blow in October when Canada's food safety agency said its products failed to meet all requirements for meal replacements, forcing it to stop sales in the country until the issue is resolved.
Featured Image: Getty Images
Michigan State guard Joshua Langford (1) dribbles the basketball after getting past Indiana guard Robert Johnson, left, in the first half of an NCAA college basketball game, Saturday in Bloomington, Ind. R Brent Smith  The Associated Press
BLOOMINGTON, Ind. >> Matt McQuaid scored 12 points and made the decisive 3-pointer with 1:08 to play Saturday night, leading No. 5 Michigan State past Indiana 63-60.
The Spartans (22-3, 10-2 Big Ten) have won six straight to stay two games behind Purdue in the conference title chase.
Juwan Morgan had 23 points and 11 rebounds for Indiana (12-12, 5-7), which has lost four straight overall. Freddie McSwain Jr. finished with eight points and 16 rebounds.
Indiana, which lost to the Spartans 85-57 earlier this season, had a chance to force overtime, but Devonte Greens 70-foot heave bounced high off the back of the rim as the buzzer sounded.
Advertisement
It was deliberate, old-school basketball at its finest.
The teams regularly went deep into the shot clock, and Michigan State eventually hung on because of size and defense.
Despite shooting a season-low 28.8 percent from the field, the Hoosiers sure made it tough.
Indiana trailed 58-50 with 5:05 left before Morgan scored seven straight points to get the Hoosiers within one. After Miles Bridges missed a 17-footer on Michigan States next possession, Indiana had a chance to take the lead. But Robert Johnsons layup rolled out and McSwain missed two free throws after grabbing the offensive rebound.
McQuaids final 3 made it a four-point game and after Greens three-point play with 3.7 seconds to go made it 63-60, the Hoosiers got one last chance when Joshua Langford missed two free throws.
Langford and Jaren Jackson Jr. each had 10 points and Jackson finished with seven blocks.
BIG PICTURE
Michigan State: Offensively, the Spartans struggled. But defensively, they showed just how good they can be with their size and length. Just eight minutes into the game, Michigan State had eight blocks. It finished the half with nine with 13. The only downfall was that the Hoosiers took advantage of second chances and managed to keep it close.
Indiana: After getting blown out by the Spartans on Jan. 19 in East Lansing, the Hoosiers inserted McSwain into the starting lineup and turned it around. No, they didnt get the win. But the young Hoosiers showed how much they had learned from the first matchup and they can go toe-to-toe with any team.
KEY STATS
Michigan State: Bridges finished with seven points and eight rebounds. .... Langford had 10 points. ... The Spartans pushed their single-season school record for blocks to 204. ... Michigan State was 9 of 18 on 3s and 8 of 17 on free throws.
Indiana: Morgan recorded his seventh double-double of the season. ... The Hoosiers made only 2 of its first 22 shots, 9.1 percent, and went more than 81/2 minutes in the first half without a basket. ...Indiana had a 53-29 rebounding edge including a 25-3 advantage on the offensive end against the best rebounding team in Division I. ... The Hoosiers have played three straight ranked opponents.
UP NEXT
Michigan State: Will try to extend its winning streak Tuesday at Iowa.
Indiana: Plays the fourth and final game during an eight-day span Monday at Rutgers.
Mardi Gras festivities are in full swing and the Capital City had its celebration Saturday. The downtown business association hosted it's annual Block Party and Cajun cook off.
"We've been doing this for awhile and every single year it's gotten bigger," said Downtown Business Association member Clay McInnis.
While the block part is meant to be fun, there's also a good cause behind it.
"What we try to do is raise money for Valiant Cross Academy, so all proceeds from Cajun Cook-Off, which we're sold out of tickets, goes straight to Valiant Cross Academy," McInnis said.
McInnis says every year they get a brass band from New Orleans to come and play at the event. This year, Grammy-Award winning band Rebirth Brass Band came and played and helped set the mood.
"This event is about bringing the community together, raising awareness about downtown and helping the surrounding businesses by getting people exposed to those businesses," said McInnis. "We want people connecting with each other, we want people to have fun, we want the kids to have fun, it's a family fun event and we want to bring awareness about downtown and the downtown businesses here."
McInnis said he and the organization want to continue the event for years to come.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
A woman has been rushed to hospital in serious to life-threatening condition after a two vehicle collision in Scarborough, paramedics say.
Emergency services responded to the scene of Shadowood Crt. and Murison Blvd. at 2:20 p.m. Saturday afternoon and located two injured people. They were transported separately to different hospitals, with the woman brought directly to a trauma centre. The second person injured was a man, who suffered minor injuries, paramedics say.
Traffic Services are on the scene, according to police, and the investigation of the collision is ongoing.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
SINGAPORE: With just a few taps on a screen, piping hot meals from hawker stalls to fine dining restaurants can arrive at customers' doorsteps in minutes.
With the food delivery scene heating up, industry players such as foodpanda and Deliveroo — which capture the lion's share of the market — are increasingly tapping on data analytics to better compete and cater to customer tastes.
Advertisement
According to managing director of foodpanda Singapore, Mr Luc Andreani, data currently drive about 90 per cent of its decisions, such as its rider-order allocation system. The platform has shifted from manual to automated processes as it scaled up over time.
“At very the beginning, we recruited riders and allocated them to a given order. So an order would come and manually we'd decide, OK this order goes to this rider,” Mr Andreani said.
“We fully switched a few years ago to a fully automated system, which is based on an algorithm that … calculates tens of thousands of operations every second."
The system helps to "optimise the supply on one hand – meaning the riders on the street – and demand on the other hand – meaning the location of the customers", showing the best path for the rider to follow, said Mr Andreani.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This has helped shave delivery time by half to around 30 minutes, and tripled manpower efficiency, enabling its fleet of 3,000 riders to deliver three orders per hour on average.
Since foodpanda launched its central kitchen and dine-in space in Woodlands in March, the platform has shared weekly data reports with restaurant partners, including recommendations for under-performing brands.
The Berlin-based player also has plans to launch a new app feature in the second quarter of this year, offering users a customised list of restaurants based on past orders.
Another major player to incorporate data insights is Deliveroo, which set up its second kitchen concept, dubbed Deliveroo Editions, in Lavender in April.
APPS SERVE UP DATA TO RESTAURANTS
"We've taken a look at the data of customers within this neighbourhood and adjacent neighbourhoods, to determine what are the most popular cuisines, and also which cuisines we should add to the area," said Deliveroo CEO Will Shu.
"So in that case, restaurants know ahead of time if what they produce is something customers will really like."
The Deliveroo Editions 2 site also has a "click and collect" option to help improve delivery efficiency. In a worldwide first for the London-based platform, customers can place their orders online and pick up their meals without having to pay a delivery fee.
Data collection and algorithms are also used to provide real-time feedback to restaurant partners, including key peak times, to help improve delivery efficiency.
The platform is also partnering seven restaurant vendors at its Editions sites to create virtual brands and exclusive menus based on data analytics.
One of them is VIOS by Blu Kouzina, a virtual spin-off from Greek restaurant Blu Kouzina. Since its launch in 2017, the virtual brand has made use of daily order reports to help cut down food wastage by up to 15 per cent and tripled its revenue.
It also cross-shares around 65 per cent of its ingredients between its two menus, which has made its operations more "effective and efficient", said its co-founder Dennis Tsakiris.
"The two menus side-by-side complement one other – if there's a dip we could use in the Blu Kouzina menu, let's say a yoghurt dip sauce, that could also be used as a small portion also in the VIOS menu."
Tina Turner's firstborn son, Craig Turner, died of apparent suicide Tuesday, the Los Angeles coroner's office confirms to USA TODAY. He was 59.
Police found him dead at 12:38 p.m. of an apparent gunshot wound inside his Studio City, Calif. home, according to Ed Winter, assistant chief of investigations for the Los Angeles.coroner's department.
An autopsy is pending.
Craig worked in real estate and was Tina Turner's firstborn son, whom she had at age 18 with saxophonist Raymond Hill. Craig was adopted by Ike Turner after they wed in 1962.
Turner told Oprah Winfrey in a 2005 interview that Craig was "a very emotional kid" who offered support when she was physically abused by Ike Turner.
Craig was in high school when Turner finally left the abusive relationship with Ike.
"Before you can really help them, you have to strengthen yourself," Turner said.
Tina Turner divorced Ike in 1978. She married German music producer Erwin Bach, her partner of nearly 30 years, in 2013.
Turner and Bach were in Paris Tuesday night attending a party for Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture.
USA TODAY has reached out to representatives for Turner.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
London inferno extinguished; firefighters search for victims
LONDON (AP) Firefighters extinguished the last of the flames in the devastating west London blaze as they searched for more victims Thursday, a day after the high-rise apartment building fire that killed at least 12 people. Entire families were missing, and the death toll is certain to rise.
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said authorities genuinely don't know how many people died and that firefighters have been traumatized by the inability to save more people.
“Tragically now we are not expecting to find anyone else alive,” Cotton told Sky News. “The severity and the heat of the fire will mean that it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive.”
More than 200 firefighters worked through the night and parts of the building were still seen as being unsafe. Now that the smoke has cleared, the public could only gape at the huge burned-out hulk in the working class, multi-ethnic neighborhood.
The blaze early Wednesday in the 24-story building in west London's North Kensington district also injured 74 others, 18 of them critically, and left an unknown number missing. A tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
Up to 600 people lived in 120 apartments in the Grenfell Tower. After announcing the updated death toll of 12 in the afternoon, Cmdr. Stuart Cundy said that “we believe this number will sadly increase.”
Prime Minister Theresa May promised an investigation and she planned to visit the site on Thursday. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said many questions must be answered about safety for the scores of other apartment buildings around the British capital.
The London Fire Brigade said it received the first reports of the blaze at 12:54 a.m. and the first engines arrived within six minutes.
Survivors told of frantic attempts to escape during the nighttime fire.
“The flames, I have never seen anything like it. It just reminded me of 9/11,” said Muna Ali, 45. “The fire started on the upper floors. … Oh my goodness, it spread so quickly. It had completely spread within half an hour.”
The cause of the blaze is under investigation, but a tenants' group had complained for years about the risk of a fire.
More than 1 million pounds ($1.27 million) has been raised to help victims of the tragedy as volunteers and charities worked through the night to find shelter and food for people who lost their homes.
Nearly 100 Indian pilgrims were on Wednesday evacuated, as authorities stepped up efforts to rescue those stranded in Nepal's mountainous region due to heavy rain while returning from the Kailash Mansarovar pilgrimage in Tibet.Five commercial flights and one Nepal Army chopper operated on Wednesday, transporting 96 Indian stranded pilgrims from Simikot to Surkhet as the weather condition in Nepalgunj is bad. On the Hilsa-Simikot route, three Nepal Army choppers operated, the Indian Embassy said.Around 250 of the over 1,500 Indian pilgrims stranded were evacuated safely from Hilsa till yesterday, the embassy had said yesterday.While Hilsa is extremely infrastructure lean, Simikot has decent boarding, communication and medical facilities, it hadA total of 158 people were evacuated yesterday from Simikot to Nepalganj, which is a fairly big city with all modern facilities and three hours road connectivity to Lucknow, the mission had said.The embassy has already set up a hotline for pilgrims and their family members, which also comprises other language speaking staff for Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam speakers.Two pilgrims — Leela Narayanan Mandredath, 56, of Kerala and Satya Laxmi of Andhra Pradesh -- died on Monday due to high altitude sickness in Simikot and heart attack in Tibet respectively, the Indian Embassy had said.Their bodies were brought by special helicopters to Kathmandu and Nepalganj respectively, it said in a statement.Tenzin Norbu Lama, the managing director of Sunny Travels and Treks, one of the major tour operators handling the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra, said Indian pilgrims were stranded as the air transport links were cut off due to bad weather but there were no problems in food and accommodation."However, mountain areas lack proper medical facilities in the event of pilgrims suffering from altitude sickness due to their prolonged stay in the region," Lama was quoted as saying by the local media.The pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar in Tibetan region of China is considered holy by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Every year, hundreds of Indians undertake the 'yatra' which involves trekking under inhospitable conditions.
It's a hard pill to swallow, but Cheriam's love story is over for good (I didn't enjoy typing that sentence at all FYI). Some people had their doubts when these two became official back in 2016. I, on the other hand, was actually rooting for them. Haters are gonna hate, I know, but I thought they looked genuinely happy together. Heck, they were even joking about their "alone time" at the BRIT Awards back in February. So why did Cheryl and Liam Payne split up? What on earth happened?
Well, on Sunday, they both released pretty much identical break-up statements on Twitter. Liam posted his ever so slightly faster. It read: "Cheryl and I are sad to announce that we are going our separate ways. It's been a tough decision for us to make. We still have so much love for each other as a family. Bear is our world and we ask that you respect his privacy as we navigate our way through this together." Cheryl's basically said the same.
But neither statement actually explained why they split. Obviously they don't owe me or anyone else an explanation at all, however fans are still curious about why they parted ways after welcoming their first child together, Bear, in March 2017. Here's a little refresher on what's been reported so far.
LiamPayneVEVO on YouTube
Months before there was any suspicions that Liam and Cheryl were on the rocks, he revealed that she had tried to dump him. Erm, where did that come from? Who knows. But anyway, it turns out that she had tried to end the relationship, however, he managed to talk her out of it. How do I know that? Because he wrote a song about it called Bedroom Floor, which he released in October last year. Explaining what the track is about, he told The Sun: "It is basically a phone call that happened between me and her when she was about to let it go. This is a long time ago. And it's basically me trying to cling on and say: ‘No, no, no it's all going to work out, don't worry about it, give it time.'" Yikes.
His very honest and open admission in that interview brings me to my next concern. Cheryl is famously private. After what she went through with ex-husband Ashley Cole, she stopped talking about her romantic relationships publicly. Liam, however, seems more than happy to talk about his love life. "At the end of the day, they're totally different people who don't have loads in common," a source told The Sun. "Liam wants to make his pop career work, so he's happy to fly all over the world and keep in touch by FaceTime. He's obsessed with social media and putting his life on there — he loves being famous. Cheryl on the other hand, is very private and her number one priority is Bear."
John Phillips/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Despite reportedly enjoying fame, Liam admitted that the scrutiny his relationship was under did complicate matters. He told ES magazine: "It's difficult, obviously: having someone else who's so high-profile in the media pushes everything that I do to another level, and I think it's weird. It is about making it work for us, not making it work how people think it should work."
Another matter to take into consideration is Liam's intense work schedule this past year. The singer has been trying to launch his solo career, and this has of course involved lots of travelling around the world, meaning time away from Cheryl and their son Bear. "It is fair to say at the moment there is a lot of pressure on both her and Liam," a source told MailOnline in February, "Being apart isn't helping that."
Rita Ora on YouTube
During one of Liam's work trips away to Dubai, the Mirror reported that he had enjoyed a "cosy late night out" with back-up dancer, Chloe Ferns, among other friends. Rumours then spread like wildfire that his eye may have been wondering, despite the fact that Chloe is engaged. However, Cheryl was quick to shut this rumour down on Twitter and explained that Chloe is actually her good friend.
But then there were also rumours about Liam's relationship with Rita Ora — seemingly based only on their friendliness — who he collaborated with on the single For You. Although Cheryl didn't comment on this story, she did watch the pair perform the song together at the BRITS a few months ago and seemed happy to support them. Rita also spoke out during an interview with the Evening Standard, during which she stressed she never wanted to cause any trouble. She said: "I was very professional, as was Liam, and I completely stayed out of it. We had one goal — to promote the single, and we did just that."
One person who is definitely not to blame for Cheriam's split is Cheryl's mum, Joan Callaghan. After the break-up was announced, some speculated that her mother had interfered in the relationship, which added unnecessary pressure on the couple. But Cheryl nipped this rumour in the bud instantly via Twitter.
There are some that believe that the ten year age gap may have played a part in Cheriam's break-up. While this sounds like it might he's shading into some rather sexist assumptions — would people be wondering this if the age gap was the other way round? — during an interview on Nick Grimshaw's Radio 1 Breakfast Show, Liam admitted that the age gap did annoy Cheryl, especially the fact that he was still a teenager when they met. "She doesn't like to talk about that," he said, according to MailOnline. "[Cheryl's] going to be really offended that you called me 12 by the way."
It's possible that we may never really know why Liam and Cheryl really broke up, and to be honest, it's their business. If they want to keep matters private, we should all respect their wishes.
More than 100 people gathered on Saturday to protest the closure of a popular under-highway portage in the heart of cottage country in Minden Township.
Cottagers and residents gathered along Highway 35, demanding the federal government reopen the portage at Moore Falls (about 60 kilometres north of Lindsay, Ont.) which was utilized under a bridge between Gull Lake and Moore Lake.
Two years ago Parks Canada announced plans to close the passage due to safety concerns of water flow and deteriorating boat rollers. The boat rollers were removed earlier this year and replaced with hydraulic booms as Parks Canada stated they placed paddlers at risk of the Moore Lake dam and its fluctuating water flows and levels.
But a trio of lake property owner associations disagree.
The Black Lake Owner's Association, the Moore Lake Owner's Association and the Gull Lake Cottager's Association argue the portage has served the area for more than 85 years.
READ MORE: Kawartha Tubing sunk by provincial park's demands
“Parks Canada recently cut off that portage without consulting the public, which now forces camp paddlers to portage over a busy highway,” stated Neil Hutchings, who launched an online petition.
Hutchings argues the Moore Falls portage has been used without incident for many years and that the water control structure on the Trent Severn Waterway was designed to be integral with Highway 35 and incorporated an under-highway portage as part of its structure.
“Paddlers traversing between Moore and Gull Lakes are now forced to portage across the busy Highway 35 very near to a dangerous curve in the roadway,” he said. “The risk to young kids crossing a highway while portaging a canoe and supplies must surely be greater than any associated risk to using the under–highway portage route.”
RELATED: Number of boaters using Trent Severn Waterway surges, thanks to free passage
Hutchings also said in a June meeting, the Ontario Ministry of Transportation indicated the portaging was safe.
“Signage was promised (on Highway 35) but it has not been installed,” said Hutchings.
The groups want a safe passage tunnel included in design plans for a new Moore Falls bridge.
According to legendary punk manager Danny Fields, David Cassidy wasn't the squeaky-clean teen his fans imagined.
Marking the passing of the “Partridge Family” star who died two weeks ago, Fields — who managed the Ramones and Iggy Pop — wrote an account for PleaseKillMe.com of Cassidy's tragic '74 UK concert, during which a fan was crushed to death.
In the piece, Fields writes that some years after the gig, Cassidy told him, “Like it or not, I had to be publicly cutesy and an eternal virginal teen.”
Fields says that, when pressed for the truth, Cassidy said, “I was a wild f—king maniac, banging every girl I could.”
Kunal Kohli to adapt Ramayana into a film, will cast relatively new actors for the 2019 release
Kunal Kohli has given audiences successful films like Fanaa and Hum Tum. Kohli's latest project is an adaptation of the Indian epic, Ramayana, reports DNA. Kunal said, “I'm producing and directing a movie on the Ramayana. I'm casting relatively new actors for it.”
The filmmaker, who is yet to make an official announcement on the upcoming movie said that he is currently in the process of casting actors for the epic drama. He says he has been working on the project for quite some time now.
As per the same report, when Kohli was asked whether he would make any changes to the plot line in order to cater to modern audiences, the director said, “I'm making it like the epic is. I'm excited about it.”
The film will go on floors in 2018 and is slated to release in 2019.
Kunal was recently seen featuring in Phir Se, a project which he both directed and acted in. Initially, the project was to be released in 2015 but it got delayed for three years, to finally be aired on Netflix. Ajay Bhuyan co-directed the movie which had Jennifer Winget as the female lead. Phir Se dealt with a separated couple based out of London. The film traced the couple's lives as each of them tries to face the consequences of the split.
Updated Date: Jul 04, 2018 15:18 PM
SINGAPORE: Amid "unprecedented growth", Southeast Asia's Internet economy is expected to hit US$50 billion (S$67.55 billion) this year, according to a study released by Google and Singapore-based investment company Temasek Holdings on Tuesday (Dec 12).
All sectors, including online travel, online media, e-commerce and ride hailing, have witnessed "solid growth" in 2017.
With a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 27 per cent, which outpaces initial 10-year projections of 20 per cent, the region is on a "solid trajectory" to exceed an initial prediction for the web economy to grow to about US$200 billion by 2025, the joint research found.
Already the world's fastest growing Internet region, Southeast Asia's Internet user base is showing no signs of slowing down.
By the end of this year, there will be 330 million active internet users monthly - representing an addition of more than 70 million new users since 2015.
Mobile has the "absolute prominence" as the access point and driver of the region's Internet economy, the study added.
Advertisement
Advertisement
More than 90 per cent of Southeast Asia's internet users are on smartphones. They spend an average of 3.6 hours per day on mobile internet, more than in any other region in the world.
E-COMMERCE, RIDE-HAILING SEE The FASTEST GROWTH
Across sectors, e-commerce and ride-hailing services have taken the lead with growth at over 40 per cent.
For the former, growth factors include a boom in consumer engagement and a surge in marketplaces, such as Lazada and Shopee, which provide small and medium businesses with readily accessible platforms to transact online and reach new consumers.
In 2017, overall e-commerce sales in Southeast Asia are reaching US$10.9 billion, up from US$5.5 billion in 2015, the study said.
Mr Rajan Anandan, vice president and managing director for Google Southeast Asia and India, said these encouraging consumer trends mean that current growth rates in the e-commerce sector are likely to continue.
"Dramatic growth" is also happening for the region's ride-hailing services, which are expected to double their gross merchandise value (GMV) to US$5.1 billion in 2017, compared to two years ago.
The research noted that more than 6 million rides per day were booked on top ride-hailing apps, such as Grab and Uber, in the third quarter of 2017. That marks a more than four-fold increase since 2015.
Ride-hailing players are also creating employment and income opportunities with the engagement of more than 2.5 million drivers across the region in the third quarter.
With these players expanding to food delivery, courier services and digital payments, they are well positioned to become Southeast Asia's horizontal personal services leaders given the large and growing base of users and drivers on their platforms, the study said.
This dynamism in the e-commerce and ride hailing sectors in Southeast Asia has attracted significant investment activity.
More than US$12 billion of capital was raised by Southeast Asia's Internet companies between 2016 and the third quarter of 2017, up from just US$1 billion in 2015.
The lion's share of about US$9 billion went to the region's unicorns, such as Indonesia's ride-hailing firm Go-Jek, Grab, Lazada, Razer and Sea Ltd.
This means that access to capital remains a challenge for Southeast Asian start-ups and smaller ventures that are unable to raise funds beyond Series A or seed deals.
"We need to see a few more success stories but as the Series A round companies continue to grow, they will be on the radars," said Mr Rohit Sipahimalani, joint head of portfolio strategy risk group at Temasek.
The shortage of homegrown tech talent also remains an area where continual focus and investments are needed in Southeast Asia.
In particular, the region lacks senior engineering and overall leadership talent that have the expertise to manage a hypergrowth environment, said Mr Sipahimalani.
The rejuvenation of an architectural gem of the East Kootenay continues, with the completion of the latest conservation project to restore the status of the St. Eugene Church on the Aq'am Reserve near Cranbrook as a building of great historic and artistic significance.
The restoration of the church's statuary — luminous examples of religious art, the likes of which are found the churches in Europe — took place over a three-week period between October 19 and November 8.
The St. Eugene Church is one of the few remaining wooden churches from the Victorian era in B.C., opening in 1897 and operating as a church since then, with the exception of a several year in the early 2000s, when the foundation was being refurbished. Attention has since turned to the artwork created along with the church.
The stained glass, for example, as old as the church, is as luminous and intricate as any to be found in the big cathedrals.
“I've had the privilege to go to Rome, and our stained glass measures up to any in [St. Peter's Basilica],” said Sophie Pierre, who took the Townsman on an artistic tour of the St. Eugene Church last week.
In the interstices between the stained glass windows are relief depictions of the 12 Stations of the Cross, created by T. Cardi, the Quebec branch of an Italian company that created religious art for churches in the late 19th century. The names of the artists themselves are unknown, but their work in the Stations of the Cross have stood the test of time, only requiring a little cleaning.
The statuary, however, needed more, detailed restoration work. Over the decades, the large, ornate colourfully painted pieces of sculpture, had suffered chips, small breakages in the detail work, flaking and fading paint, and other attritions of time.
“[T. Cardi's] artwork is well-known in Quebec,” Pierre said. “And we're learning more about it as we go. When we started refurbishing, and started taking stock of what we have, we realized what an artistic treasure the church is, as well as an architectural gem.”
Some 25 figures, dating from the church's founding, were cleaned and repaired by Andrew Todd Conservators, a company out of Vancouver. Pieces include Mary, Jesus, several saints (including St. Eugene), a nativity creche, and a striking relief, five feet long and more than a foot deep, of the Last Supper (based on the painting by Leonardo Da Vinci). This last piece is behind glass, behind the altar.
Alicia Phillips, who headed up the project with direction from Michelle Shortridge, said the conservators (Andrew Todd and Nicola Murray) had a big job to fix and clean the statures, for the first time in 125 years.
“This was work created in the highest traditions of European art,” Phillips said. “Though it took three weeks to do the work, the project was four years in the making.”
The conservators came and lived at the hotel at the resort while they did the work. And some of the restoration they were of remarkable detail. They removed some of the last flakes of paint from a statue of St. Bernadette, for example, matched the color to new paint, and repainted the statue with the exact hues of the original.
Some big jobs remain, not least the hoisting of four big statues to their places on pedestals high on the walls, including the Sacred Heart of Jesus to the place of prominence on the back wall above the altar, facing the entrance. The vintage floor is too delicate to bring in scaffolding or a crane, so there is likely to be some physical straining involved. Stay tuned for details.
Pierre said there are also plans to restore an organ for the choir loft. The original organ had been damaged beyond repair, but a couple of vintage organs have been donated to the Band for use in the church.
“A whole lot of people in the region are going to be happy,” when the restoration is finished, Pierre said.
The church is unique in the province and the region. Although the Columbia Lake and Lower Kootenay bands have heritage churches as well, they are smaller and less ornate. The founding of the St. Eugene Church coincided with the discovery and development of the St. Eugene Mine at Moyie, no longer extant, which ended up being a sister mine to Kimberley's Sullivan Mine. Father Nicolas Coccola, a missionary working among the Ktunaxa, registered a claim on behalf of the Ktunaxa, along with a Kootenai man named Pierre Pielle and a developer named Joseph Cronin, in the vicinity of Moyie Lake. Coccola and Pielle later sold their claims, and Coccola put the profits towards the building of the church, as well as the building of the hospital.
The hospital is gone, but the church still stands one of the original buildings in the Kootenay region, a working church and a heritage treasure.
Man arrested for child abuse after school reports injuries
FLORENCE–Police arrested Marieo Foster on Friday following an investigation into child abuse.The incident was reported by the Florence City School System. Foster is accused of striking a 10 year old child and causing injury to the child. In this case, according to police, the parent took disciplining a child too far. Injuries were identified throughout the child's' body.
Based on the injuries, their frequency, and location, detectives are confident that they were no accident and that Mr. Foster intended to hurt the child. Lauderdale DHR was contacted and the child was placed in protective custody pending their investigation. Foster was arrested without incident and was booked into the Lauderdale County Detention Center. He was released on bail totaling $5,000.
Shoals Insider
SINGAPORE: Three British men accused of raping an intoxicated, unconscious woman at the Carlton Hotel last September pleaded guilty to reduced charges of aggravated outrage of modesty on Monday (Aug 14), four days into their trial.
The trio, who have sent individual letters of apology to the 23-year-old victim, will be sentenced on Tuesday morning.
Prosecutors are seeking seven years' jail and caning for Khong Tam Thanh, 22, and Vu Thai Son, 24, who were convicted of two charges each. One is for aggravated outrage of modesty – for “wrongfully restraining” the victim while sexually assaulting her and and the other is for molesting her. As for Michael Le, 24, prosecutors are seeking six years' jail and caning. He was convicted of one count of aggravated outrage of modesty.
The trio, who are of Vietnamese descent, admitted that they took turns to have sex with the intoxicated and unconscious woman on Sep 10, 2016, between 4am and 5am. “They objectified her and treated her like a thing to be used and abused, for their own selfish sexual gratification,” Deputy Public Prosecutor G Kannan said.
The High Court heard the trio and their friends had arrived in Singapore on Sep 9, 2016 for a bachelor party. The men headed to nightclub Zouk the next day, where another member of their group, Richard Ahn, met the victim. At her suggestion, Ahn took her back to his room at Carlton Hotel, where they had consensual sex before she fell asleep, drunk.
At about 4am, Richard let Khong into the room and left him alone with the woman. Khong admitted he molested her and sexually assaulted her. When the victim moved in her sleep, Khong restrained her by holding on to her wrists, the court heard. Khong left the room at 4.25am, leaving the door ajar for Vu, who entered two minutes later.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Vu admitted he got into bed with the victim, who was naked, and molested her. He then sexually assaulted her, pulling her back to him when she again moved in her sleep. Vu left the room at 4.50am. Le entered a minute later, pushing open the door Vu had left ajar.
Le said Vu had told him that he had just had sex with the victim, and told him that he should go to room 1660, where the victim was still asleep. Le admitted he sexually assaulted the woman, and restrained her by putting his arms over her to stop her from turning away.
The victim woke up suddenly and pushed Le away, demanding to know who he was. They had a “heated exchange” before Le left the room at about 5am, DPP Kannan told the court. The victim locked the door, only opening it for Ahn at about 5.20am.
The victim, suspecting that he was involved in what had happened to her, confronted Ahn before leaving the hotel over an hour later. She called a friend to pick her up, telling him that one of Ahn's friends had had sex with her while she was asleep. She lodged a police report later that day.
Khong's mobile phone records show he sent a flurry of messages to Ahn between 5.35am and 5.45am, asking him to “throw the doms (condoms) out the window”. This amounts to an obstruction of justice, DPP Kannan said, because Khong had “instigated” Ahn to get rid of objective evidence that he had had sex with the victim.
Vu, on the other hand, did not use a condom, exposing the victim to the risk of pregnancy or a sexually transmitted disease, DPP Kannan said.
Defence lawyer Shashi Nathan, who represented Khong, said his client is “not a reckless young boy, but a loving father”. What he did was “rash and reckless, and he's regretted it since that day”, Mr Nathan said.
In a letter to the victim, Khong apologised for causing her “hurt and distress”. “What I did was wrong,” he wrote, offering S$5,000 in compensation, in the hopes that the money would “go a little way" in making things up to her.
Vu's lawyer Kalidass Murugaiyan said the fact that Vu had come forward to admit is wrongdoing was a “significant” mitigating factor. The victim, who was unconscious throughout the assault, was not aware Vu had had sex with her.
In his letter, Vu apologised to the victim for “causing you so much unhappiness” and told her he deserved to be in jail. “I hope one day you can forgive me,” he wrote.
Mr Ramesh Tiwary, who represented Le, said this incident has “taught him a lesson he'll never forget”. Le's letter to the victim “speaks volumes of his remorse”, the lawyer said.
Last week we celebrated Pi week with nine new Raspberry Pi articles. Also, advice for advanced developers from A. Jesse (staff engineer at MongoDB) created lots of conversation on HackerNews.
Here's the list of reader favorites from March 12-18:
Call for articles
We want to see your JavaScript story ideas. Send article proposals, along with brief outlines, to rikki@opensource.com.
We're always looking for folks to help spread the word about all of the great open source applications available for Linux users. Here are a few ideas to spur your thinking. Want to claim one? Let me know.
Top X open source astronomy tools
Top X open source bitcoin wallets
Top X open source chemistry tools
Top X open source telephony tools
Top X open source webcam tools
Today I was pleased to hear from another writer who says that contributing to Opensource.com helped him land a new job at an open source organization. Learn more about how writing can change your career for the better, even if you don't identify as a writer.
All Thing Open and LISA18 CFPs now open
Every year a bunch of our community moderators and writers join the Opensource.com editorial team in Raleigh for All Things Open. We look forward to seeing so many friends and making new ones at this affordable event, which attracts a great mix of speakers and topics, exhibitors, and attendees. The call for talk proposals is open until April 24th. If you want feedback on your talk idea, drop into our #opensource.com Freenode IRC channel—often our moderators, editors, and writers are hanging out and eager to help.
The CFP for LISA18 also opened recently, and Brendan Gregg (Netflix) and I will co-chair this year's event, which will be held Oct 29-31 in downtown Nashville. Do you have something to say about the present and future of Ops? If so, send in your talk proposal by May 24th. Follow LISA on Twitter to stay updated on deadlines and announcements. If you have questions or feedback, contact us at lisa18chairs@usenix.org.
Clayton Kershaw ran into trouble in the seventh, always a troublesome inning for Kershaw in the playoffs, to close within 7-4.
Get complete coverage from inside and outside of Dodger Stadium from our team of reporters and photographers, including columnists Bill Plaschke and Dylan Hernandez and Dodgers beat writer Andy McCullough.
HOOTEN AND LADY ALEX CONFRONT THE PAST — Alex (Ophelia Lovibond) heads to Moscow to help Hooten (Michael Landes) search for a lost Fabergé egg and confronts her arch enemy, who now works for a questionable black market collector. Hooten meets his mentor who sends them on a risky adventure. Jane Seymour, Jonathan Bailey and Shaun Parkes also star. Julian Holmes directed the episode written by Sarah Phelps (#106). Original airdate: Monday, August 14, 2017 @ 9pm
Like this: Like Loading...
Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal with the Melbourne Rebels in a major coup for the struggling Super Rugby club.
MELBOURNE: Wallabies scrumhalf Will Genia has signed a two-year deal with the Melbourne Rebels in a major coup for the struggling Super Rugby club.
The 29-year-old had been expected to slot back into his old team, the Queensland Reds, after returning home from a stint with Parisian club Stade Francais.
But last week, Genia cast doubt on a return to the team where he won the 2011 championship under coach Ewen McKenzie, citing the Reds' full complement of scrumhalves.
The 78-test veteran instead joins a team that finished bottom of the Australian conference with a solitary win and was only recently assured of continuing in the competition next season after a protracted process to cull a local side.
The Australian Rugby Union said in April it would axe either the Rebels or the Western Force as Super Rugby contracts from 18 teams to 15 next year, but the governing body only announced its decision to remove the Force last Friday.
The Force are still fighting to remain in Super Rugby and have lodged an appeal with the Supreme Court of New South Wales which will be heard next week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
"I'm really looking forward to joining the guys down in Melbourne, they have a great young team with plenty still to achieve in Super Rugby, so I'm excited to get stuck in 2018," Genia said in a statement.
"First and foremost I'm there to contribute to the desired success of the club on the field through my performance and ability as a player.
"After that, it'll be a great chance to bring some of the things I've learned over the years to the club, and help drive the club forward."
The Rebels are yet to make the playoffs since joining the competition in 2011 and endured a terrible, injury-blighted season in 2017 as players toiled under the threat of an uncertain future.
The team is looking for a new coach after former Munster boss and Wallabies assistant Tony McGahan ended his four-year tenure at the end of the regular season.
Force coach Dave Wessels has been linked with the role, if the Perth team loses its legal fight and is dissolved.
Earlier this month, former owner Andrew Cox handed the Rebels' licence back to the sport's state governing body, the Victorian Rugby Union, in a move both parties said had secured the team's future in Super Rugby.
The Rebels have since announced a raft of new signings, with former Wallaby Tetera Faulkner crossing from the Force on a two-year deal and Japan number eight Amanaki Mafi taking a one-year extension.
Genia, who has captained the Wallabies a number of times and played at the 2011 and 2015 World Cups, is expected to start in Michael Cheika's side in the Rugby Championship opener against the All Blacks in Sydney on Saturday.
(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
CANNON TOWNSHIP, Mich. (WOOD) — Thanks to a recent blast of winter weather in West Michigan, Cannonsburg Ski Area near Rockford plans to officially open for the season Saturday.
It would mark the ski area's earliest opening day in years.
24 Hour News 8 stopped by the hill Monday as snow guns were churning out man-made snow and light flakes were falling from the sky.
An early opener is much needed at Cannonsburg. Event coordinator Danielle Musto said the past two winters were two of the ski area's worst in the past 50 years.
Two years ago, the ski area didn't open until after New Year's Day. Last year, the hill was open a week before Christmas — the first time it had happened in seven years — but the season was eventually cut short by mild weather.
The crew at Cannonsburg hopes this year's early opening day is a sign of a long winter ahead and a chance to capitalize on the holiday season.
“That's always the goal, to open before Christmas. And the weather's cooperating so far,” Musto said. “Our phones have been ringing off the hook and so many people are just excited to get out here.”
Cannonsburg plans to open as much of the hill as possible this weekend, including the tubing hill and terrain park.
It officially opens at 9 a.m. Saturday.
—
Online:
Cannonsburg website
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
CHARLOTTE – Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools changed the end of the grading period for student report cards to Jan. 24, due to school closings for severe weather.
K-5 report cards will be sent home Feb. 9. Middle and high school report cards will be sent home Feb. 16.
The literacy portion of the K-2 report card has been consolidated based on teacher and parent feedback.
Due to these revisions, the grades for the first quarter do not appear on the revised version but have been filed at the school for permanent record.
Back on February 28, we reported Donald Trump‘s idea of stopping drug crimes was to give drug dealers the death penalty. According to Axios.com, “Five sources who've spoken with Trump about the subject, he often leaps into a passionate speech about how drug dealers are as bad as serial killers and should all get the death penalty.” Trump is allegedly inspired by Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who has executed 10,000 drug dealers and drugs users in the past two years These executions are taking place on the street and, reportedly, the police are killing more people than the criminals.
Today, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement backing Trump's violent policy, saying, “Drug dealers show no respect for human dignity and put their own greed ahead of the safety and even the lives of others. He also added that the Justice Department “will continue to aggressively prosecute drug traffickers and we will use federal law to seek the death penalty wherever appropriate.” See the full statement below:
Inbox: Attorney General Jeff Sessions Issues Statement on President Trump's Plan to End the Devastating Opioid Epidemic
Me reading it: 😳 pic.twitter.com/3bmaQ8Lam4 — Aaron L. Morrison (@aaronlmorrison) March 19, 2018
This language is terrifying, but Trump has already been empowering prosecutors to charge dealers with a capital crime.
“Law enforcement outfits in 20 states are authorized to pursue ‘drug-induced homicide' charges when a given overdose can be connected back to the point of sale, and other states provide slightly more roundabout ways to charge a dealer with a capital crime,” Think Progress reported.
This is particularly horrific for the Black community. Black men receive harsher sentences for drug crimes due to the “war on drugs” and the 1994 crime reform bill.
“African Americans represent 12.5% of illicit drug users, but 29% of those arrested for drug offenses and 33% of those incarcerated in state facilities for drug offenses,” according to the NAACP. If the Black community is disproportionately incarcerated, then we would be disproportionately murdered under the Trump administration potential new policy.
See the video below of Trump calling for death of drug dealers.
SEE ALSO:
Concordia College Closing Its Doors, Collapsing Under A Challenge That Many HBCUs Face
Reward To Find Missing Morehouse Grad Grows In Suspicious Disappearance
Students rally to save seats: Campaign calls for College to lower barriers for Syrian refugees
This past week, the Books Not Bombs campaign at the College of William and Mary launched a week of events in partnership with Amnesty International to urge the College to "save seats" for Syrian refugees in the undergraduate admissions process. COURTESY PHOTO / NAIRUTI SHASTRY
Sunday, April 16, students gathered on the Sunken Garden for the Rise for Refugees Vigil, ending a week of events designed to encourage College of William and Mary students to support “saving a seat” for students displaced by conflict in Syria. This week was in support of Books Not Bombs, a growing campaign at the College.
In an event advertised as a vigil, students gathered to demonstrate what saving a seat would actually look like.
Nairuti Shastry '17, the founder of the College's Books Not Bombs campaign, got her inspiration for the initiative while studying abroad in Belgium. There, she worked with primarily disadvantaged, Middle Eastern populations, many of whom were refugees. After a terrorist attack in Belgium, she said that many of the people she was working with changed how they treated the disadvantaged populations, which upset her because she was working with an organization that highlighted values such as diversity and inclusion.
When she returned to the College, Shastry, who is an immigrant herself, decided to start an initiative that focused on refugee populations, particularly one that would lower institutional and financial barriers that refugees face.
“We did a lot of research, and we stumbled upon Books Not Bombs,” Shastry said. “It has a lot of university affiliates across the country, including big names like the University of Virginia, Dartmouth and Columbia. I didn't see William and Mary though. We wanted to bring this campaign to our campus since we have such a strong international focus, and we work with lots of organizations that are committed to social justice.”
According to Shastry, 11 million people have been displaced because of conflict in Syria. The United Nations considers 4.5 million of these people to be refugees. Within the United States, there are 12,000 college-aged Syrian refugees and 2,500 college-aged students unable to pursue higher education due to financial barriers.
Books Not Bombs is a student-led campaign that goes along with the Institute for International Education and the Syria Consortium, which was founded in 2012. The Institute for International Education is made up of 75 universities and advocates for students seeking admission at colleges and universities.
If the College were to join the Institute of International Education, it would “save seats” for Syrian refugees in the undergraduate and graduate admissions process. According to Shastry, this would lessen educational barriers for those students displaced by the conflict.
This is to make sure we are living up to our values of a strong, liberal arts institution with a strong international focus,” Shastry said.
“This is to make sure we are living up to our values of a strong, liberal arts institution with a strong international focus,” Shastry said. “We need to be true to our community of Tribe Pride.”
March 14, Shastry presented her campaign to the Student Assembly Senate to rally support for the Books Not Bombs Resolution, which was passed by a vote of unanimous consent. This resolution codified SA support for the initiative and was sponsored by Class of 2020 President Kelsey Vita '20.
Vita said that she believes it is SA's duty to send a message that the College is in support of all students, including international students and refugees.
I strongly believe it is our duty as a representative body to send a loud, clear message that William and Mary is a place where every student that works hard and wants to pursue a higher education will have the opportunity to succeed,” Vita said.
“I strongly believe it is our duty as a representative body to send a loud, clear message that William and Mary is a place where every student that works hard and wants to pursue a higher education will have the opportunity to succeed,” Vita said. “This resolution addresses an issue that is concerning not only to activist student groups on campus, but also the world as a whole, and furthers our mission as a college to ‘instill in its students an appreciation for the human condition, a concern for the public well-being and a lifelong commitment to learning.'”
Shastry said she worked with Associate Dean of Admission and Director of Global Recruitment Deborah Basket to figure out details of admission and finances. Shastry said that Basket emphasized that if the College joined the Consortium, it would not create a quota system for admissions. Most likely, Shastry said, the College would set aside money for refugees, and if qualifying students were accepted, they would receive money to attend.
“A lot of other universities have joined the Consortium,” Shastry said. “I would imagine we would have to talk to the Board of Visitors and assume that there would be some tuition assistance through the financial aid department, but I do see a lot of private scholarships being sponsored by the BOV or student organizations on campus to cover other associated costs of attending of college.”
This past week, Books Not Bombs partnered with the College's chapter of Amnesty International for their “Rise for Refugees” week. Books Not Bombs held their own events at the end, including a documentary screening of “White Helmets,” a roundtable discussion of students and professors and the vigil for Syrians on Sunday night. Shiyam Galyon, one of Books Not Bombs' national coordinators, also attended the vigil.
If the College were to join the Institute for International Education, administrators would fill out an application on the Institute's website. Each university explains its admissions requirements and what they're looking for in students. Then, the Institute guides each university through the process.
“I just want to emphasize that this is not associated with the quota system,” Shastry said. “This is not reserving a certain number of seats. If you don't meet the requirements, you're not accepted. This is to reduce the logistical barriers. It's saving a seat in the metaphorical.”
Disqualifications in 2017 general election based on threats of violence against CEO
Even though the 2017 Student Federation of the University of Ottawa (SFUO) general election is over, there are still some lingering questions that remain unanswered. Throughout the campaign, allegations were raised about some candidates, while others were disqualified from the race leading up to the Feb. 8–10 voting days.
The SFUO held a special Board of Administration (BOA) meeting on Monday, Feb. 13 to hear appeals related to these disqualifications.
Jeremy Russell appeal
On Feb. 10, the SFUO revealed that five BOA candidates were disqualified from the race after complaints were brought to the elections office starting on Feb. 6.
These candidates were Jordan Kent (Faculty of Social Sciences), Michele Di Franco (Faculty of Social Sciences), Davis Schwartz (Faculty of Social Sciences), David Gallo (Telfer School of Management), and Jeremy Russell (Faculty of Science). All of these candidates belonged to the Students First slate.
Following appeals to the elections committee, Kent, Schwartz, and Gallo were reinstated as candidates, while Di Franco ultimately withdrew his Feb. 10 appeal to be reinstated. Russell's disqualification was upheld until his appeal to be reinstated at the Feb. 13 meeting.
Mikayla Vattiata, a representative from the Faculty of Social Sciences and a member of the elections committee, told the board that while the committee had held individual meetings with each of the candidates initially disqualified. As Russell was not able to provide enough evidence for his case, it was brought before the board to be discussed.
The case surrounded a group conversation on Facebook between members of the Students First slate where, in a game of “most likely to,” Russell was voted “most likely to punch the CEO.”
Screenshots of the conversation were presented to the elections committee by an unnamed source within the slate, and Russell was disqualified on the grounds of contributing to an atmosphere of violence and bullying. The other candidates were also disqualified for the same reason, but since this comment was only about Russell, they were able to provide enough evidence to make their case and be reinstated.
During Russell's appeal, he formally apologized to the CEO, Qussai Abu-Naqoos. Russell said he was unaware that endorsing these comments made about him regarding Abu-Naqoos constituted bullying and violence, and he said that he would not have endorsed such comments had he been priorly aware of their magnitude.
Abu-Naqoos then brought up comments from another group conversation between candidates in the Students First slate, where Gallo made further, more serious threats against Abu-Naqoos.
These comments made by Gallo inferred that he wanted to “have (Abu-Naqoos') neck,” so that “his head wouldn't be attached to his body.”
Russell said that while he was part of this group conversation, he was not aware of the comments made by Gallo until he was informed by Gallo separately.
Abu-Naqoos said that he initially withheld these threats made against him, but highlighted his concerns over how someone else would have reacted to them, had these comments been made against another person.
Rizki Rachiq, vice-president of finance for the SFUO, asked Abu-Naqoos if he ever felt his safety was jeopardized, to which Abu-Naqoos said “yes,” highlighting that men, specifically men of colour, are expected to not feel threatened by violent comments.
Abu-Naqoos then said he would be hesitant to have Russell and the other candidates on the slate who were involved in the conversation serve on the board in the coming year due to the ease at which they treated these comments.
The board then entered an in-camera session to discuss Russell's appeal to be reinstated in the ballot count for the BOA's Faculty of Science.
Following an approximately hour-long in-camera session, the board voted via secret ballot to uphold the elections office's decision to maintain Russell's disqualification.
The results of the vote were 14 in favour, two against, and four abstentions.
Abu-Naqoos then brought forward an appeal to overturn the elections office's decision to reinstate Davis, Kent, and Schwartz.
By approximately 8:45 p.m., Faculty of Arts representative Jocelyn Cadieux proposed that, in the interest of time, the board should discuss this appeal at the next BOA meeting. This motion passed.
Tanner Tallon's complaint
A motion was then brought forward by Tanner Tallon, a candidate for the position of vice-president of finance, regarding the incident at the Feb. 1 debate where Rachiq allegedly showed the audience Tallon's timesheet, claims which Rachiq said were false.
According to Vattiata, Tallon brought this issue to the elections committee, but Abu-Naqoos concluded that there was insufficient evidence surrounding Tallon's claims that Rachiq violated any rules.
Tallon then played a clip of the debate, quoted the Fulcrum's coverage of the debate and Tallon and Rachiq's statements regarding this incident, and read a number of laws regarding employee privacy rights.
Tallon said that while his own timesheet was not displayed, Rachiq publicly announcing his hours during the debate was a breach of his privacy rights as an employee.
Tallon went on to say that Rachiq had used formal SFUO human resource documentation as a candidate in the election, which was a violation of the election rules, and he ultimately called for Rachiq's disqualification from the position for the coming year.
The board then entered another in-camera session to discuss the matter. Following this session, the board voted that the elections office would release an official statement regarding Tallon's complaint against Rachiq.
Another special BOA meeting has been scheduled for Feb. 26 at 1 p.m., location TBA. Meetings are open to the public.
Correction: A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that Michele Di Franco has withdrawn his appeal after being reinstated as a candidate. The article has been updated to reflect this change. The Fulcrum sincerely regrets this error.
TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to a controversial shrine to war dead on Tuesday, the anniversary of Japan's World War Two surrender, but did not visit in person in an apparent effort to avoid increasing regional tensions.
Masahiko Shibayama, a lawmaker who made the offering on Abe's behalf, said he did so to express condolences for those who died in the war and to pray for peace. He added that Abe said he was sorry he could not visit the Yasukuni shrine.
Past visits by Japanese leaders to Yasukuni have outraged Beijing and Seoul because it honours 14 Japanese leaders convicted by an Allied tribunal as war criminals, along with other war dead. Abe himself has only visited once since becoming prime minister again in 2012.
Maintaining harmony with China and Seoul is now more important than every amid heightened tensions in Asia in the wake of North Korean missile tests, threats from Pyongyang to strike the area around the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam and U.S. President Donald Trump warning of retaliation.
"After the war, our country has consistently taken steps as a country that abhors war and treasures peace, and has made efforts to promote the peace and prosperity of the world," Abe said at a national ceremony to honour war dead on Tuesday.
"We intend to keep this immovable policy firmly, throughout the ages, while facing history with humility."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Abe visited the Yasukuni shrine in 2013, an action that prompted criticism from key ally the United States as well as from Asian nations, but has sent offerings on August 15 and during Yasukuni's twice yearly festivals.
Dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited the shrine along with scores of ordinary Japanese, a move prompting a protest from media in China, which with South Korea views the shrine as a symbol of Japan's past militarism.
The official People's Liberation Army Daily wrote in a commentary on Tuesday that the anniversary should be a time for Japan to reflect on its history, not to "go further down the forked road of harming Sino-Japanese ties and regional peace and stability".
Tensions in the region weighed on the minds of many who visited the shrine.
"I am furious about the threat from North Korea," said Katsuhiko Ikeda, 78.
"North Korea's missile threat towards Guam means anything would pass by Japan, and if anything happened, it could affect us."
(Additional reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka and Linda Sieg in TOKYO and Ben Blanchard in BEIJING, writing by Elaine Lies; Editing by Michael Perry and Linda Sieg)
All Capitol employees who were subjected to a random drug test by the Cebu Provincial Anti-Drug Abuse Office (CPADAO) tested negative for illegal drugs use.
CPADAO conducted a random drug test on 158 Capitol employees from the executive department on Monday.
According to CPADAO head Ivy Durano-Meca, all of the employees tested negative.
ADVERTISEMENT
There are about 1,500 people employed by the Capitol. Meca said the drug tests are conducted randomly as part of their drive to also ensure the Capitol offices are free of drugs.
“So ang na drug test gahapon are all the offices under the executive but it is randomly conducted sa tanan na mga offices,” she said.
Spring stirs the wanderlust that has settled to the bottoms of our hibernating souls. The first rays of spring sunlight filter into our musty souls, and the urge to explore presses upon us.
Wrapped in flannels, Bon Iver anthems humming in headphones, students take to the streets. Then, the wanderer's heart sighs. “Where in this flat, brown, desolate land, will my roaming soul be satisfied?” it laments. Adventure is found in the most unassuming places. It only takes a willing heart to find them.
Grab your Vans, grab your Penny board, and take a walk.
1. A concrete cinder block covered in bright paint at the Field of Dreams on the edge of town, past Pizza and Barbeque, should be the starting point of the journey. Open fields and art in the bathroom: it is quaint, artistic. Calming.
2. Across from the Field of Dreams, a remnant of a Midwest ghost town shivers and shakes in the wind. The dated air conditioning units, exposed plywood, and rusted metal sides make the whistling wind especially haunting.
3. Let your wandering sneakers tread their way to the train tracks for true industrial inspiration. Obviously, the best idea is to stand dramatically in the middle of the tracks and ponder the human existence.
4. The train station and surrounding buildings offer the inquiring soul plenty of opportunity for exploration. The architecture of the station is intricate and time-worn. Dust from your scuffed steps stings your eyes, and the sun-baked bricks smell earthy.
5. Meander, restless heart, among the rocks in the rubble on the side of the tracks. Feel the smallness of your soul next to the large industrial animals, the silent engines – kings of the iron jungle.
6. Behind St. Anthony's, traveler, at the corner of Cook and Ferris, there are more spaces for you to wander. A building that has a door on the third floor sparks all sort of deep thoughts. You turn the music up a little on your phone and snap an Instagram photo.
7. Ponder a caption. This might take time, and that's okay.
8. Use this quote from “North and South.”
I wish I could tell you how lonely I am. How cold and harsh it is here. Everywhere there is conflict and unkindness. I think God has forsaken this place. I believe I have seen hell and it's white, it's snow-white. – Elizabeth Gaskell
9. The shipping docks are only a street down. Kick the rocks that rest in the road as you trek along. A burnt red building with windows of broken glass. The Hillsdale water tower is in the distance. Water is the source of life. Water is cool. Keep walking.
10. In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone. ― Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter
11. But the cloud never comes in that quarter of the horizon from which we watch for it. ― Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South
Water Affairs Minister Nomvula Mokonyane has criticised ANC presidential hopeful Cyril Ramaphosa for being two-faced towards President Jacob Zuma and warns that there is “danger” about him.
“I sit with them [Ramaphosa and Zuma] in the national executive committee (NEC), national working committee (NWC) and Cabinet and you see them laughing and sharing sweets from the president. The president is like Father Christmas, he always carries sweets and they laugh. Sometimes they disrupt our discussions in the NEC, NWC and in Cabinet, kanti [meanwhile]you laugh like that, but deep down in your heart you are saying ‘you damn rapist',” Mokonyane told City Press.
The tongue lashing followed Ramaphosa's saying this week that he believes Fezekile Ntsukela Kuzwayo's claims that Zuma raped her.
This week, Mokonyane received a surprise nomination for the position of ANC treasurer-general from KwaZulu-Natal on the Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma slate.
Mokonyane avoided speaking about her nomination, saying she would wait until the elective conference next weekend, when the party's electoral commission will ask her if she will accept it.
“I am humbled by what the branches have said in KwaZulu-Natal, where I was deployed, but also the few numbers I got in Gauteng, the Free State and North West.”
With six days to go before the ANC elects Zuma's successor, supporters for Dlamini-Zuma and Ramaphosa have come out swinging.
She criticised Ramaphosa for not being more vocal during Zuma's rape trial. He had more freedom to speak out then.
“I couldn't believe that we can have a leader of that nature. Why did he remain quiet? At that time [the rape trial]it was better because he was a businessman. He walked away when he was not elected deputy president by president Nelson Mandela.
“He walked away and now he says all these things and, by the way, fighting a man who he knows is leaving.”
She said she would remain in the ANC even if her preferred candidate, Dlamini-Zuma, did not emerge victorious.
“It will be the will of the ANC members if he [Ramaphosa] wins. I will not vote for him. And I can talk to those I can influence and say why I will not. But should it happen that he gets voted in, I will serve under him.”
She said Dlamini-Zuma possessed the characteristics desperately needed by the ANC.
“What makes me mad is the insinuation of her being an ex of somebody. To this day, we don't know what her and Zuma's differences were. She never became an enemy of comrade Zuma – those are things you need in a leader. Someone who can keep ANC matters in the ANC, rather than going out like we saw with the deputy president.”
The view that the ANC would find itself in the opposition benches after the 2019 general elections if Dlamini-Zuma won, was a negative narrative created by those already plotting to leave the ANC, Mokonyane said.
“It is people who are preparing for a loss and then who want to justify their contributions to the demise of the ANC.
“When there is a policy position of the ANC, uSis Nkosazana will go for it. She will carry it, despite unpopularity. But with these [Dlamini-Zuma's detractors] the challenge is, you can't trust them with championing the cause of the ANC.
“Look at what is happening now with Steinhoff – they are all dead silent. Look at the issue of unemployment and poverty, they are quiet and instead what they say is that radical economic transformation was written by some people in Britain. They refuse to own ANC policies.
“I am scared of a leader like that.”
Mokonyane said these were trying times for the party leadership, worsened by a problematic top six.
“In the top six everyone other than comrade Jessie [Duarte] wants to be the president. It is a reflection of the problem of that top six. It means these are comrades who are not speaking to one another, who have been envious of the one in the top position.
“The worst thing that they did was to be the first to go out, even before branches could nominate them, to say they are available to be president.”
Members of the top six who have availed themselves for the position of president are: ANC treasurer-general Zweli Mkhize, chairperson Baleka Mbete and Ramaphosa.
NDZ will take ANC to Guptas
Bheki Cele believes Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma's top six line-up will see ANC headquarters being relocated to Saxonwold.
The general says he has no issues politically with presidential frontrunner Dlamini-Zuma herself. However, the people on her slate will bring about the demise of the ANC.
“I know Nkosazana. We have worked together. I have no political issues with her. But her line-up is the Guptas' lineup. That means this war that we are fighting against the damage the Guptas are doing will be perpetuated. It means that one day, the headquarters of the ANC will go to Saxonwold.
“The Guptas landed at the military base [Waterkloof], used blue lights to go to their wedding and got R30m from the Free State government and then you say that person [Ace Magashule] must be secretary?”
Magashule had been touted for the position of ANC secretary-general, an office Cele described as “the engine of the ANC”.
Magashule was allegedly involved in helping a Gupta-linked company get millions from the Free State government to set up a R570m dairy project.
Cele made his preference for a presidential candidate known earlier this year, when he expressed support for the ANC's unwritten tradition that the deputy president succeed the president.
“I am now beyond tradition. I am supporting the man [Cyril Ramaphosa] now. The man just happens to coincide with the tradition,” he said.
“He is one of the people who got the blessing from former president Nelson Mandela and the ANC to go to business.
“The following NEC he was number one on the list, which means no one in the ANC had an issue with him and he has remained in the NEC since. He was then brought back in Mangaung.
“He never abandoned the ANC. Human beings must not be yo-yoed – when you want to, you bring them back, when you don't, they must go.”
The former police commissioner said that he believed Ramaphosa was “capable and competent”.
“That thing of him being capital [friendly]must be stopped. He never took his money from the Guptas. If anyone claims his money was ill-gotten, they must come with proof.
“There is nowhere where it is said he went and did a cash heist. If he did that, they must tell us.”
Cele believes he and other prominent Ramaphosa supporters could become the victims of smear campaigns ahead of next weekend's conference.
He said they had been warned to watch their backs – a threat he has not taken lightly.
“People have come to me with warnings and, in the province that I come from, warnings tend to be serious and linked to your life. So if you don't get Prav'd out [kicked out of Cabinet]like Pravin Gordhan was, they could do a Sindiso Magaqa on you. It is not far-fetched in KwaZulu-Natal.” Magaqa, a former ANC Youth League secretary-general, was shot dead in Umzimkhulu in July, allegedly for his attempts to fight corruption.
“When a motorbike drives past me on the road now, I get anxious. This issue affects even our families, who also live in fear,” Cele said.
He said delegates at next week's conference must avoid a battle like the one between supporters of then president Thabo Mbeki and Zuma in Polokwane in 2007, which tore the ANC apart.
“Our decisions, because of the high emotions during that period, were poisoned. I don't think they were well-thought-out decisions ahead of Polokwane. That is where the ANC fractured. Polokwane did a lot of damage. We came back and we were triumphant, but the ANC was splintering.
“The camaraderie that we knew was no longer there. We were suspicious of each other. You do a small thing that you think is correct and people would say, ‘Oh yes that is a Mbeki person' or ‘There goes that Zuma person'.”
He refuted claims that Ramaphosa and his supporters would leave the ANC if they did not succeed. He said the foot soldiers of the Dlamini-Zuma campaign – like Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile Masina – had threatened to walk if their candidate did not emerge victorious.
“There is no way I will leave the ANC if Nkosazana is elected. Ask those who say they will go where they will go, or if they will form their own thing.”
[Source: City Press]
Comments
comments
Content Disclaimer
The information, advice and answers displayed in this section of KHON2.com are those of individual sponsors and not KHON-TV/Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. KHON2.com presents this content on behalf of each participating sponsor. Sponsored content is copyrighted to its respective sponsor unless otherwise indicated.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Tuesday said he wants to withdraw American troops from Syria “relatively soon” but not before their mission is completed, adding that negotiations over the crisis there should be part of a larger deal regarding Iran.
People walk in a street during a media tour in Douma near Damascus, Syria April 23, 2018. REUTERS/ Ali Hashisho
“We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint, and that was a very big part of our discussion,” Trump said at a joint news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron at the White House.
MOSCOW: England's victory over Colombia on Tuesday will be remembered by their fans for the nerve-jangling breaking of their penalty shootout hoodoo but it was also the night when many of the doubts and questions over Gareth Southgate's side were answered.
Prior to the tournament, most observers agreed that Southgate had an enviable array of attacking talent to choose from.
Advertisement
With Harry Kane, whose six goals in the tournament are no real surprise, leading the line and Raheem Sterling, Dele Alli and Jesse Lingard behind him, England have exciting talent in their front line.
Southgate also has plenty of alternatives for those roles in Jamie Vardy, Marcus Rashford, Danny Welbeck and Ruben Loftus-Cheek, but the doubts were focussed on his defence and inexperienced goalkeepers.
Coming into the Round of 16 clashes against Colombia, England's rearguard had yet to be truly tested.
Tunisia and Panama barely probed the three-man central defence, while the final group game against Belgium saw both sides field reserve line-ups, rendering any analysis irrelevant.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Colombia though certainly had the quality, will and opportunity to exploit any weaknesses in Southgate's defence and, while the late header from Yerry Mina forced extra-time, the backline passed their examination in impressive fashion.
Harry Maguire and John Stones were chosen by Southgate primarily because of their ability to play the ball out of defence and for their comfort in possession.
They have shown those qualities in this tournament but on Tuesday, under pressure and facing dangerous players of the ability of Radamel Falcao and Juan Cuardado they also showed they have all the defensive basics in place.
More than that, even though Colombia were attacking in numbers, at times in frenetic fashion, Stones and Maguire, along with Kyle Walker, were still able to play the ball out of the back with a calmness rarely seen in an England side.
FANTASTIC SAVE
Behind them, Jordan Pickford, the 24-year-old goalkeeper in just his seventh England appearance, had a night he will never forget.
He was the hero of the penalty shootout, saving Carlos Bacca's spot kick to allow Eric Dier the chance to win the contest for England.
In the game, he pulled off what was surely the save of the tournament, diving at full stretch to keep our an incredible long-range volley from Mateus Uribe.
It has been noted, most recently by Belgium shot-stopper Thibaut Courtois that there are many taller keepers than the 6ft-1in Pickford and Southgate could not resist a dry dig back.
"It was a top class save and I was surprised he could reach it given his height," he said with a grin.
"His athleticism around the goal is excellent and he executed the plan in the penalty shootout.
"We'd studied all their takers, and great credit should go to the collective of staff, and to Jordan, for taking on board that information and preparing in the right way.
"You don't always get what you deserve in life but I think we did against Colombia."
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by John O'Brien)
Mamerto Vazquez searches for family members presumably killed by the eruption of the Volcano of Fire at his home buried in volcanic ash in San Miguel Los Lotes, Guatemala, on June 14. (Rodrigo Abd / Associated Press)
My friend Ronni makes the world's best granola. She has given me the recipe, of course, but as it requires the purchasing and then dragging in and careful roasting of many wholesome and bulky ingredients, I'm more inclined to beg some from her than follow her example.
Plus there is possibly nothing more granola than making your own. I love that insofar as food choices go, granola is one so loaded with seeds and nuts of intention that the very word for it has become an adjective — and not just for a type of cereal, but a state of whole grain earnestness to which I (a lifelong, committed, if not career-level scoffer) cannot fully subscribe.
Hence the next best thing: the truly wonderful granola from the folks at Blackbird bakery in Kensington market. Chock full of the exact mix of healthy nuts and grains and dried fruits that I would have chosen to combine, and toasted to the precise level of caramelized mellowness that I would have aimed for, it is practically my granola, but one better: all I have to do is run out and purchase it, as is.
My husband, in particular, is addicted to it and has some on his healthy bowl of yogurt with fruit every morning — a good routine for all of us particularly at this time of year, when you just feel like stuffing yourself with eggs and toast because, well, what's the point in pretending spring will ever come again, anyhow?
Since Blackbird's might as well be the granola that I would have made, this little habit of his feels somehow rewarding, even though we do go through a rather surprising quantity on a regular basis. So with each visit to Blackbird HQ, I usually stock up on a couple of bags of it at a time. Not that I resent my little trips to Blackbird's bakery, because every other thing that they make happens to be just as good.
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down, the nearby government laboratory, for testing.
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
London's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation, “given the recent events in Salisbury."
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased. The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Kim Kardashian West is coming out with a new fragrance line, and now people are mom-shaming her for advertising it with a topless photo. Of course, this isn't the first time Kim K posted a topless photo online and haters came out to hate. The reality TV star shares half-naked and totally nude photos all the time — sometimes her daughter even snaps them — and the internet freaks out. But this time she's just marketing the launch of KKW Body, and critics are confused as to why she posted a photo baring her breasts (covering up with her arm) to promote it.
KKW Body is set to drop on April 30, according to People. Kim posted the photo of her upper body captioned, "KKW BODY 4.30 by Vanessa Beecroft," noting that Beecroft, an esteemed sculptor and performance artist, is involved in the project.
"The next fragrance I have coming out in May, KKW Body, is so amazing. It is a sculpture, basically, of my body," Kardashian West also said in her cover story for Business of Fashion. She talked about how proud she is of the scent, too, which smells to her like what she'd think "golden" smells like, "even though that's a color and something that's just luminous."
Whatever that means, and whatever the new perfume actually smells like, Kim's controversial promo pic of her body is obviously a statement to market the fact that her new fragrance is a sculpture of her... body. The name, KKW Body, also indicates that the new fragrance will probably be more of a full-body mist rather than a traditional perfume, which could explain the product design choice, W Magazine reported.
But now social media followers are mom-shaming her for how she chose to promote her new perfume. "Are you selling a fragrance or your body???????" one Instagram user asked. Another questioned, "Why the need for attention? You have three beautiful children and a husband. Focus on them instead of showing the world the goods." Another said, "Have some respect for yourself and your children gahhh." And another wrote, "This means I'm gonna end up with a KKW body right?! RIGHT?! *all plastic surgeons on call*" One just said "I don't get it🤔. Can't wait to smell the perfume tho."
Meanwhile, the move arguably makes Kim one hell of a businesswoman. Since launching KKW Beauty in June 2017, Kardashian created KKW Fragrance as a completely separate company. And the marketing around her Kimoji scents — those heart-shaped chocolate boxes — resulted in more than $10 million of sales before any consumers had even gotten their noses into them, according to W Magazine. Say what you want, but her company sells an estimated 350,000 units per product launch, which could result in an estimated turnover of more than $100 million in revenue in the first year, according to Business of Fashion. Critics often claim that she's got no real talent, but that's not bad for the first-time beauty entrepreneur.
"I just think it is fascinating that you can buy product online without trying it," Kim said, according to W Magazine. "It's just, it's crazy that you can sell fragrance without anyone even smelling it, if you describe it well enough."
She describes it well enough in photos, that's for sure. Fans and haters alike are interested enough to leave more than 7,000 comments on the promotion photo within just five hours, so it'll be no surprise when KKW Body likely does well in sales, too.
The move also makes Kim one hell of a mom. Her business is successful, even while juggling three kids.
"I'm on like full force work mode," Kardashian West reportedly told the Business of Fashion, adding that she's juggling a relationship, kids, being a mom and her work. "I've never worked this hard."
If anyone's worried about the lessons she's teaching her three children through her Instagram photos, maybe they should think about what her burgeoning business is teaching them instead.
: With the demand for mining and construction equipment (MCE) continues to grow mainly due to the increase in infrastructure spends, the sector is likely to grow by 13-17 percent during 2017, says ICRA.According to the rating agency, the demand for MCE grew by over 35 percent during CY2016, overcoming four consecutive years of weak demand, giving a boost to the sector which is likely to grow by 13-17 percent in 2017.It, however, noted that the industry growth this year has been somewhat curtailed despite strong growth during January-February 2017 as the markets were temporarily hit by emission related ambiguity and GST during April and July 2017, respectively.It further expects the sector's growth to lower in 2018 with it growing by 8-10 percent. For 2019, ICRA said that industry growth may slow down to around 4 per cent due to Union elections and high base effects."Infrastructure investments in roads, irrigation, railways and metro drove demand whereas coal and iron ore mining, power, oil and gas and real estate tampered demand," ICRA Senior Group Vice President, Corporate Sector ratings Subrata Ray said.He said the improvement in average per day execution of NHAI projects to 10.33 km in fourth quarter of financial year 2017 despite demonetisation and investments by Indian Railways helped in the growth in demand for MCE."The sector outlook is improving given the 20 percent plus growth witnessed in the construction equipment industry during Q1CY2017 mainly due to higher infrastructure spend, particularly in roads, raised equipment utilisation and subsequently demand for new equipment which led to a sharp reduction in the delinquency data for CE financiers," Ray said.On the flip side focus on renewable energy and high coal inventory impacted equipment demand both in power plants and mines, the outlook on the same continues to be negative. Though iron ore production has grown at a healthy rate during FY2017, demand from the domestic steel industry has remained subdued."This is expected to keep demand from the iron ore mining segment muted in CY2017. Demand from the real estate segment, however, continues to be weak," ICRA noted.
Tuesday-Monte Cristo Sandwich-$4.99
A new twist on an old recipe; our Monte Cristo features an egg & milk battered sandwich topped with ham, cheddar and swiss cheese. Served with an optional side of Hollandaise to accentuate the flavor ofthis delectable dish.
Find Us @ 230 W 9th St
Hays KS 67601
Call Us @ 785-301-2483
Download our new App on iTunes or Google Play!
SINGAPORE: A club at St James Power Station had its public entertainment licence suspended last Friday (Dec 8) after preliminary investigations by the police found that a vice syndicate was offering sexual services there.
Channel NewsAsia understands that the club is Rupee @ St James - Bollywood Gentlemen's Club.
It is the first club to have its public entertainment licence suspended under the Public Entertainments Act, which was passed in May to give police greater powers to deal with illicit activities.
In a news release on Monday, the police said nine women and two men between the ages of 21 and 54 were arrested for their suspected involvement in vice-related activities at the club after a police operation on Dec 4.
Police said preliminary investigations showed that the vice syndicate had been using the club to operate and provide sexual services to their clients.
Clients booked the services of the women, who are work pass holders, via the management of the club for between S$500 to S$1,000, police said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Investigations are ongoing.
When Channel NewsAsia contacted Rupee club, a man who said he was the owner of the club said its management was not aware of the alleged vice activities and had nothing to do with the booking of such services.
"We do not condone or allow such immoral activity to go on. As far as investigations are ongoing, all we know there may have been one or two staff members who may have engaged in such activities outside of the club working hours and on their own accord without any instructions from the management," said the man who identified himself only as Mr Singh.
He added that if sexual services were part of the club's business model, it would not be hiring performing artists to dance.
"It is very common in Bollywood club culture for customers to make payment of between S$100 to S$2,000 in exchange for small denominations of S$10 notes which are given to entertainers as dance tips," he said.
A post on the club's Facebook page said it is closed for upgrading until Dec 31.
Mr Singh said that the club's licence has been suspended indefinitely while investigations are ongoing, but added that he still expects it to reopen by Dec 31.
"We would like to take this opportunity at the same time to do some upgrading and pest control works," he told Channel NewsAsia.
Under the Women's Charter, anyone who knowingly lives wholly or in part on the earnings of the prostitution of another person may be jailed up to five years and fined up to S$10,000.
Under the Public Entertainments Act, a licence may also be suspended or cancelled if the licensee is no longer a fit and proper person to hold such a licence.
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
ADVERTISEMENT
One day in 2010 a farmer called John was foraging for berries with his two sons in the back yard of their family home in Oskaloosa, Iowa. As they scoured the land for fruit, John noticed something sticking out of the mud in a dried-up creek bank.
Down on his hands and knees, John took a good look at this new discovery. It was big, that was for sure, but to begin with, he wan't entirely sure what he was looking at. And then he started to notice patterns. This wasn't just some rock jutting out of the mud. It was something else entirely.
ADVERTISEMENT
As John and his sons started to dig out their discovery, they surely didn't know that they were putting into motion a chain of events that would reveal what life in Iowa was like some 12,000 years ago. And it was all thanks to John noticing the object and announcing, “Boys, that's a bone, that's a really big bone.”
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It has been a long time coming, but Scunthorpe United finally claimed their victory at Glanford Park for the first time since New Year's Day this past Saturday.
The game was certainly not the prettiest - and the Iron have had plenty of better performances this season – but they got the job done and earned the three points that they so desperately needed to continue their play-off push.
And Josh Morris knows that at this point in the season, it is all about gaining the three points.
Speaking to the Scunthorpe Telegraph on the victory, Josh Morris said: “It's definitely a good feeling to get back to winning ways here at Glanford Park. It's been a long time coming.
“Last year we made this stadium a fortress, we didn't lose many games at all. We want to get back to in these remaining games of the season.
“We hope that we've found that we've found that winning formula that we have been missing – especially at home. The season is going to come down to these last few games now.
“It's been a tough season but as long as we're winning games, we'll put ourselves into the best position to achieve what we aim to.”
The Iron now sit in sixth place and in the play-off spots with a slither of breathing room, with Plymouth three points behind them with a game in hand – their play-off fate is back in their own hands.
It is shaping up to becoming a season-defining season with the Pilgrims at Glanford Park on May 1, and their victory at Glanford Park this past Saturday will give them confidence going into the game.
However, before the Plymouth clash, Scunthorpe United travel to MK Dons on Saturday and all will be wasted if they fail to defeat the struggling side.
Morris fully believes that the Iron will carry on the momentum from their last two games into this Saturday's game against the Dons and pick up all three points.
“We have to carry it on if we want to get in the play-offs. We have set a good standard these past two games and now we're showing what we're capable of.
“We still need to improve in some areas, but at this point it's all about winning games and that's what we hope to do in each of our last three.
Speaking on the form of the team, Morris, similarly to Ivan Toney stated that he is enjoying playing in the new-look formation which sees him play as one of three attacking midfielders with Duane Holmes and Hakeeb Adelakun.
Scunthorpe's number 11 stated that he feels the four continue to get a better understanding the more they play together and is confident that they can improve with more game time.
“It's been enjoyable to be honest, I think we have all enjoyed it.
“We have played with two wide players and two strikers for most of the season which has meant that one of the three wingers or attacking players has missed out.
“But now we've gone to a front four with Duane playing behind the striker and me and Haks out on the wings and it's worked well to a certain extent.
“As the games go on we feel more comfortable playing alongside each other, picking up each other's runs and getting the ball into the right areas for one another.”
It is not just the introduction of the new-look formation that Morris has enjoyed however.
When he has been at his best throughout his Scunthorpe career, it has been when he is linking up with left-back Conor Townsend down the flank.
The two clearly have an excellent understanding on the pitch, and Morris said that it's a joy to play with him.
“We both enjoy playing with one another and we know we can link up well down the left.
“We've played with each other quite a lot over the past couple of years and I'm glad he's back in the team.”
ISLAMABAD, Dec 11 (APP):Assistant Minister of International Department of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Wang Yajun Monday said
China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) and One Belt One Road (OBOR) projects were the game-changer not only for Pakistan but also the entire region.
Briefing on 19th National Congress of Communist Party of China (CPC) he said “All political forces and people in Pakistan
are unanimous on CPEC and OBOR projects. The CPEC is a real game-changer project for Pakistan.”
“We are determined to gather fruits of the CPEC and OBOR and pass on them to people of the two countries – Pakistan
and China,” he added
Yajun said energy crisis in Pakistan had been overcome to great extent due to timely completion of a number of power
projects under the CPEC.
The minister said during his visit to Lahore, he himself witnessed the fast track development taking place under the CPEC.
He said people of Pakistan had great love and affection for China and narrated three years backstory when he visited the Lahore fort to see the Pakistan culture. A group of students, after seeing him from far away, chanted slogan “Long Live Pakistan
China friendship. “
The Chinese minister said he asked the students whether they had visited China ever and they reply was no, but they knew everything about China especially Silk Road and Great Wall of China.
“People of China and Pakistan are sincere and supportive to each other in difficult time.”
Wang Yajun said that China and Pakistan always stood by each other shoulder to shoulder in every difficult time.
“China and Pakistan relations are unique of its kind; we have blood to blood relations, generation to generation, we want
that relations between two countries should progress more and should be stronger like iron,” he added.
To a question he said that China had adopted open policy and welcomed investment from any country any group.
Sharing the 19th National Congress of Communist Party of China (CPC) report, he said Chinese President Xi Jinping
in his report to the National Congress reviewed the historic achievements made in China's development over the past five
years and made major conclusions on the basis of the historic achievements.
He said China was a leader among the world major economies. With the gross domestic product rising from 54 trillion to 80 trillion yuon, China has maintained its position as the world's second economy and contributed more than 30 percent global
economic growth. He said level of urbanization has risen by an annual average of 1.2 percentage point and more than 80 million people who have moved from rural to urban areas have been gained permanent urban residency regional development has
become more balanced.
He said the President of China has also said “We should be good friends to the environment, cooperate to tackle climate change, and protect our planet for the sake of human survival.”
“China remains firm in pursuing an independent foreign policy of peace. We respect the right of the people of all countries to
choose their own development path. We endeavor to uphold international fairness and justice, and oppose acts that impose
one's will on others or interfere in the internal affairs of others as well as the practice of the strong bullying the weak” he added.
About the poverty alleviation, he said China was committed to completely alleviate poverty from the country by the year
2020. He said the cause of poverty reduction in China was not only good for its own development but also would make important contribution to the development of the world.
“During last five years, around 66 million people had been over lifted poverty line and average age of the Chinese
had increased from 74.8 to 76.8, ” he added.
He said living standard of the Chinese had improved and the government was further committed to improve the lifestyle of Chinese people.
He said the government of China believed on transparency and had punished around 7500 people involved in corruption.
He said delegation from across the world including Pakistan had participated in the conference. He said journalists from
130 countries had also witnessed the proceeding of the conference.
Senator Mushahid Hussian in his opening remarks said that China had made remarkable development from 1949 to till date.
“One belt one road imitative is beneficial for Africa, Middle East and European. Land and sea link under the project will help
full for the better future of next generation.”
New Chinese Ambassador to Pakistan Yao Jing on the occasion said “ I am happy to come Pakistan third time, and I arrived first time in Pakistan in 1994.”
He said people to people contact between the two counties will be beneficial for China and Pakistan.
Plus one article on Google Plus
Here is an item from today's Impromptus:
An American scientist, Jeffrey C. Hall, shared in a Nobel prize. When the committee called to give him the news, he said, “Is this a prank?” (Story here.) That is a common reaction. I always enjoy hearing about it.
Since writing that, I read about this year's Nobel Peace Prize, given to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, whose executive director is Beatrice Fihn:
She said that she “worried that it was a prank” after getting a phone call just minutes before the official Peace Prize announcement was made. Fihn said she didn't believe it until she heard the name of the group proclaimed on television.
I'll have more to say about this award in due course.
Meanwhile, I thought of a story I heard long ago. Google tells me I wrote about it in an Impromptus of October 2002:
One of the funniest men I know is Farouk Dhondy, the London-based writer, documentary producer, etc. Several years ago, he attended an academic conference in Stockholm, with Salman Rushdie and some others. He tells of receiving the invitation: His phone rang, and someone said, “Hello, this is Dr. Eriksson of the Swedish Academy.” Farouk said, “Say no more: I accept.” The man — sportingly — said, “Uh, not yet, Mr. Dhondy. Perhaps later.”
Still waiting …
I wasnt a big fan of PowerPoint presentations until I saw the one Tom Davis uses to depict some depressing trends in American politics. It shows polarization, which is no surprise. Whats striking, though, is how he represents it graphically.
Davis was a seven-term Republican representative from northern Virginia and twice ran the partys congressional campaign committee. His knowledge of U.S. politics is encyclopedic. In 1969, his best friend at Amherst College, David Eisenhower, took him to Washington to meet Eisenhowers father-in-law. That was President Richard Nixon, who was so impressed that he offered Davis a job as a White House intern.
The PowerPoint puts this months party-line Senate vote to end filibusters against Supreme Court nominees into historical perspective. And it shows that the partisanship the vote represented flows from long-term trends that arent likely to be reversed.
To demonstrate, Davis devised an instructive formula for Congress: Take the voting record of the most liberal Republican and the most conservative Democrat and then see how many members voting records fall between them. That would identify moderate lawmakers to use as building blocks for bipartisan coalitions.
Advertisement
In the House of Representatives in 1982, 344 members fell into this in-between category. That was 79 percent of the legislators. In 2002, there were 137 moderates, or 31 percent. By 2014, a grand total of three House members were neither strikingly liberal nor strikingly conservative by Davis measure.
The widening gap in the House can be partly attributed to factors like gerrymandering to create heavily partisan districts, and by residential patterns that tend to cluster like-minded people in the same communities.
But those factors cant explain the fact that patterns in the Senate are similar. In 1982, 58 Senators had voting records that fell between the most liberal Republican and the most conservative Democrat. In 2002, that number was down to seven. By 2014, there were none.
One parallel trend is the vanishing of split-ticket voting. In 2016, all 14 of most competitive states with Senate races voted the same way in the presidential and Senate contests. That wasnt always the way American voters behaved. Even while Lyndon Johnson led a presidential landslide for Democrats in 1964, Republicans won Senate seats in such Democratic strongholds as Delaware and Massachusetts. Democratic Senate contenders overcame President Ronald Reagans 1984 landslide in states where that would be almost unthinkable today: for example, Alabama, Nebraska, Oklahoma and Tennessee.
Davis, now director of federal government affairs at Deloitte LLP, said that todays divisions have been widened by cable television, where the premium is on the negative and the other guy is a bum, as well as by political social media where conservatives gravitate to right-wing sites and liberals to left-wing ones. The campaign-finance system, freed from legal spending restraints that existed in the past, is also a factor. There is little prospect for changing any of these.
Cultural change, driven partly by economics but also significantly by education, matters too. Clinton carried all 17 states (and Washington, D.C.) where there is a higher percentage of voters with advanced degrees than the national average of 10.3 percent. Trump took all of the other 33 except for Nevada, Hawaii and half of Maine.
Of the 10 U.S. counties with the highest percentage of voters who are college graduates, nine voted for Clinton, mostly overwhelmingly. On a map of the national county-by-county vote, Democratic blue dominates the coasts with red almost everywhere in-between except for the blue spots representing big cities and university towns.
Alienation and anger have also fed polarization. Turnout was down in 2016 from four years earlier, and down a full 10 percent from 2008, when President Barack Obama was first elected. Voters in 2016 told pollsters they thought Clinton was superior to Trump in judgment, experience, and caring about people like me. But Trump was considered the more likely agent of change, and change won.
The anger this reflects shows no signs of abating, Davis said, which he thinks augurs poorly for Republicans in next years congressional elections.
When people are angry it drives out-party turnout in midterm elections, Davis said. That will be bad for us.
Hes not optimistic about the environment changing anytime soon. Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom, he said. We havent yet.
Hunt is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was the executive editor of Bloomberg News, before which he was a reporter, bureau chief and executive Washington editor at the Wall Street Journal.
CMC Partners, part of the Li Ruigang-led China Media Capital group, has become a shareholder in Formula E Holdings the company that controls the FIA Formula e electric car racing series.
CMC is investing in a consortium that includes its portfolio company SECA. The value of the deal and the size of the stake acquired were not revealed.
“China is an important player in the potential of electric vehicle manufacturing and production, and this partnership reinforces our intentions to promote sustainable mobility across Asia and Mainland China. The opening round of each season has been hosted in this region – Beijing and Hong Kong – and we have teams and drivers such as TECHEETAH and Ma Qing Hua already competing in the series,” said Alejandro Agag, founder & CEO of Formula E.
“CMC has been focusing on investing in premium global and local sports IPs, and we look forward to working together with Formula E both in China and globally,” said CMC founding chairman Li.
CMC's portfolio also includes film distributor Gravity Pictures, digital effects firm BaseFX and Flagship Entertainment, which it co-owns with Warner Bros. and Hong Kong's TVB.
Jay Penske, the founder, chairman and CEO of Penske Media Corporation, which owns Variety, is also owner of the Faraday Future Dragon Racing team which competes in the formula.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — You're going to start seeing some new signs around Canalside.
The Erie Canal Harbor Development Corporation (ECHDC) approved the design for new signage meant to help visitors find their way around the waterfront.
“The 1.5 million visitors coming to Canalside each year will benefit from well-placed, well-designed signs that help them find their way to the wide variety of activities available on the waterfront,” Robert Gioia, ECHDC Chairman, said. “All signs point to Governor Cuomo's continued success with transforming the waterfront into a destination the entire region can be proud of for generations to come.”
The ECHDC says the signs will include markers, totems, beacons, vehicular directional, pedestrian directional, street and parking identification signs and a gateway sign.
Here are some examples:
The signs will be made from “durable materials that compliment the Canalside brand,” the ECHDC says.
The project will be finished by Spring of next year, but some new signs will be seen this Winter.
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), has been accused of raping a woman at his Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed she met him in a bar that night and they went back to his place and he raped her “multiple times”. She reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given her full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and she has not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating 29-year-old actress/singer Hilary Duff in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. She spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” she said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and he continues to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
She has since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January, she made her red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
Porras was three for four with two runs batted in, Erin Lashkari was three for three with a double and two RBI, Sara Taylor was two for four with a double and two RBI and Maci Jensen was two for three with three RBIs for Burbank (11-8, 7-3 in league).
To the editor: Harold Meyerson's view of the tax plan proposed by President Trump and Republican leaders in Congress is curiously slanted. (“The GOP keeps coming after blue states, especially California,” Opinion, Oct. 3)
As an income and wealth redistributor, he should be happy that the new tax plan will severely impact the wealthy in California. Since the richest 1% of Californians pay nearly half the income taxes and the top 10% pay about 80%, it's mostly the wealthy who benefit from the federal deduction for taxes paid to state and local governments, known as the SALT deduction. Most middle-class taxpayers in California will likely see a decrease in taxes under the Republican plan.
The increased federal tax revenue from wealthy Californians will be redistributed to the many other states that have lower rates. The California wealthy who have been subsidized for many years via this federal deduction will no longer get this subsidy.
Eliminating this deduction may even force the California Legislature to carefully consider future tax increases. This seems like a good thing.
David A Korte, Yorba Linda
..
To the editor: Here's a reasonable question that all voters in Orange County and other places served by Republicans in Congress should ask their representatives:
“Do you support eliminating the federal deduction for state and local taxes, despite the negative financial impact it would have on the citizens in your district? Will you vote against any tax package that incorporates the elimination of these crucial deductions for your constituents?”
Let's watch Reps. Dana Rohrabacher, Darrell Issa, Mimi Walters and Ed Royce wriggle their way around that one.
Michael Schneider, Laguna Beach
..
To the editor: Bribery is alive and well in the United States.
Every state generates income to pay for services through taxation of one form or another. But through past bribery, rich people in a few big states got a big tax break in the form of the SALT deduction. Now the GOP wants to cancel this absurd tax break but is considering bribing select GOP representatives to gain their votes by continuing it. (“Republicans consider keeping the state and local tax deduction as they search for votes for overhaul,” Oct. 4)
We want tax reform to bring fairness and justice to our country while also generating enough income to reduce deficit spending. We want a good progressive tax policy, without subsidies for the top 1%, implemented to fund government without using bribery.
Ben Tenn, Northridge
CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA The Las Vegas gunman researched outdoor performance areas in other large cities in recent months. Harvey Weinstein will take a leave of absence from his film studio after reports of sexual harassment.Gov. Jerry Brown signed a landmark bill declaring California a "sanctuary state." USC announced Thursday that the head of its medical school was out. Credits: Getty / KTLA CAPTION The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA The girlfriend of the gunman who killed 58 people in Las Vegas has broken her silence. Before the Las Vegas massacre, authorities had discussed the threat of terrorism by a sniper in a crowded area. The L.A. City Council voted in February to decriminalize sidewalk vending. Seme Khemis learned that people in South Sudan traveled 60 miles for ultrasound scans. Credits: Getty / Sara Hylton / KTLA CAPTION Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. Body camera footage from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department taken during the shooting on Oct. 1. CAPTION The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes The gunman who attacked the Las Vegas music festival had cameras set up outside his room. Trump visited Puerto Rico on Tuesday, after Hurricane Maria swept through the island two weeks ago. Three billion Yahoo accounts were affected by a massive data breach — three times as many as initially reported. The Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to three researchers for their work on electron microscopy. Credits: EPA, Getty, Hillary Guzik, KTLA, Sarya Stukes CAPTION At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA At least 50 are dead and 200 injured after a shooting on the Las Vegas strip. Heartbreakers frontman Tom Petty died Monday at 66. Portraits are emerging of those killed in Las Vegas. L.A. decriminalized sidewalk vending to protect immigrants from deportation. Credits: Getty / KTLA
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) — After spending many years as a community leader, Ellen James was awarded as the 2018 Giant Among Giants Saturday night.
The award recognizes notable contributions of black community members who improve the quality of life in Grand Rapids. Since 1983, 13 individuals have been recognized annually for their efforts in the community.
“It started basically on their vision to recognize African-Americans within the community who have dedicated their lives to service as well as excellence in their careers,” said Giants Award Organizer Vanessa Greene.
James has spent several years on the Grand Rapids Community College Board of Trustees and the City of Grand Rapids Community Relations Commission.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
The Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 which was announced in September and later launched in India in October, did manage to grab a lot of eyeballs due to its looks. Barely two months later, reports revealing the rear panel of the alleged Xiaomi Mi Mix 3 have already started showing up on the internet.
Since it's early days for a smartphone expected to launch in the latter half of 2018, very little is known about Xiaomi's next bezel-less Mi Mix as of now.
However, according to a report by GSMArena, the image of the rear panel does very clearly have "Mi Mix designed by Xiaomi" written on it which does clear the air about which is the phone being referred to here.
As per the image, the Mi Mix 3 is expected to feature a dual-camera setup which is positioned vertically, similar to the module seen on Apple's iPhone X. Xiaomi has previously tried out a vertical camera setup on two previous occasions (Mi 5s Plus and Mi 6), though their design implementations were completely different.
(Also Read: Xiaomi Mi Mix 2 Review: Exotic design makes it a better alternative to the OnePlus 5)
The rear panel of the smartphone also features a fingerprint scanner positioned in the middle, which was the case with the Mi Mix 2. Another notable change in design here is the rounded corners of the phone, unlike the more rectangular shape used previously.
As mentioned in the report, the image is an early leak and could possibly be only a prototype of the next Mi Mix being worked on by Xiaomi.
ANKARA: Turkish authorities on Wednesday detained 27 police officers in eight provinces across the country, the state-run Anadolu news agency said, part of the widening crackdown following a failed coup attempt in July.
The detentions, centred in the southern province of Adana, aimed to root out followers of the U.S.-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, whom Ankara accuses of orchestrating the putsch, and included three police chiefs, Anadolu reported.
Turkish authorities have detained, sacked or dismissed tens of thousands of people from the police, military, public service, judiciary, and elsewhere since the abortive coup over suspected ties to Gulen's network.
Gulen, who has lived in self-imposed exile in Pennsylvania since 1999, has denied the charge and condemned the coup.
Right groups and some of Turkey's Western allies fear President Tayyip Erdoğan is using the coup as a pretext to stifle dissent, but he says the moves are necessary to protect democracy and root out Gulen supporters.
Erdoğan declared emergency rule after the failed coup, enabling the government to bypass parliament in enacting new laws and limit or suspend rights and freedoms when deemed necessary.
Turks will vote on April 16 on replacing the parliamentary system with the stronger presidency long sought by Erdoğan. The referendum will be held under a state of emergency imposed after an attempted coup last July.
Turkey, a NATO member, has been hit by a series of bombings and shootings in the past year in addition to the coup, in which soldiers commandeered tanks and fighter jets in a bid to seize power, killing at least 240 people.
(Reporting by Tuvan Gumrukcu; Editing by David Dolan)
EATON — According to Preble County EMA Director David Anderson, the county mitigation plans are well under way. There will be two kick-off meetings held on Tuesday, Oct. 3 to hash out details. There will be one meeting at 3 p.m. and the other at 6 p.m. Both will be held at Eaton Fire Station Two.
“We will be sending out letters to everybody that will be good to have there. Whether they can make it or not is a different story, but we're going to give it our best shot,” Anderson said. “We're going to get everything started on doing the mitigation plan. We'll go from there.”
The Ohio and Indiana Communication Exercise is also coming up. It will be held on Thursday, Oct. 5. Anderson noted, this exercise has taken a year's worth of work on Ohio's and Indiana's part.
“This will better communications between the imaginary border which is the state line. We did some testing last month. At the end of the month they found a couple of glitches, hopefully we'll have those worked out. Everything should be good to go and hopefully we'll have good communication between Indiana and Ohio from there,” he said.
“The nice part is that both State EMAs are involved in this,” Anderson continued. “They will have people from the state at different sites along the borders watching this. The most important thing I will be looking for is the After Action Report (AAR). This is where we will find out what worked and what didn't — not only from here, but from other ones up the state line. This is going from Butler County all the way up the Michigan border. All the counties in between will be involved in this, one way or another.”
Anderson is still working on the Preble County Master Asset List. It is getting closer to being completed, but is a very daunting task, he noted.
In Local Emergency Planning Committee (LEPC) news, the compliance report will be done by the end of the week. There is also a yearly LEPC Conference upcoming.
As for Preble County CERT, the group has assisted with the car show and the Pork Festival parade. Normally it would do walk-arounds during the festival, but instead CERT members helped prepare supplies for disaster victims from Hurricane Harvey and Irma.
By Kelsey Kimbler kkimbler@registerherald.com
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
Reach Kelsey Kimbler at 937-683-4061 or on Twitter @KKimbler_RH
A Halifax community marked the one year anniversary of the homicide of basketball star Tyler Richards on Monday. Global's Natasha Pace reports.
The war of words between Trump and Kim is on.
Each side is hurling threats at the other.
Just weeks ago, North Korea launched the Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (ICBM) with a possible range of reaching cities in the continental US.
While the sabre rattling is ominous and immoral, the war dance between nation states is about power and the law governing that power.
Usually, the latter loses.
Let us look at the legal aspects of this sabre rattling between the US and North Korea.
Article 2(4) of the UN charter forbids force or the threat of using force against another sovereign nation.
The language of the article is as follows: “All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state, or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of the United Nations.
” Every time an American president opens his mouth, he issues a threat.
President Obama said, “all options are on the table” in dealing with Iran.
Others before him were similarly threatening and bullying nations around the world.
Furthermore, presidents wage wars.
It's what they do.
President Trump has been labelled as a reckless, thoughtless, and crazy sort of president and rightly so.
President Trump also threatens nations like Iran, Yemen, even Qatar to some extent.
And he will also wage wars, which will be inherited by the next occupant of the Oval Office.
Trump needs something to entertain his white supremacist racist traits and more importantly, to shift the focus away from the Russian investigation by Robert Mueller III.
A war or talk of war helps in rallying the people around the flag and forgetting pretty much everything else.
That is an American culture that Americans don't know about.
Mostly non-Americans understand it.
UN Charter Article 51 states: “Nothing in the present Charter shall impair the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the United Nations, until the Security Council has taken measures necessary to maintain international peace and security.
Measures taken by Members in the exercise of this right of self-defence shall be immediately reported to the Security Council and shall not in any way affect the authority and responsibility of the Security Council under the present Charter to take at any time such action as it deems necessary in order to maintain or restore international peace and security.
”
It allows for a state to use force against another sovereign nation if an attack has occurred.
According to Georgetown professor Anthony Clark Arend, the restrictive interpretation believes that the language of the Article 51 clearly requires for an attack to happen before the use of force can be legitimately justified.
The less restrictive interpretation doesn't require the states to wait for the use of force until an armed attack is occurred.
Many scholars believe that there are situations where a first strike could be justified as a matter of self-defence.
Professor Michael N Schmitt of the United States Naval War College argues that for a first strike to be justified as self-defence, three conditions must be met.
The other state must have the ability to attack.
It must be evident from the behaviour of the state that an attack is imminent.
And lastly, there must be no other way to stop it.
By that standard, if Iraq had attacked the US before it was invaded, it would have been completely legal.
University of Virginia law scholar, professor Ashley Deeks would likely place a possible US attack on North Korea in the category of Pre-emptive self-defence.
Intellectuals that serve power never fail to ignore the fact that such self-defence justifications set a horrible precedent.
Other nations with arch enemies, and there are plenty of them, can invoke the same justification in attacking their enemy state.
This will drastically disrupt world peace and disturb the world order.
The current international relations culture is an imperial one imposed on the world.
Strong and rich nations set the norms of international relations for others to follow.
Even the fate of a nation like North Korea rests in the hands of five strong nations.
If they authorise an attack on North Korea, it becomes perfectly legal.
That sounds no different than the Panchayat system in the rural areas of Pakistan.
The US constitution has given war-waging powers to the Congress.
However, truth be told, the president is enormously powerful in waging wars even without Congressional authorisation.
There is a rich history of that: Obama attacked Libya without Congressional authorisation.
President Clinton unleashed missiles targeting Sudan and Afghanistan without asking the Congress.
President Reagan attacked Libya and Grenada without Congressional authorisation.
President Trump can wage a mini-war of hostilities with North Korea, which the Congress can stop after 60 days.
However, there is no history of Congress bringing such a war to an end.
Congress is asked for permission, not when the president wants to go to war, but when he does not.
That is what Obama did when he decided not to invade Syria in 2013 after Syria crossed his famous “red line”.
The US Congress has not formally declared war since World War II.
The writer is a freelance columnist.
SINGAPORE: A police officer and two former police officers were among five people charged in court on Thursday (Jun 15) in connection with acts of corruption and bribery.
Senior staff sergeant Shukor Warji, former senior staff sergeant Tan Bee Song and former police inspector Lam Guo Long Terence are accused of giving out unauthorised information and favours in return for bribes.
Shukor was charged with one count under the Prevention of Corruption Act for allegedly failing to arrest Tan, and one charge under the Official Secrets Act for allegedly giving Tan unauthorised information.
Tan was charged with allegedly agreeing to receive a bribe of S$4,000 from businessman Yee Kok Siong – who has also been charged – and for allegedly offering S$2,000 to Shukor as a reward for getting another person wrongfully arrested.
Tan is also accused of receiving and relaying information from Shukor about a separate arrest made by the police.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Former police inspector Lam was accused of receiving a bribe of S$500 from dispatch driver Lim Sua Huat – who has also been charged – in return for showing him photographs of 13 people arrested by the police for rioting. He also allegedly received another S$500 from Lim to send him photographs of five people arrested by the police.
For allegedly receiving bribes from Lim and failing to arrest him, the former police officer was charged with three counts under the Prevention of Corruption Act. He was also charged with two counts under the Official Secrets Act for allegedly showing and sending Lim the photographs.
The five were given bail of S$15,000 each, and their cases will next be heard on Jul 6.
The penalty for giving or receiving bribes under the Prevention of Corruption Act is up to five years' jail and a fine of up to S$100,000.
If convicted of failing to arrest without reasonable excuse, Lam and Shukor could be jailed up to six months and fined up to S$5,000.
For the offences under the Official Secrets Act, Lim, Lam, Tan and Shukor could be jailed up to two years and fined up to S$2,000.
Watch: Ethiopian Food Truck Helps Adopted Ethiopian-Americans to Give Back
Pay it Forward Ethiopia food truck in Green Bay, Wisconsin is run by adopted Ethiopian-Americans. (WBAY)
WBAY
GREEN BAY, Wis. – A food truck that makes stops around the Green Bay area is on a mission to help kids in Ethiopia.
A dad, his kids, and some friends pair Ethiopian slow cooking and exotic spices with familiar American dishes for a Taste of Ethiopia. The food has rave reviews on Facebook.
Tesfaye Joyce lived in Ethiopia most of his life. While in an orphanage, he met some people involved in the project called Pay It Forward Ethiopia.
“My hope for this to collect, especially Ethiopian Americans that came in through adoption, to be able to come together and pretty much give back the help the people back home, they need,” Joyce says.
Joyce say he's grateful for his life in Wisconsin.
“We're here because someone helped us, and we want to give back,” Joyce says.
Tesfaye, his brother, and his sister live with their adoptive father, Pat Joyce.
“As they are growing up, they're–we're realizing how important it is to keep their cultural connection, so they're starting to go back to Ethiopia, and rekindle some of the long-lost relationships they've had,” says Pat Joyce.
Read more »
Watch: Taste of Ethiopia Food Truck funding mission to help kids
—
Join the conversation on Twitter and Facebook.
Las Vegas September 5-7 InterDrone
April 2018 by Marc Jacob
After an impressive show last year (3,700+ delegates from 59 nations and rave reviews) InterDrone returns to Las Vegas Sept. 5-7 in a premier location. It will feature 125+ sessions for engineers, software developers, executives, investors, regulators and commercial drone “buyers and flyers” in more than a dozen vertical market segments with six special enterprise tracks.
TOKYO: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to a controversial shrine to war dead on Tuesday, the anniversary of Japan's World War Two surrender, but did not visit in person in an apparent effort to avoid increasing regional tensions.
Masahiko Shibayama, a lawmaker who made the offering on Abe's behalf, said he did so to express condolences for those who died in the war and to pray for peace. He added that Abe said he was sorry he could not visit the Yasukuni shrine.
Past visits by Japanese leaders to Yasukuni have outraged Beijing and Seoul because it honours 14 Japanese leaders convicted by an Allied tribunal as war criminals, along with other war dead. Abe himself has only visited once since becoming prime minister again in 2012.
Maintaining harmony with China and Seoul is now more important than every amid heightened tensions in Asia in the wake of North Korean missile tests, threats from Pyongyang to strike the area around the U.S. Pacific territory of Guam and U.S. President Donald Trump warning of retaliation.
"After the war, our country has consistently taken steps as a country that abhors war and treasures peace, and has made efforts to promote the peace and prosperity of the world," Abe said at a national ceremony to honour war dead on Tuesday.
"We intend to keep this immovable policy firmly, throughout the ages, while facing history with humility."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Abe visited the Yasukuni shrine in 2013, an action that prompted criticism from key ally the United States as well as from Asian nations, but has sent offerings on August 15 and during Yasukuni's twice yearly festivals.
Dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited the shrine along with scores of ordinary Japanese, a move prompting a protest from media in China, which with South Korea views the shrine as a symbol of Japan's past militarism.
The official People's Liberation Army Daily wrote in a commentary on Tuesday that the anniversary should be a time for Japan to reflect on its history, not to "go further down the forked road of harming Sino-Japanese ties and regional peace and stability".
Tensions in the region weighed on the minds of many who visited the shrine.
"I am furious about the threat from North Korea," said Katsuhiko Ikeda, 78.
"North Korea's missile threat towards Guam means anything would pass by Japan, and if anything happened, it could affect us."
(Additional reporting by Kiyoshi Takenaka and Linda Sieg in TOKYO and Ben Blanchard in BEIJING, writing by Elaine Lies; Editing by Michael Perry and Linda Sieg)
LONDON: The chief executive and founder of Telit has resigned after the London-listed technology company confirmed on Monday he had been indicted for an alleged mortgage fraud in the United States more than 25 years ago.
Telit, whose products and services connect devices to apps and enterprise systems, said in a statement that Oozi Cats's involvement in an alleged "land flip" scheme that bought and sold properties at inflated prices had been "knowingly withheld" from the board.
An arrest warrant for Cats was issued under an alternative spelling of his name, Uzi Katz, but he was never detained, according to Boston federal court documents seen by Reuters.
"It is a source of considerable anger to the board that the historical indictment against Oozi Cats was never disclosed to them or previous members of the board and that they have only been made aware of its existence through third parties," Telit said.
Cats did not respond to requests for comment.
Shares in the firm were up 17 percent following the announcement, but are still down 45 percent in the last week.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Financial director Yosi Fait will continue as interim chief executive until a replacement for Cats is found.
Telit also said it plans to appoint three new board members who will be based in Britain. It will also replace chairman Enrico Testa, an Italian businessman and former politician who has held the position since 2007.
Telit listed in London in 2005 after a company called Dai Israel bought the assets of an Italian business in 2002. Its board, including venture capitalist Davidi Gilo and former Caribbean Petroleum Corporation managing director Gad Zeevi, is predominantly Israeli.
Fait will conduct a preliminary review of Telit's activities, but a source close to the company said it would not include a review of its subsidiary accounts audited by Ernst & Young, or its a network of more than seventy third-party distributors it uses to resell its products.
Shares in the company fell by a third on Aug. 7 after it reported a shock loss and a sharp reversal in its cashflow.
It breached a debt covenant set by one of its banks just eight weeks after raising 39 million pounds (US$51 million) from investors.
In its statement on Monday Telit said there was "no substance" to speculation over the company's financial health.
Telit also responded to "speculation" over its involvement in a bankruptcy being investigated by Italian authorities, adding any action against the company would be "without merit".
Reuters reported in March that thirteen people, including Cats, are under investigation for a complex series of transactions before the failure of an Italian electronics manufacturer called BAMES.
Cats told Reuters at the time that Telit had won all twelve court cases previously brought against it in Italy.
(US$1 = 0.7708 pounds)
(Reporting by Alasdair Pal; Editing by Alexander Smith)
NEW YORK: The founder of an oil and gas networking website who pleaded guilty to hacking a rival site he had created and sold to DHI Group Inc was sentenced to one year and one day in prison on Friday.
David Kent, 41, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan.
"I am deeply remorseful for my actions," Kent said before being sentenced, adding that he had fallen short in his efforts to live a "Christian life."
Federal prosecutors in March 2016 charged Kent, a Texas resident, with stealing data on more than 500,000 user resumes from Rigzone.com, which he sold for US$51 million in 2010, to boost the membership of his new site, Oilpro.com.
Prosecutors at the time said that Kent then tried to sell Oilpro, created in 2013, to DHI by misrepresenting that the new website increased its membership to 500,000 through standard marketing methods.
Rigzone was launched by Kent in 2000 and allows members to create profiles and upload resumes. When the website was sold to New York-based DHI in 2010, its member database was worth US$6 million, according to court papers.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rigzone's database was hacked twice in 2014 and 2015, the complaint said, resulting in members being solicited to join Oilpro, the complaint said.
Kent pleaded guilty to one count of fraud and related activity in connection with computers in December.
DHI has said that it cooperated with authorities in the investigation. Under his plea agreement, Kent agreed to pay the company US$3.29 million in restitution.
(Reporting by Brendan Pierson in New York; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
APNewsBreak: Transgender people can enlist in military Jan. 1
The Pentagon official tells The Associated Press that transgender people can enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban.
Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Department of Defense also is studying the issue.
Author: Lolita C. Baldor, AP
Manchester United defender Phil Jones has welcomed the signing of fellow centre back Victor Lindelof and said it would increase competition for first-team action at the Premier League club.
REUTERS: Manchester United defender Phil Jones has welcomed the signing of fellow centre back Victor Lindelof and said it would increase competition for first-team action at the Premier League club.
The 22-year-old Lindelof was a key player for Portuguese side Benfica last season, missing just six of the club's 46 matches in all competitions as they secured the domestic title for the fourth consecutive year.
In contrast, 25-year-old England international Jones has struggled to book a regular spot at United due to injuries and featured in just 21 of their 64 matches last campaign.
"We're Manchester United, we're going to attract the best players and the biggest players," Jones told British media.
"It would be a strange summer if we weren't signing players like that. Competition is always good."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lindelof is the first close-season signing for Mourinho this year, as the manager aims to add to the Europa League and League Cup triumphs from last season.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; Editing by Ian Ransom)
Is there anything Joanna Gaines can't do? The former HGTV star and Magnolia mogul is one of those people who make everything she does look easy. And perfect. And sweetly simple. Of course, she puts a whole lot of hard work into making everything she touches turn out so well, and lucky for her fans; they get to reap the benefits. Now your kids can benefit from Gaines' signature laid back style too. Joanna Gaines has a new summer clothing line for kids, and it's exactly as lovely as you are imagining.
The former Fixer Upper star teamed up with Matilda Jane to create a children's clothing line for summer inspired by "life on the farm," as she told People. “The whole inspiration for this new collection was summer here out on the farm. The long days, the hazy sunsets, kid running around just being kids. The whole idea of being inspired by life on the farm is really rooted in an effortless, easygoing lifestyle, and that's the feeling I hope people have when they're wearing these pieces.”
This isn't the first time Gaines has collaborated with Matilda Jane Clothing; the pregnant mother of four initially put out a collection with the clothing company back in 2016. It does actually feel like a match made in heaven. Matilda Jane offers little girls dresses, rompers, tops, and pants full of whimsical patterns and colors that make a person think of lemonade and porch swings and sunsets — perfect for a woman who has always been open about loving her life in the country.
Gaines had a pretty personal reason for wanting to get involved with designing clothing for Matilda Jane; her two daughters, 11-year-old Ella and 7-year-old Emmie Kay. According to Parents, Gaines explained when she initially announced her collaboration with the company:
My girls have been wearing MJ dresses, skirts and accessories for years—and I never get tired of seeing them love what they wear. With this line, I hope to bring that same fun home to you and your girls.
So what sort of clothing can we expect from Gaines' summer collection? Think rustic farmhouse... in other words, exactly what you would expect from the designer. Comfortable dresses in patterns inspired by nature, as she noted in a promotional video for the line, according to People:
Like I do when I'm designing a house, I love to pull inspiration from what's around me. And it's been so fun to see how this translates into clothing.
While the new clothing line won't be available until June 1, be prepared to be wowed by Gaines' choices. Not only will there be dresses, rompers, tops, and shorts for baby girls, tweens, and women, there will also be home items like wallpaper and storage bins.
The guys are going to luck out with this collection as well; there will be shirts and hoodies for boys plus shirts for men.
In other words, Joanna Gaines was thinking ahead and covered summer wardrobes for her entire family.
Gaines is nearing the end of her fifth pregnancy, so babies are obviously on her mind. She and husband Chip Gaines are expecting a boy this summer to join older sisters Emmie Kay, Ella, plus brothers Drake and Duke. What a serendipitous time to launch a summer clothing line for kids, right?
To get clothing from Joanna Gaines' collection for Matilda Jane, you can order directly from the website after June 1 or host a trunk show in your home with a Matilda Jane Trunk Keeper. The clothing is priced starting at $34 on up to a maximum of $148.
A small price to pay for dressing your kids in head-to-toe Joanna Gaines.
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians
U.S. President Donald Trump is offering his condolences to Canadians following Monday's deadly van attack on pedestrians in Toronto.
He made the remarks amid the pomp of a White House ceremony Tuesday as he welcomed French President Emmanuel Macron for a state visit, the first of the Trump presidency.
Trump began the affair by offering his hopes for a speedy recovery for George H.W. Bush, the former president who now hospitalized with an infection following the death of his wife Barbara.
Related: Trudeau calls van attack ‘horrific and senseless'
He then mentioned the attack in Toronto, where 10 people were killed and 15 others injured when a rental van mounted the sidewalk and plowed through a crowd of passersby.
”I also want to express our deepest sympathies to the Canadian people following the horrendous tragedy in Toronto that claimed so many innocent lives,” Trump said.
”Our hearts are with the grieving families in Canada.”
The attack drew extensive international attention, its images on the front pages of foreign newspapers and cable outlets, some of which offered live broadcasts of the aftermath.
Alek Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was apprehended by police without incident not long after the attack. He is charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Related: 10 killed, 15 injured after van hits pedestrians in Toronto
Related: Officer's actions ‘one shining moment' after Toronto van attack
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
NEW YORK: A senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday (May 30) for talks on salvaging a summit meeting between US President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un.
Kim Yong Chol, a close aide of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and vice chairman of the ruling Workers' Party's Central Committee, arrived at New York's John F. Kennedy airport on a flight from Beijing. He was later seen entering a hotel in midtown Manhattan.
Advertisement
Kim Yong Chol is due to meet with US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Wednesday and Thursday to discuss whether to go ahead with an unprecedented meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim.
The summit, originally planned for Jun 12 in Singapore, has been cast in doubt as the two countries - which have technically been at war since the 1950s - test each other's diplomatic mettle.
Trump last week called off the summit after North Korea expressed anger at comments by senior US officials. But Trump later said he was reconsidering his position and US, North Korean and South Korean officials have gone ahead with summit preparations anyway.
The White House said on Wednesday that negotiations at the demilitarised zone along the border between North and South Korea for the summit were going well and that it expects the historic meeting to take place on Jun 12.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Separately on Wednesday at Pearl Harbour in Hawaii, Admiral Harry Harris, the outgoing head of US Pacific Command who is Trump's pick to be the ambassador to South Korea, said North Korea remained the United States' most imminent threat. "And a nuclear-capable North Korea with missiles that can reach the United States is unacceptable," Harris said.
A US official said negotiations about the summit's agenda have so far been slow going, and the two fundamental issues, the definition of North Korean denuclearisation and whether both sides would take actions at the same time or separately, remained unsettled.
'DENUCLEARISATION'
Trump has sworn not to allow North Korea to develop nuclear missiles that could hit the United States and wants North Korea to "denuclearise," or get rid of its nuclear arms.
But the leadership in Pyongyang is believed to regard nuclear weapons as crucial to its survival and has rejected unilaterally disarming.
The US official said the US position remained that North Korea must agree to complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearisation before it can receive any financial assistance, such as relaxation of some economic sanctions, new food or other aid, or new investment, and that the degree of assistance would depend on the pace and extent of Pyongyang's actions.
North Korea's position going into the meetings with Pompeo in New York, meanwhile, was that a pledge of denuclearisation alone should open the way to economic relief, said the official, who is familiar with the talks and spoke on condition of anonymity.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency quoted Seoul's Unification Minister Cho Myoung-gyon as saying in a speech on Wednesday that the differences between North Korea and the United States on the denuclearisation issue remained “quite significant” and it would not be easy to narrow the gap.
However, Cho added that the engagement of the leaders of the two countries meant “chances are high that common ground can be found."
Kim Yong Chol is the most senior North Korean official to meet top officials for talks in the United States since Jo Myong Rok, a vice marshal, met then-President Bill Clinton at the White House in 2000.
A former military spy chief, he has played a central role in the thaw in relations over the past six months between North Korea and South Korea, as well as the United States.
During his tenure as a senior intelligence official, Kim was accused by South Korea of masterminding deadly attacks on a South Korean navy ship and an island in 2010. He was linked by US intelligence to a cyberattack on Sony Pictures in 2014.
North Korea denied any involvement in the attack on the ship and on Sony Pictures.
North Korea defends its nuclear and missile programmes as a deterrent against what it sees as US ambitions to overthrow its leadership and unite the Korean Peninsula. The United States stations 28,500 troops in South Korea, a legacy of the 1950-1953 Korean War.
Fans of the royal family have a beautiful new reason to celebrate. Prince William and Kate Middleton have just welcomed their third child, a beautiful baby boy, and it looks like the couple is beaming with joy. The family is pretty secretive about their personal choices, so the excitement surrounding the new baby comes with a lot of questions. They are full of poise and etiquette in all that they do, but how will the royals handle feeding their new baby? Does Kate Middleton breastfeed, or will she hand off her baby to a nanny for bottle feeding?
Well if the past is any indication, it may seem that Kate Middleton will indeed breastfeed her new baby. With her oldest son, Prince George, The Mirror reported that Middleton was actually breastfeeding and would occasionally be seen wearing nursing friendly dresses when out with her baby. The report also noted that St. James' Palace had not offered an official statement on Kate's plans to nurse and she refused to be photographed while nursing. According to many sources in the royal circle, the reason for this was that she did not want to become a “pin-up for the breastfeeding lobby.”
For most people, childbirth and feeding is just a normal part of life, but the British royal family is far from normal. Historically, according to The Guardian, some women in the monarchy cringed at the thought of breastfeeding their children, and would often enlist wet nurses for breastfeeding so they could get back to having more children. They noted however, that the current monarch, Queen Elizabeth II, was breastfed by her mother, and then continued on to nurse her own children, even though her own sister Princess Margaret publicly opposed the idea.
Breastfeeding is a personal choice that each mother needs to make for herself based on her physical and emotional health, but it may also be a decision that requires immense support and inspiration. The Mirror reported that even Kate Middleton struggled with breastfeeding Prince George at first, but with some help from her midwife, she was able to continue successfully. She possibly also gained some inspiration from her legendary mother-in-law, Princess Diana, who nursed both Prince William and Prince Harry.
Kate also seems to be parenting in a similar style to Princess Diana. When Diana's children were born, noted Newsweek, she was expected to constantly hand her kids off to nannies so she could carry on with her official work. However, she defied the norm and turned out to be a very hands-on mom who breastfed, took her children out with her when she could, and was publicly affectionate and playful with them.
In true Diana fashion, Kate Middleton has also put her children first, and has similarly turned out to be a modern, ever-present mom. It seems she may have even channeled Princess Diana's maternity style with the red custom Jenny Peckham maternity dress she wore as she greeted reporters outside the hospital with her new baby. As reported in Good Housekeeping, Diana wore a similar red dress with a contrasting white collar when leaving the hospital after giving birth to Prince Harry.
So while there isn't a definitive answer on whether or not Kate will be breastfeeding baby number three, there is a likelihood she will continue her tradition of breastfeeding as she did with her first two children. I'm sure that the palace will be as secretive about her personal feeding choices as they have been in the past, but as more information and photographs of Kate and the new baby are revealed, there may be more clues to catch on to.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
REUTERS: Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
On Wednesday the bank cut jobs across that division, many of which came from its Charlotte, N.C., headquarters, a spokesman said. He would not specify the number of jobs lost.
The cuts come as Bank of America is aiming to cut costs to boost financial targets Chief Executive Brian Moynihan has set.
Although Bank of America is also hiring, the employees that it is trying to reduce cost more than those who are joining, Moynihan said at a conference last month. The bank has also been cutting costs by shuttering data centers and moving information to less costly systems run by technology firms.
For any large bank, technology and operations costs run high. Old systems are reliable but dated, while new ones are expensive to develop.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Separately, at a conference on Wednesday, Chief Operating Officer Tom Montag said the global banking and markets unit has roughly 1,300 applications that cost about US$1.3 billion to maintain and run. As the bank sorts through those platforms and decides which to eliminate, some jobs will be lost, said spokesman Dan Frahm.
The Charlotte Observer first reported layoffs at Bank of America's headquarters.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
Plastics compounder Teknor Apex Co. (Pawtucket, RI) has announced that it will build a 15,000-square-meter facility in Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany, to increase the manufacturing capacity of custom compounder Plastic-Technologie-Service (PTS) and establish a new European center for plastics research and development. The announcement comes one year after Teknor Apex acquired PTS and will be a highlight at the Teknor Apex booth at Fakuma 2017.
Groundbreaking for the PTS/Teknor Apex facility is scheduled for spring 2018 and startup is expected by the summer of 2019. Production activity now located at nearby Steinsfeld will be relocated to Rothenburg ob der Tauber, as will the sales and marketing operation currently in Tauberzell.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated Russian President Vladimir Putin on his victory in the presidential polls and expressed hope that under his leadership, the Indo-Russia strategic partnership will continue to grow from strength to strength, the External Affairs Ministry said on Monday.During the telephonic conversation, Modi told the Russian leader that he looked forward to welcoming him in India for the India-Russia Annual Summit later this year."Conveying his compliments on Putin's success, the Prime Minister expressed the hope that under Putin's leadership, the 'Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership' between India and the Russian Federation will continue to grow from strength to strength," the ministry said in a release.Thanking the Prime Minister for the call, Putin conveyed his commitment to further strengthen India-Russia relations in all spheres, and also his good wishes for the continued progress of India.Putin, who has ruled Russia for almost two decades, received 76.66 per cent of the votes and is now set to extend his rule until at least 2024. Putin, Russia's longest-serving leader since Joseph Stalin, appeared to rule out remaining president for life.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
5 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Manchester United's new signing Alexis Sanchez scored on his home debut in a 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town as they took advantage of a slip by cross-town rivals and Premier League leaders Manchester City on Saturday.
LONDON: Manchester United's new signing Alexis Sanchez scored on his home debut in a 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town as they took advantage of a slip by cross-town rivals and Premier League leaders Manchester City on Saturday.
After City had been held 1-1 at Burnley, their daunting lead over United was reduced to 13 points when Jose Mourinho's side eventually overcame a defensive Huddersfield side.
It took 55 minutes before Romelu Lukaku broke the deadlock after which Sanchez won a penalty, had it saved by Jonas Lossl, but tucked away the rebound in the 68th.
"We had to be patient but had to keep the intensity high and the pressure," Mourinho told the BBC.
"We had to break down the Berlin wall organised so well by David Wagner."
City paid the price for missed chances as they drew at Turf Moor with Johann Berg Gudmundsson's 82nd-minute equaliser earning Burnley a point.
Advertisement
Advertisement
City had dominated possession but, after taking the lead with a fine strike from Brazilian Danilo in the 22nd minute, the visitors failed to press home their advantage.
"We are frustrated in terms of the result but the performance was outstanding," said City manager Pep Guardiola.
City have 69 points, ahead of United on 56 with third-placed Liverpool (50) at home to Tottenham Hotspur (48), who are fifth, on Sunday, while Chelsea (50) visit mid-table Watford on Monday.
Sixth-placed Arsenal (45) led Everton 4-0 at halftime and won 5-1 as Welsh international Aaron Ramsey scored the first hat-trick of his career. Record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was also among the scorers.
RELEGATION BATTLE
Huddersfield's defeat at Old Trafford dropped them into the bottom three for the first time since they were promoted as Southampton and Swansea City both moved above them.
Bottom club West Bromwich Albion lost 3-2 at home to Southampton on an emotional day at the Hawthorns, where there was a minute's applause for the home side's former striker Cyrille Regis, who died aged 59 last month.
Albion led early on through Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi but were rocked by three goals in a quarter of an hour either side of halftime.
Southampton held on after Salomon Rondon's goal to secure a first win in 13 league games, leaving Albion four points adrift at the bottom with 20 points.
Improving Swansea earned a valuable point with Federico Fernandez's equaliser at Leicester City, for whom Jamie Vardy scored his 13th goal of the season in all competitions.
Bournemouth consolidated their place in the top 10 by coming from behind to beat Stoke City 2-1 and, on a good day for the south-coast sides, Brighton & Hove Albion beat West Ham United 3-1 to draw level with them on 27 points.
(Reporting by Steve Tongue; Editing by Ken Ferris and Clare Fallon)
To the editor: On Saturday, hundreds of white supremacists descended on Charlottesville, Va., like a biblical plague. Ostensibly these people were protesting the removal of the statue of Robert E. Lee from Emancipation Park, but the purpose of their visitation was baser and their presence viler than that. (“What UVA did wrong when white supremacists came to campus,” Opinion, Aug. 12)
They came to intimidate and to assert their twisted worldview of supremacy. In time, they left, but behind remains a town defiled and dirtied by their presence. It is as though we in Charlottesville need to perform a collective exorcism to rid our streets of the stench of their evil.
I awoke Sunday still saddened and in need of a sense of center. I have long used running as an act of meditation, so I ran. It took me several miles to begin to let go of any portion of my dark feelings. Eventually I passed Emancipation Park, still cordoned off and with a significant police presence. By the time I'd reached the end of my run I knew one thing with certainty: Lee's statue must go.
We cannot let our city give sanctuary to any monument that is a touchstone for contemporary hatred. Do we sell the statue? Donate it to a museum? Maybe, but I have a better idea: Let's melt it into a puddle of bronze and pour it away.
Dave Krovetz, Charlottesville, Va.
..
To the editor: I taught history in Charlottesville in the 1990s. There, I often strolled by the equestrian statue of Lee that has become the contemporary focal point of right-wing veneration and violence.
Erected in the third decade of the 20th century, the Lee monument had far less to do with any remembrance of Civil War valor than it did with the consolidation of a Jim Crow order that oppressed millions and kept Virginia an economic backwater for decades. Today, American fascists have cloaked that bronze horse and rider with an equally dangerous ideology: anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic and traitorous to American ideals.
We need to tear down that statue. More important, we need to revive the spirit of John Brown and other abolitionists in order to defeat the 21st century Confederacy arising in our midst.
Nelson Lichtenstein, Santa Barbara
Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook
The management of the Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC) ordered the suspension of visitation privileges of 60 inmates on Friday, a day after shabu was found from inside the detention cells that they occupy.
Roberto Legaspi, a member of the CPDRC Task Force, said the suspension of visitation rights will continue within the next 15 days to a month.
Those slapped with the penalty are occupants of detention cell number 26 and 98 that are also occupied by high-profile inmates Jenyfer Peregrino and Rusell Calida who are both detained for a drug case.
ADVERTISEMENT
A total of 6.1 grams of shabu worth P71,890 were recovered from the two cells during a greyhound operation initiated by the Public Safety Company (PSC) and the Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) of the Cebu Provincial Police Office (CPPO) on Thursday morning.
The greyhound also yielded P2,400 cash believed to be illegal gambling proceeds, drug paraphernalia, prescription medicines, cell phones and improvised deadly weapons.
“The visiting rights of the inmates (from detention cells 26 and 98) are suspended until further notice. It could be from 15 days to a month because of the gravity of the contraband found. It's not just deadly weapon, it was suspected shabu,” Legaspi told reporters on Friday.
Legaspi said the inmates may also face charges for the violation of the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002.
“But as to who (among the inmates) particularly (will be charged in court), we will have to wait for the outcome of the (ongoing) investigations,” Legaspi said.
Jail officials, Legaspi said, are also awaiting the outcome of the laboratory testing on the substances confiscated from the detainees' cells to determine if these are indeed shabu.
Legaspi warned that suspension of visitation rights will already be imposed on all of CPDRC's around 3,000 inmates if drugs will still be recovered from their detention cells the next time that the police will conduct another greyhound operation on the jail facility.
MAWLAMYINE, Myanmar: Khin Khin Tun's back is a patchwork of burns, searing memories she says from when her former employer poured two flasks of boiling water over her flesh - one for each orange she was accused of stealing.
The 14-year-old and her sister spent years working as domestic helpers in the city of Mawlamyine, southern Myanmar, part of a vast invisible workforce of child servants hidden in the country's wealthy houses.
"Aye Aye Soe took a flask and poured it on the left side of my body. She told me to tell the truth. When I replied I didn't have (the orange) she beat me," she told AFP this week. "When I shouted I was burning, she beat me around the head. There was a lot of blood."
Khin Khin Tun was rescued after three years working for Aye Aye Soe, a 40-year-old widow, and her mother Tin Pyone in their home and as a waitress for their catering service.
The girl was sent by her father to be a domestic helper to fund his medical bills. Her younger sister Thazin Aung, now 12, was later also taken in by the women.
At first Khin Khin Tun was paid 30,000 kyat (US$22) a month for working more than 17 hours a day, but that stopped after her father passed away in 2015. Soon the beatings started.
Hla Shwe, who also worked at the catering company, said she witnessed the boiling water attack in December.
The teenager was forced to strip before Aye Aye Soe "poured hot water" over her body, she said.
"I could only watch this scene. What could I do? I cannot say anything," she added tearfully.
The sisters are among tens of thousands of youngsters who support their families through domestic work for the growing urban elite in Myanmar's booming cities.
Alone, invisible and without any legal protection, experts say they are highly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse.
The issue came to light last year when two teenage domestic helpers were freed from a tailor shop in Yangon, where they said they spent five years being beaten, stabbed and deprived of sleep and food.
The case shocked the country and the president ordered an investigation into how it was handled, but no concrete steps have been taken despite de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi's pledge to protect human rights.
"MONITORING IS IMPOSSIBLE"
"Monitoring is almost impossible," according to Piyamal Pichaiwongse, deputy liaison officer for the International Labour Organization based in Yangon. "The best form of protection is still education and reducing household poverty."
Khin Khin Tun and her sister were rescued in late December when the founder of a local NGO, Thi Thi Nwe, discovered her in hospital.
Sitting in the NGO's office, the teenager described how her employers would accuse the girls of stealing food, then tie them up and brand them with burning wood if they denied it. Sometimes they would be forced to hit each other until they bled, then rub chilli powder, MSG and vinegar into the wounds.
"If we did not want to beat each other, they would beat us. So we had to do it," she said softly, tears in her eyes. "They wanted us to hate each other."
Aye Aye Soe appeared in court on Monday accused of causing grievous bodily harm and voluntary hurt - but not child abuse charges that would ensure she was denied bail.
The widow and her mother refused to speak to AFP journalists outside the Mawlamyine court. Instead they tried to get reporters barred from observing the trial.
The girls' aunt Hla Kyi decided to bring the case, braving Myanmar's slow and often corrupt legal system, after being contacted by Thi Thi Nwe.
At first the employers accused Khin Khin Tun of spilling the water on herself, saying she had "mental problems," Hla Kyi told AFP.
"When I saw the child, I felt sorry. I'm angry too. That's why I opened the case," she said.
Today Khin Khin Tun says she still feels dizzy sometimes, but is hopeful she can now forge a new life with her sister.
"I want my sister to go back to school," she said. "Can I go back to school at this age?"
It may surprise many, especially those susceptible to the CSI effect, but fingerprint evidence is not conclusive beyond a reasonable doubt.
A new American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) working group report on the quality of latent fingerprint analysis says that courtroom testimony and reports stating or even implying that fingerprints collected from a crime scene belong to a single person are indefensible and lack scientific foundation.
“Fingerprinting is one of the most heavily used forensic methods. Routinely, fingerprint analysts report and testify to ‘identification,' that is, that the person who left the mark at the crime scene is the same person whose fingerprint is in the database, said Joseph B. (Jay) Kadane, Carnegie Mellon University's Leonard J. Savage University Professor of Statistics and Social Sciences, Emeritus. “Our review of the scientific literature found that there is no scientific way to estimate the number of people in some community–a city, a state, the country, the world–who share the characteristics found, and hence no scientific basis for identification.”
Kadane, William Thompson, of the University of California, Irvine, Black & White Forensics, LLC's John Black and Michigan State University's Anil Jain illustrate in “Forensic Science Assessments: A Quality and Gap Analysis of Latent Fingerprint Analysis” that while latent fingerprint examiners can successfully rule out most of the population from being the source of a latent fingerprint based on observed features, insufficient data exist to determine how fingerprint features really are unique. This makes it scientifically baseless to claim that an analysis has enabled examiners to narrow the pool of sources to a single person.
Forensic science is an important tool for investigating crime and helping to determine guilt or innocence at trial, but questions have been raised about the validity and reliability of many forensic disciplines. A crucial National Research Council report issued in 2009 noted that most forensic disciplines have not been subjected to rigorous scientific study. And there is no way to know which aspects of these disciplines were based on a solid scientific footing and which were not.
This new report examines the bases for latent fingerprint examination, and sets forth what is known, what is not known and where there are gaps. The 14 recommendations in the report constitute a roadmap for further research. The report should also help key actors in the criminal justice system-law enforcement, lawyers and judges-make more informed decisions.
Mackenzie was told there was a waiting period, and was sent for a battery of tests including blood work and an ultrasound. It took two months for her to finally obtain an abortion, at nearly 12 weeks pregnant.
“I said flat out ‘I'm pregnant and I don't want to be. I want an abortion.' “
After taking a positive home pregnancy test, Mackenzie went to her family doctor — Nova Scotia is the only province in Canada where women must obtain a physician's referral before making an abortion appointment.
“I found out I was pregnant almost immediately. You just get that feeling,” the Halifax resident said in an interview. “I hadn't even missed a period yet.”
HALIFAX — Five years ago, Melanie Mackenzie got pregnant. Her birth control had failed, and the then 29-year-old knew she didn't want to have a baby. She wanted an abortion.
“It was the worst two months of my life,” she said. “The whole thing felt like a punishment.”
Abortion clinic ‘safe zones' to be introduced
Women should be told about their biological clock, says new guideline
Advocates say Nova Scotia is now one of the most difficult provinces in the country in which to access abortion, with women requiring a referral for a surgical abortion, lengthy wait times for the time-sensitive procedure and no provincial coverage for medical abortions using pills.
The province also has no private or free-standing abortion clinics located outside of a hospital. Halifax's Morgentaler clinic, where women had to pay out-of-pocket, closed in 2003.
The Termination of Pregnancy Unit at Halifax's QEII Health Sciences Centre — where more than 85 per cent of the province's abortions are performed — will only book appointments for women who are at least eight weeks pregnant.
With few doctors prescribing the abortion pill Mifegymiso — and no universal coverage of the costly medication in the province — women seeking to terminate early pregnancies are forced to wait.
“Nova Scotia is one of the worst places in Canada to get an abortion. The situation for abortion access is extremely grim,” said Darrah Teitel, public affairs officer for Action Canada for Sexual Health and Rights.
After her blood work came back positive, Mackenzie recalled the nurse congratulating her on the pregnancy in front of other patients.
“I never regretted my decision to have an abortion,” she said. “But it felt like that waiting period and all those tests were to shame me, to make me feel like an irresponsible slut, to punish me. It felt like it was a price I had to pay to obtain an abortion in a country where my right to choose is legally protected.”
In Canada, abortion care is a patchwork of widely differing degrees of accessibility and options depending on the province and region. Abortion access is largely provided in big urban centres, leaving women in small communities or rural areas footing the bill for travel and accommodation.
Nova Scotia once had the region's least restrictive abortion access, but both New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island have changed their policies in the last three years.
In 2014, New Brunswick lifted the so-called two-doctor rule requiring two physicians to certify an abortion as medically necessary.
Abortions became available in P.E.I. for the first time earlier this year. Women on the Island can call a toll-free number to make an appointment without the need for a referral.
Women in Nova Scotia still require a referral and tests before obtaining an appointment for an abortion.
“We do require our patients to get referred to our clinic,” Lianne Yoshida, medical co-director of the QEII's Termination of Pregnancy Unit, said in an interview. “It's been identified as a barrier and it's an issue we're working on. The issue of referral and ultrasound does delay a woman's ability to see us.”
It also may be unconstitutional, said Teitel.
She said the provincial rule requiring a physician's referral is at odds with the Supreme Court's 1988 R v. Morgentaler decision. Evidence presented during the trial showed that the unnecessary wait times involved in physician referrals were creating unsafe conditions for women, Teitel said.
“These delays are still being forced on women in Nova Scotia, and there is no earthly reason why abortions cannot be granted upon self-referral, as in the rest of the country,” she said.
In addition to the referral rule, it's unclear whether delays are exacerbated by a policy enforcing a wait time, restrictions on early abortions or simply a lack of sufficient resources.
While Yoshida said there are surgical issues with abortions performed too early, she said that tends to be around four weeks gestational age.
Still, a receptionist reached at the QEII clinic said abortions are not scheduled before eight weeks — something confirmed in multiple interviews.
Nova Scotia does not appear to keep statistics on how long it takes women to obtain an abortion after a referral.
Several women interviewed for this story spoke on condition of anonymity out of fear of the stigma surrounding abortions and the backlash they could face at work or in the community.
Their stories had recurrent themes. The condom broke. The pill didn't work. The IUD shifted. Contraception fails. Accidents happen.
While some were referred for an abortion by a family doctor without delay, others describe having to “jump through hoops” to get a referral. Wait times tended to be four to six weeks, a delay they described as “agonizing” and “cruel.”
Jennifer Fishman, associate professor in the Biomedical Ethics Unit of the Social Studies of Medicine Department at McGill University, said the ethical problems that arise from making women wait for an abortion are enormous.
“The idea that there is differential access to abortions across the provinces, given that abortion is funded and legal and a medical procedure covered under the Canada Health Act, which operates under principles of universality and accessibility, is incredibly problematic,” Fishman said. “It's unjust and inequitable to make some women wait while others don't have to.”
Another ethical problem is the mental health impact of waiting, she said.
“There is definitely a psychological cost to carrying an unwanted pregnancy,” Fishman said. “Some research shows women will even consider some kind of self-induction, which can be dangerous.”
One woman told The Canadian Press she had four appointments with her family doctor before she obtained a referral for an abortion. Her doctor quizzed her on her knowledge of the fetus and sent her to a psychologist before finally agreeing to refer her.
“At some point, before my doctor agreed to write the referral, I remember standing in the kitchen with a pair of scissors, thinking maybe I'd just cut it out. I considered going to the emergency room and saying I would commit suicide if they wouldn't give me an abortion. The waiting, and the threat of not being able to access an abortion, was emotionally traumatic.”
Fishman said another troubling issue with making women wait until later in their pregnancy to obtain an abortion are the physical health risks.
“Second trimester abortions have much higher rates of complications,” Fishman said. “It's a much more complicated procedure. They are higher risk and they are more expensive.”
Meanwhile, a new method has emerged that would give Nova Scotia women another option in early pregnancy.
Mifegymiso, an alternative to surgical abortion, is an abortion pill that can be used to terminate a pregnancy of up to 49 days.
Advocates say the two-step process using the drugs mifepristone and misoprosto could increase access, provide women with more choices and shorten wait times.
The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada says 171 physicians and pharmacists in Nova Scotia have either registered for or taken a training course on Mifegymiso.
But at a cost of about $350, the pill remains out of reach for many women.
While Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec and New Brunswick have all said they would provide at least some coverage for the drug, Nova Scotia has stayed silent on the issue.
A Health Department spokeswoman said the Nova Scotia government is looking at coverage for Mifegymiso, but a decision has not yet been made.
Meanwhile, it's unclear why women in Nova Scotia must obtain a referral.
Health spokeswoman Sarah Levy MacLeod confirmed that a referral and an ultrasound are required before an abortion can be booked, but she referred questions on the policy to the Nova Scotia Health Authority.
The health authority referred questions to the co-director of the QEII Termination of Pregnancy Unit — the same doctor, Lianne Yoshida, who called the need for a referral a barrier to access that needs to be addressed.
“I don't think it's necessarily political. It's sort of just the way it's always been,” Yoshida said. “It's recognized as a problem.”
TORONTO — A Back to the Future reunion is set for this year's Fan Expo Canada.
Organizers say previously announced guest Michael J. Fox will now be joined by fellow Back to the Future stars Christopher Lloyd, Lea Thompson and Tom Wilson.
READ MORE: IN PHOTOS: Fan Expo takes over downtown Toronto
Edmonton-born Fox starred in the Back to the Future franchise as time-travelling teen Marty McFly.
Fan Expo Canada will run Aug. 30 to Sept. 2 at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre.
WATCH: Back to the Future sneaker could fetch $90,000
Other guests expected include Canadian actors Evangeline Lilly and William Shatner, and American stars Jeff Goldblum and Jason Momoa.
Also in the lineup is Deuce Bigalow actor Rob Schneider as well as Billy Dee Williams and Peter Mayhew of Star Wars and several cast members from The Princess Bride.
A.R. Gurney, a Pulitzer Prize-nominated playwright whose work offered a window into the inner lives of the upper-crust white Anglo-Saxon Protestants he grew up among, has died at age 86.
Gurney's agent Jonathan Lomma said the playwright died Tuesday at his home in Manhattan. No cause of death was given.
Among his more well-known works are "The Dining Room," for which he was named a Pulitzer finalist for drama in 1985, "Love Letters," which earned a Pulitzer finalist nod in 1990, and "The Cocktail Hour."
He was a prolific writer, producing almost 50 plays during his career along with a number of musicals and three novels.
"Love Letters" charts the lives of a man and a woman — lifelong friends with a romantic connection that never quite gets to thrive — through the correspondence they exchange over half a century.
Poignant, arch and artful in both what's said and what's left unsaid, it ranges from thank-you notes and wedding invitations to heartfelt letters. One perceptively funny scene lampoons the rose-colored-glasses tone of a family Christmas newsletter.
"Love Letters" was first done at the New York Public Library in March 1988, with Holland Taylor and Gurney himself reading the play.
The two-person play has been performed by powerhouse acting duos including Ali McGraw and Ryan O'Neal, Mia Farrow and Brian Dennehy, and Elizabeth Taylor and James Earl Jones, among others.
Gurney, in a 1998 interview with the Los Angeles Times, said of his penchant for writing about a fading WASP world, "I've been occasionally nailed by the critics for limiting my sights to a small entity, but I've always believed that if you're accurate and true to what you're writing about, the play will have a larger human dimension.
“People are people."
Born in Buffalo, N.Y., Gurney is survived by his wife, four children, eight grandchildren, and a brother and sister.
On the day of Ugadi a new political party was born in Karnataka. The new outfit named “Bharatiya Janashakti Congress” or BJC wants to take on the ruling Congress and main opposition BJP in the Assembly polls likely to be held in May.The founder of the party is Anupama Shenoy, a controversial former police officer. Shenoy, a DySP rank officer, had the Karnataka Police Service after a major showdown with the Siddaramaiah government two years ago.After her attempts to take her resignation back failed, Shenoy has taken a plunge into politics. Just 20 people attended the launch which took place at 12th-century social reformer Basavanna's birthplace Basavana Bagewadi in Bijapura district. Addressing the near empty hall, the former cop thundered that her party will defeat the Congress in Karnataka.Speaking to News18, she said, “My party will fight corruption and enforce law and order strictly. The Congress government in Karnataka is highly corrupt. The people want a break from bigger political parties”.Shenoy is not alone in her “fight” against bigger political forces in the state. At least half a dozen new political parties have arrived on the poll scene of Karnataka in the last just six months.Sometime in last November, Nowhera Sheikh, a businesswoman, launched a political party to empower women. The CEO of jewellery chain Heera Group, the burqa-clad Nowhera claims that her party All India Mahila Empowerment Party (AIMEP) is a national political outfit and she wants to empower women irrespective caste, creed, religion and domicile tag.Speaking about the party's entry in Karnataka, she said “Karnataka has equal gender ratio but all the major positions are held by the men here, it has never seen a woman Chief Minister in its constitutional history. Women always play a major role in the socio-economic development in Karnataka either business, home, services or sports. They have an important role in each and every aspect of life, so why not in politics?”She has been touring the length and breadth of Karnataka in a helicopter to mobilise support. According to her close aides, Nowhera will field women candidates in at least 100 Assembly seats in the state.Veteran Kannada activist and former MLA Vatal Nagaraj has also launched a new political party called “Karnataka Praja Samyukta Ranga” to fight the Assembly polls on a Kannada plank.Aam Aadmi Party founding member Yogendra Yadav's “Swaraj Abhiyan” has decided to contest from Melukote in Mandya district this time. According to party sources, the Congress has agreed to give them one seat and Yadav's party may not contest in any other seat in the state.On the other hand parties like MIM of Asaduddin Owaisi, Mayawati's BSP, Sharad Pawar's NCP etc are also trying their luck in all important Karnataka Assembly polls. The BSP and NCP have joined the JDS led pre-poll alliance to take on both the Congress and the BJP. Even though Owaisi is keen on joining them, JDS supremo H D Deve Gowda is not showing much interest fearing an upper caste Hindu backlash. MIM office bearers claim that they will contest on their own if the alliance does not work out.But political analysts and leaders of the major parties believe that one or other party or person is behind these new outfits or alliances.Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has openly called MIM a “vote cutting” party backed by the BJP to eat into Congress votes. AICC general secretary and in charge of Karnataka affairs K C Venugopal has also alleged that Mayawati joined hands with Deve Gowda to help the BJP in the elections.The AAP and a breakaway faction of the Arvind Kejriwal's party are also in the fray making the elections more interesting.Commenting on the trend, senior journalist Gautham Machaiah said that voters of Karnataka are mature and can see through such gimmicks. “I think most of these parties are proxies. Some may be BJP proxies. But it will not work here. All of them together may not get even 1% vote.Even mighty leaders like S Bangarappa and B S Yeddyurappa could get 10% votes on their own. They badly lost. In Karnataka, it will not work,” he said.
REUTERS: PepsiCo Inc reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, as the company benefited from its cost-cutting programs and higher demand for its healthier beverages and snacks in North America.
The company's shares were up marginally at US$107.15 in premarket trading on Wednesday.
PepsiCo and other processed-food companies are investing heavily to develop products to meet the changing tastes of consumers, who are increasingly seeking healthier options.
The company has said it now gets about 45 percent of its net revenue from "guilt-free" products - beverages that have fewer than 70 calories per 12 ounces and snacks that have lower amounts of salt and saturated fat.
Net revenue in the North America beverages unit, the company's biggest business, rose 8 percent in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. Volume sales in the unit rose 1 percent.
The company also benefited from lower raw material costs as well as productivity gains from multi-year cost-cutting plans, which include closing plants, simplifying its organization and management structures and investing in manufacturing automation.
However, net income attributable to PepsiCo fell to US$1.40 billion, or 97 cents per share, in the quarter, from US$1.72 billion, or US$1.17 per share, a year earlier.
The fall in net income was due to pension-related settlements and a debt redemption charge in the latest quarter and a tax benefit in the year-ago period, the company said.
Excluding items, the company earned US$1.20 per share.
The company's net revenue rose 5 percent to US$19.52 billion.
Analysts on average had expected earnings of US$1.16 per share on revenue of US$19.51 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
PepsiCo also forecast 2017 adjusted earnings of US$5.09 per share, missing the average analysts' estimate of US$5.16.
The New York-based company said it expected organic revenue to grow at least 3 percent, slower than the 3.7 percent growth in 2016.
(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
On this episode, the GeekScholars host a spoiler-free discussion and review of Logan Lucky, a comedic heist movie about a group of people (Channing Tatum, Adam Driver, and Daniel Craig) who plan to rob a NASCAR race while it is happening.
What to Watch This Weekend is a weekly podcast from GeekScholars Movie News. Each Friday, the GeekScholars present a spoiler-free review of a film that has just become available in the past week to watch by renting, streaming, or purchasing.
Like this: Like Loading...
NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Bangladeshi man set off a homemade pipe bomb strapped to his body in a crowded New York City commuter hub during the morning rush hour on Monday, officials said, immediately calling it an attempted terrorist attack. The suspect, Akayed Ullah, 27, was taken to a hospital after suffering burns from the explosive device, which was attached to his body with Velcro and zip tires and did not fully ignite, officials said. It was not clear whether the attack in midtown Manhattan was intended to be a suicide bombing. The blast, which occurred around 7 a.m. (1200 GMT) in a busy underground passageway between the subway station underneath the Port Authority Bus Terminal and the Times Square subway station, sent commuters fleeing for the exits and police officers rushing to the scene, as officials scrambled to reroute trains and shut down streets. Three people, including a police officer, suffered minor injuries. The attack came just six weeks after police say an Uzbek man, Sayfullo Saipov, plowed a truck through a crowd of pedestrians along a bike path in lower Manhattan, killing eight in an act for which Islamic State later claimed responsibility. In September 2016, a man injured 31 people when he set off a homemade bomb in New York's Chelsea neighbourhood. In recent years, numerous people claiming to be inspired by Islamic State have carried out attacks across Europe, the Middle East and the United States. A law enforcement official familiar with the Ullah investigation said investigators have found evidence that he watched Islamic State propaganda on the Internet. ‘AMATEUR-LEVEL' The weapon used in Monday's attack was “amateur-level,” New York Governor Andrew Cuomo said at a news conference near the explosion site. He told CNN the homemade bomb may not have fully ignited, possibly limiting the damage. Officials said the attempted bombing underscored New York City's status as a target for such attacks, citing the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, which killed more than 2,750 people in New York and nearly 3,000 people in all, and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, which killed six people. “Let's be clear, as New Yorkers, our lives revolve around the subways,” Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a news conference. “And let's also be clear, this was an attempted terrorist attack.” In a statement, President Donald Trump said the attack emphasized the need for U.S. immigration reforms. “America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country,” he said. The president also criticized the visa program that allowed Ullah to enter the United States in 2011 because he had family members already in the country, saying such family visas are “incompatible with national security.” Akayed Ullah, a Bangladeshi man who attempted to detonate a homemade bomb strapped to his body at a New York commuter hub during morning rush hour is seen in this handout photo received December 11, 2017. New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission/Handout via REUTERSAuthorities did not immediately comment on Ullah's motives. When asked whether Ullah had claimed any connection to Islamic State, New York Police Commissioner James O‘Neill said, “He did make statements but we're not going to talk about that right now.” Several U.S. officials familiar with the investigation told Reuters there was no immediate information indicating Ullah was previously known to any American spy or law enforcement agency for any connection to militants or terrorism, though a connection could still be found. Ullah is from the Bangladeshi city of Chittagong and is a U.S. resident, said the country's police chief. He had no criminal record there and last visited Bangladesh on Sept. 8, the chief said. Ullah had a black cab/limousine driver's license from 2012 to 2015, the New York Taxi and Limousine Commission said. Monday's incident was captured on security video, police said. Video posted on NYPost.com showed smoke and a man lying in a long tunnel that connects sections of the sprawling Times Square subway station. A photograph showed a man lying facedown, with tattered clothes and burns on his torso. Slideshow (19 Images)‘EVERYBODY WAS SCARED' The explosion turned a normal start to the work week into a chaotic scene. “There was a stampede up the stairs to get out,” said one commuter, Diego Fernandez. “Everybody was scared and running and shouting.” The bus terminal was temporarily closed, and a large swath of midtown Manhattan was closed to traffic. Subway travel was disrupted but later returned to normal. In December, New York experiences a surge of visitors who come to see elaborate store window displays, the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree and Broadway shows. More than 200,000 people use the Times Square station, the city's busiest, each weekday, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority. Ten train lines stop at the station. The bus terminal is the busiest in the United States, according to the Port Authority. On a typical weekday, about 220,000 passengers arrive or depart on more than 7,000 buses. The bus terminal is adjacent to and above the subway station's western section. A long, narrow underground tunnel connects that part of the station to its eastern section, and is used by thousands of commuters during rush hour. The incident rippled through American financial markets, briefly weakening stock markets as they were starting trading for the week and giving a modest lift to safe-haven assets such as U.S. Treasuries. Technology and energy stocks gained in afternoon trading, helping Wall Street shake off uncertainties following the explosion.
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOTV) – The fifth annual Gazelle Girl Run is coming up this weekend , and we couldn't be more excited. Ronda Brinks is on the road to run the Gazelle Girl Half Marathon. After being awarded the Sole Sisters scholarship, which helps with training and support, Ronda has been training week by week in order to cross the finish line!
Watch video above for her latest update.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Pinterest
More
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Reddit
Gov. Kay Ivey addressed the state of Alabama Monday afternoon regarding the threat of severe weather.
At the press conference, Ivey stressed the importance of preparation.
"All Alabamians, but especially those in the northern half of the state must make sure they and their families are well prepared and heed any other directions that come from state or local officials. Prepare, pay attention, and listen to local officials, this is my advice to all Alabamians this evening," Ivey said.
She said the threat of severe weather is not uncommon in Alabama during this time of the year.
“Folks as we head into the spring season and warmer weather approaches we will most likely endure many possible extreme weather events,” Ivey said.
"This situation will not be the last time we face severe weather this year and we cannot say for sure what will happen tonight and it's also very hard to say where the storms likely will develop but I am proud to say that we are ready to support the people of Alabama and to respond should the need arise," Ivey said.
Ivey assured Alabamians that the Alabama Emergency Management Agency and local county EMA's are ready to respond if needed.
“Alabama EMA and local county EMA's are working closely to ensure resources are in place should they be needed. We do not anticipate a widespread event, but those who do experience storms will most likely experience strong and more severe storms,” Ivey said.
Download the WSFA 12 News First Alert Weather App to monitor the storm and for the latest updates.
Copyright 2018 WSFA 12 News. All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS: Curtis Leoni and Robin Davis had a prime spot at Las Vegas's Route 91 Harvest Country Music Festival, standing just 100 feet from the stage, the Mandalay Bay Hotel towering over them.
But not long after the final act began, the pair heard a volley of shots and, as Davis puts it, "our lives changed forever." But "we are some of the fortunate ones," she says. "There's a lot of people that didn't get to go home."
Leoni, a policeman from Colorado, was hit in the thigh and now hopes to one day walk normally, while Davis will now live with shrapnel embedded in her leg.
When shots first rang out Leoni immediately "recognized it as a real gunshot" and warned Davis to stay standing for risk of being trampled to death. After the second round of fire the band stopped and the couple fled, seeking shelter.
Following the third discharge, Leoni fell, struck by a bullet in the right thigh. Upon touching his leg the policeman's hand was covered in blood. He feared for his femoral artery; had it been hit, "I was gonna die in about two minutes," he says.
"People got up and started running," Leoni told AFP. "The shots started back up and we were stuck in the middle of nowhere and I couldn't get up, and I could hear the shots flying all around us, and there was nothing we could do."
Advertisement
Advertisement
"We just sat there, hoping that we weren't going to get killed, that we weren't going to die."
The shooting finally stopped and Davis called for help, wrapping the wound with a tourniquet crafted with the strap of her bag.
Several people ultimately carried Leoni to a red pick-up, and he was transported to the hospital along with 10 others.
GOOD SAMARITANS
The cop hailing from Denver escaped the grisly scene thanks to that "good Samaritan" driver, who made three trips evacuating the wounded that night.
Since that harrowing night Leoni - who after 23 years in the force is no stranger to compartmentalising his feelings - says his most marked emotion remains anger.
Curtis Leoni, who was shot in the leg at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival when a gunman opened fire on the crowd killing 58 people and injuring some 500, recuperates with his girlfriend Robin Davis. (Photo: AFP/Robyn Beck)
"I'm mad at that guy. Why would you do something like that?" he says from his hospital room. "We were there to have a good time and something like this happens. And our lives are changed forever, for no reason and that really makes me angry."
"I'm not used to being the victim," he continues. "My job is to help people in these situations, and I could do nothing. Absolutely nothing."
Leoni is still suffering from nerve damage and is unable to move his right foot. Doctors say feeling may come back, but nothing is certain.
Despite the horrors of Sunday's massacre in Las Vegas - which left 58 dead and some 500 wounded to become the worst mass shooting in recent US history - profound friendships rose from the ashes.
The driver of the pick-up checked in to see if Leoni had been released, and he met the couple whose lives he touched mid-week.
"We have a new friend for life," Davis said. "That kind of was a summary of what the night turned out to be. We're not going to talk about the person who did this horrific thing "We're going to talk about the people that stood up for each other."
Leoni, who is due to leave the hospital Friday, insists that he adores Vegas despite having narrowly escaped a tragic end there.
"I must've come 100 times," he says of the city famous for gambling and vice, where he had been planning to visit again with some buddies come February. "We'll see if there's a 101st."
Note: If you forgot your Apple ID, you can recover it without having to change your email address.
Never fear: We'll walk you through the steps of changing the email address associated with your Apple ID and help troubleshoot some common problems.
If you want to change the email address associated with your Apple ID, you can do so from a web browser. For the most part, it's simple. Unfortunately, there are times when changing your Apple ID doesn't work right: You may be told by Apple that the email address you want to use is already an Apple ID, or you might not even be able to change your email address.
Your Apple ID is your gateway to all of Apple's cloud services: iTunes, Apple Music, and iCloud. But what about your actual username? It's usually an email address: Often, it's an @icloud, @me, or @mac address — but you might also have signed up with your third-party email account, like @gmail.com.
Apple suggests that you sign out of your Apple ID from all your devices before changing your email address: This is mostly so you won't be caught off guard when your old Apple ID no longer works. You will also have to manually sign out of iTunes and the App Store.
When you create a new Apple ID, Apple also creates an @icloud.com email address for you. This email address is linked to your Apple ID and can't be unlinked or used as a new email address for a different Apple ID without some major AppleCare hassle.
Because your Apple ID is also an email address, you'll need access to said email address for the purposes of verifying the change. Make sure you know your email account's password before you make any changes.
Your Apple ID is an email address, like [name]@gmail.com or [name]@yahoo.com, but the password is not necessarily the same. Your email password is probably something different than your Apple ID password, unless you used the same password for both accounts. (Spoiler: You shouldn't have, but some people do.)
How to change the email address associated with your Apple ID
If you want to change the email address that you use for your Apple ID, and you know your current Apple ID and password, you can change it from any web browser.
Navigate to appleid.apple.com from a web browser on your iPhone, iPad, Mac, or PC. Enter your Apple ID and Password. Click or tap the arrow to log in. Verify your identity by either answering your security questions or entering the verification code that was sent to your trusted device (depending on whether you have two-factor authentication enabled). In the Account section, click or tap Edit next to "Reachable At." Click or tap Change Email Address. Enter the new email address. Click or tap Continue. A verification code will be sent to the new email address. Open the email from Apple. Click or tap on the Verify email address link in the email. Enter the verification code at appleid.apple.com. Click or tap Verify. Click or tap Done when finished.
In a perfect world, these are the only steps you'd need to change the email address associated with your Apple ID. But, problems arise. If you find yourself coming across issues trying to set a new Apple ID email address, read on.
What to do if your email address is already being used with an Apple ID
If you see a warning that the email address you are trying to change to is already being used, it's because another Apple ID is already attached to this account. Even if you don't remember creating an account with it or create it yourself, it's already being used. Okay? Now, let's fix it.
You'll need access to three email accounts for this process.
The email account associated with your active Apple ID.
Apple ID. The email account associated with the Apple ID you want to change your active Apple ID to (you don't need to know any Apple ID password, but you will need to know the email password).
A third email account that can be used as a throw-away email (one that has not already been used as an Apple ID). You can create one before starting, or use an older email address that you don't use anymore (but know the password for).
Step one: Get the password for the Apple ID associated with the email you want to change to
In order to get rid of the Apple ID that's currently bogarting the email address you want to use, you'll have to be able to access it. You can ask Apple to reset the password for the Apple ID associated with it.
Navigate to iforgot.apple.com from any web browser. Enter the email address you want to switch your active Apple account to (the one you can't currently change because it's already being used). Type in the CAPTCHA characters to prove you aren't a robot. Click or tap Continue. Select I need to reset my password. Click or tap Continue. Select Get an email. Click or tap Continue. Open the email you receive from Apple. Click or tap Reset now. Enter a new password. Reenter the new password. Click or tap Reset Password.
Now you know the password for the Apple ID that you don't remember creating and don't want to use anyway, so you can access it to make changes to it.
Step two: Change the email associated with the inactive Apple ID
Everything you did in Step 1 was so you can disassociate that email address from the inactive Apple ID. Now that you have access to it, you can change the email address associated with it to something you don't care about. This is where you can use an old email address or a brand new one that you've just created for the sole purposes of using it for the inactive Apple ID.
Follow the steps for changing the email address associated with your Apple ID and use the Apple ID email address and password from Step 1 above. Change the email associated with that account to the throw-away email address.
Step three: Go back and change your active Apple ID email
Now that the email address you want to use for your active Apple ID is freed up, you can make the changes. Follow the steps for changing the email address associated with your Apple ID. This time, when you enter the new email address, you'll actually be able to use the one you want.
What to do if you don't see the option to change your email address
If the email address associated with your Apple ID is an @me.com, @Mac.com, or @icloud.com address, you can only change your Apple ID to another @icloud.com address that's already been associated with your account. If you want to change it to a different third-party provider, you're out of luck: The only option you have in that arena is to start over with a brand new Apple ID. Unfortunately, this means losing all the content you have associated with your current Apple ID.
If you fall into this camp and want to use a new third-party email address as your Apple ID, you might think about downloading as much content as possible onto your devices or into another cloud-based service ( like photos, contacts, iCloud Drive documents, content not purchased on iTunes, etc.), and then starting over from scratch with your preferred email account.
Be warned: If you do that, you'll lose all of your iTunes purchases, including movies, music, iBooks, and apps across all of your devices. So, make sure it's worth the loss.
See how to download Photos onto your iPhone
See how to transfer contacts, calendars, and reminders to your iPhone or iPad by logging out of iCloud
See how to create a new Apple ID on your iPhone or iPad
What to do if you entered the wrong email address when you created an Apple ID
If you accidentally used the incorrect email address to create an Apple ID (for example, you used .com instead of .net), you can fix the mistake simply by changing the email address associated with your Apple ID.
Follow the steps for changing the email address associated with your Apple ID but use the incorrect email address to sign in. Once you've changed the email address, you'll be right as rain.
Any questions?
Do you have any more questions about changing the email address associated with your Apple ID? You can always check out Apple's knowledge base document on the subject, post them in the comments below, or visit our iMore forums. If you're having a particular issue, our reader community can probably help you out.
In a video shared online, a man in black t-shirt was seen throwing a bicycle with the ofo logo down from a height.
SINGAPORE: Bicycle sharing start-up ofo on Thursday (Jun 15) confirmed it has lodged a police report, after a video showing a man throwing one of its bicycles down from a high floor of what looked like a Housing and Development Board (HDB) block surfaced online.
The video was posted on Vimeo on Thursday morning and was subsequently shared widely after being posted on discussion platform Reddit.
In the video, a male voice could be heard in the background saying: "This is not my fault, I swear to god", while another man, clad in a black t-shirt, picked up a bicycle with the ofo logo and threw it down from a height.
Responding to queries from Channel NewsAsia, Ms Angela Cai, the global public relations lead for ofo, said: "This is something that goes beyond vandalism and poses a great threat to people's safety. We will not tolerate this and will work with the police and make sure justice is served."
Channel NewsAsia has reached out to the police for confirmation.
Advertisement
FREE Consultancy to Raila Odinga Ahead of 2017 Polls
My dear Raila Odinga, My name is Amenya aka The Banana Pedlar. Sir, you know I have always esteemed and extolled your unparalleled integrity. Today I have decided to proffer you free political consultancy on how to win an election. For once, forget about those idiots that you surround yourself with – those bedbugs that you call your advisers.
I am certain you will carry the CORD flag because you are the best fit. Sir, since you don't have a tree in your father's compound that grows money in US dollar or KSH note form; it is time to raise your campaign funds. My donation, you will get, so will every other presidential candidate including Senator Mong'are and the outgoing President Uhuru Kenyatta of Jubilee Party as long as they demonstrate commitment to fairness and peace. In fact, I have reserved Ksh100K for you but that is beside the point. The following is my message to you:
Having run for the highest office on land three times, my intelligent guess is, you ought to have understood how our elections are conducted and perhaps “won”. I am certain you must have also realized, just as I have, that it is impossible for a man of impeccable character and unmatched integrity to scale the hurdles formed on his way. In light of that, the funds expended in building parties, bankrolling primaries and campaigns are by no means clean.
2017 is here. This year offers the brightest opportunity for you to vanquish and assume business at the helm of affairs. Nonetheless, I always acknowledge that we have the highest number of economic thugs per square kilometre. Therefore Sir, for you to get there, however, you should assure all former and current notorious thieves in Uhuru administration that you'll not probe them.
We all know that the President and his deputy have committed an avalanche of impeachable offences. If asked, they belong in prison. Nonetheless, assure them that they will remain untouched and that they won't be handed over to ICC. I know how difficult it is but try and pretend if you have to. That way, it'll do your campaigns more good than harm. Guarantee former devolution CS Anne Waiguru that the Ksh20b she stole from NYS is fully hers and she can keep it as long as she promises to invest it locally. Confirm to DP William Ruto that all the lands he is alleged to have grabbed, all the Eurobonds he is alleged to have connived with his point man at the treasury to pilfer, will all remain his as long as he promises to invest here at home
Assure the President's sister that is stealing in the name of the disabled that nobody will touch her brother and her. Try and forgive them from the bottom of your heart. In your twilight years on earth, the best you can do is to forgive them all. When campaigning, appeal to looters of our common wealth to invest their loot in Kenya so as to create jobs for our youth. Don't look at the side mirror. Our nation can still become great again. By doing the above as stated, you'll win the hearts of thousands of Kikuyu youth that detest this administration but would not want to see its leaders imprisoned. ESCHEW issuing scary and threatening statements against the current leadership especially after you are declared winner.
Take note of the other arm used for rigging elections, the “security” agents. Remember many of the security agents that admire and support you inwardly are absolutely crippled. They swear allegiance to their master because that is the only job they have with which they fend for their families. Heartrendingly, some of those will be used to snatch and stuff ballot boxes with ghost votes. On behalf of dead voters, some of those agents would be used to thumbprint on millions of ballot papers or supervise those doing it in remote villages, bushes, schools, caves and even in shrines.
Your victory in 2017 will serve as compensation to the tribulations you've been put into in the past years. This government has failed its people and no one is happy with it. You have an ample chance to defeat Uhuru by a wide margin in a free fair and credible poll. Ignore the Tom Wolf and his government-sponsored IPSOS opinion poll object. It is fashioned to poison people's mind and eventually change their positive perception on your quality leadership.
All you and your party CORD need to do is give IEBC close marking. On voting day, cities and major towns will be overrun by military tanks and “loyal” troops – the same troops who now flee on the mention of Al Shabaab. In your strongholds, 99 per cent of voters may “cast” their votes. Be aware that those ballot boxes may be emptied to fishes inside rivers, latrines to ancestors in the great beyond.
Begin now by picking 66, 000 trusted persons who will man all the 33, 000 polling stations in the country. Ensure that they all own a phone and can be traced anytime. Place them on good salary. DO NOT allow IEBC to singlehandedly recruit ad-hoc staff. Since the electoral body won't go to heaven to get them, let political parties many of the needed staff. After all, it is lawful. Before the polls, IEBC should make available an authentic and reliable voter register in each polling station. That is, if they insist on going manual. Ensure your agents make copies of them to help detect and deal with any variation on voting day.
Best wishes, Dr. Raila Amolo Odinga, as you mark the anniversary of your beloved son the late Fidel Castro Odinga on Wednesday. May the almighty guide and protect you as you ready yourself to perform your last but most important duty to your country.
Signed
Albert Nyakundi Amenya (The Banana Peddler)
Australia captain Steve Smith will return home from the tour of India due to a shoulder injury, Cricket Australia announced just hours before the opener of a three-match Twenty20 series against the hosts on Saturday.
MUMBAI: Australia captain Steve Smith will return home from the tour of India due to a shoulder injury, Cricket Australia announced just hours before the opener of a three-match Twenty20 series against the hosts on Saturday.
Smith hurt his right shoulder diving in the field during the fifth and final one-day international against India at Nagpur on Sunday, adding injury to the insult of a 4-1 series loss for the visitors.
The board said an MRI scan had ruled out any serious injury and the 28-year-old would be fit for the start of the domestic season and lead Australia against arch-rivals England at home in the Ashes series starting on Nov. 23 in Brisbane.
"Following the (Nagpur) match, he (Smith) complained of shoulder soreness, which has not settled and is restricting his ability to bat and throw," team doctor Richard Saw said.
"Subsequently he has had an MRI scan which has excluded serious injury but we believe the best course of action is for him to not continue to aggravate his shoulder and allow it to recover.
"He will have further investigation upon his return to Australia but we remain confident he will be available for the start of the Sheffield Shield season."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Vice-captain David Warner would lead Australia in the Twenty20 series, while all-rounder Marcus Stoinis would replace Smith in the squad, Cricket Australia added in a statement.
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by John O'Brien)
U.S. special forces soldiers were training their Nigerien counterparts in the West African nation's volatile southwest, a growing hot-bed of jihadist violence, when the report came in of a raid nearby.
NAIROBI/ABIDJAN: U.S. special forces soldiers were training their Nigerien counterparts in the West African nation's volatile southwest, a growing hot-bed of jihadist violence, when the report came in of a raid nearby.
The assailants were believed to be led by Dondou Chefou, a lieutenant in a new group operating along the Mali-Niger border and called Islamic State in the Greater Sahara. A decision was soon taken to pursue them.
The mixed force was ambushed by fighters on dozens of vehicles and motorcycles. Under heavy fire, U.S. troops called in French fighter jets for air support. But the firefight was at such close quarters the planes could not engage and were instead left circling overhead as a deterrant.
The version of events, as told by two Nigerien and two Western sources briefed on the incident, shines a light on Washington's increasingly aggressive Special Forces-led counter-terrorism strategy in Africa and its risk of casualties.
Four U.S. soldiers died in the firefight, killed in a country where most Americans were unaware their army is deployed but Washington has steadily grown its presence.
At least four Nigeriens were also killed and, according to one Niger security source, militants seized four vehicles in the ambush. French helicopters, scrambled after the U.S. call for help, evacuated several soldiers wounded in the clash.
Advertisement
Advertisement
A diplomat with knowledge of the incident said French officials were frustrated by the U.S. troops' actions, saying they had acted on only limited intelligence and without contingency plans in place.
U.S. officials declined to comment on details of what happened in the Nigerien desert on Wednesday.
"The U.S. military does not have an active, direct combat mission in Niger," said Pentagon spokeswoman Army Major Audricia Harris.
U.S. assistance to Niger's army, however, includes "intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance in their efforts to target violent extremist organisations in the region," she said.
U.S. military deployments are on the rise in Africa.
In May, a U.S. Navy Seal killed in a raid on an al Shabaab militant compound in Somalia became the first U.S. combat death in Africa since the 1993 "Black Hawk Down" disaster in Mogadishu.
In Niger, Washington has deployed around 800 soldiers, runs a drone base in the capital Niamey and is building a second in Agadez at a cost of around US$100 million.
U.S. Special Forces help local troops develop counter-terrorism skills to tackle threats from al Qaeda-linked groups, Nigeria's Boko Haram and Islamists who have pledged allegiance to Islamic State.
"It's a pretty broad mission with the government of Niger in order to increase their capability to stand alone and to prosecute violent extremists," the U.S. military's Joint Staff Director, Lieutenant General Kenneth McKenzie, said on Thursday.
"WHY SHOULD WE DIE FOR THIS?"
Washington has long seen the Sahel as a security threat but involvement increased in the wake of a 2012 occupation of northern Mali by Islamist militants.
France led an offensive against the Islamists a year later, and the U.S. government now provides logistical and intelligence support to a 4,000-troop French counter-terrorism operation in the region.
The U.S. military organises an annual, high-profile U.S. drill as well as longer-term, more discreet training of regional forces. But experts say U.S. involvement in the fight does not stop there.
"It is likely that there are other operations going on aside from just the training operations," said Andrew Lebovich, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations.
In missions run out of a base in the northern Niger town of Arlit and others like the one that led to the ambush of U.S. troops, sources say they have helped local troops and intelligence agents make several arrests.
"It is discreet but they are there," a Nigerien security source told Reuters.
Analysts are awaiting the political fallout of Wednesday's ambush with some speculating it may spark a reversal of the U.S. stance on a new regional force - known as the G5 Sahel - which France is pushing but which Washington is cool on.
Others however like Ahmedou Ould Abdallah, a former top United Nations official in West Africa and Somalia, recall with concern the American pullout following the "Black Hawk Down" incident. Eighteen U.S. soldiers were killed when Somali militia shot down two helicopters in Mogadishu.
"In Somalia, they over-reacted and withdrew their troops ... My worry is that after this attack they will also over-react. Trump might just say 'Why should we die for this?' I hope they don't."
(Additional reporting by John Irish in Paris, Emma Farge in Dakar and Phil Steward in Washington; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Bradley Shepherd has been around computers for a long time.
“I was always interested in video games and computer science as a kid” Bradley said. So when he came to the University of Maine, he decided to take his study of computers and how they work to the next level, majoring in computer science as an undergraduate. The program of study at UMaine first introduced Bradley to game design, and Bradley hasn't looked back since, founding his own company, Boreal Games, and creating his own game, Crystal Companies.
His business ideas have been a few years in the making though, and he's worked hard to get where he is, both academically and entrepreneurially. Bradley took his first video game course – the first of three – his sophomore year of college. This course introduced him to the Unity game engine, the gaming engine that is the foundation for his current game, Crystal Companies.
In this course, Bradley wanted to know how to set up multiplayer games using the Unity engine, spending almost 100 hours watching tutorials and troubleshooting how best to create his own game. “I quit my job at a bank, and dedicated myself to learning as much as I could about gaming,” he said. “That was the entire summer after my sophomore year of college.”
Things really began to pick up for Bradley his junior year of college, when he took his second video game course: COS 498, topics in computer science. It was in this class where he was able to work more on the foundational parts of his game, which is a computer card game that uses a battlefield like a gameboard. The cards themselves are animated, and move around on a field, mixing tactical strategy and card placement with competition.
At the end of his junior year, he had a simple version of the game, but his own video game, nonetheless. “It had all of the components of logging in, but no real rules [yet]” Bradley said. “It was really only a demonstration of what we could do.”
Bradley ended up spending another whole summer, after his junior year, adding in a lot of the components that he had wished for during the regular school year, eventually turning the game into his senior capstone so he could continue working on it while earning his degree. The basic architecture of the game was there – and he passed his senior capstone with the game – but after he graduated, he wanted to keep going, potentially even to begin marketing Crystal Companies.
The summer after he graduated, June 2016, his company, Boreal Games, became a reality: consisting of Bradley as the CEO and coder, Bradley's brother Devin as the copy-editor, and Bradley's friend Will, who had a background in New Media. It was also during this time that Bradley reached out to the Innovation Center to receive some help writing up an application for a Libra Future Fund grant, to help him kick-start his business, and bring Crystal Companies to market.
“The Innovation Center helped a lot with editing [the grant application] and overall advice as to where to go for funds,” Bradley said. “I didn't know what I was doing writing the grant or starting the business, but Renee Kelly [the Assistant Vice President for Innovation and Economic Development] and Angela McCue (the Innovation Outreach Manager] helped a ton.”
Bradley and Boreal Games would go on to be awarded the Libra Future Fund grant, become a tenant at the Foster Center for Student Innovation, and in the fall of 2016, also be awarded a Maine Technology Institute (MTI) Techstart grant to begin setting up focus groups to test their game, Crystal Companies, and to work on drafting up surveys for players of the game.
For now, that's the focus: getting people in front of the game. “We're going to get people playing the game, and then talk about everyone's experience playing the game,” Bradley said. “That way we can better inform our decisions with quantitative and qualitative evidence and data.”
Even with these small victories, Bradley is staying busy. In addition to running a business and continuing to improve his game by simplifying the code, Bradley is also earning his Master's degree in Information Systems here at UMaine. At the end of the year, after he earns his Master's degree, his goal for Crystal Companies and his business is to get the game onto Steam, an online gaming platform where people can play new games.
While there's still a lot of work to do, Bradley is excited about the future of his company and the interest surrounding his video game. “Things are starting to move fast,” Bradley said. “You want people to enjoy their experience. That's always going to be a challenge.”
With the kind of work Bradley and his team have been putting in – and the kind of successes they've been experiencing – the challenge of perfecting their video game is one Boreal Games is ready to take on.
It's here - the grudge match between Lawrence Okolie and Isaac Chamberlain headlines the O2 Arena on the British Beef show.
There's been plenty of trash talk between the pair with Anthony Joshua representing Okolie - the former Team GB Olympian from Rio de Janeiro.
The consensus is that Chamberlain is the slicker boxer, but Okolie has the concussive power.
Eddie Hearn has matched his prospects early, some might say, but the pair will likely both go on to better things from this, with a lot to be learned from the 10-rounder.
There promises to be a considerable interest from ringside too, with Joshua likely to be joined by British heavyweight contenders Dereck Chisora, Daniel Dubois, Dillian Whyte and Tony Bellew - who will be working as a pundit.
On Monday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge became parents to another son. For one shining moment, nothing else in the news mattered because a baby prince joined the royal family. As news of the newest royal baby's arrival traveled quickly around the globe on Monday, the world offered up congratulations to Prince William and Kate Middleton on the birth of their third child. Some of the best reactions, however, came from members of the royal family itself. And Prince Charles responded to royal baby no. 3's birth in the most hilarious way.
The still-unnamed prince is Prince Charles' third grandchild — and apparently, the thought of three energetic grandkids seems a bit daunting to the Prince of Wales, E! Online reported. On Tuesday, Prince Charles, 69, released a statement on behalf of himself and his wife, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. “We are both so pleased at the news,” Charles said in a statement. “It is a great joy to have another grandchild, the only trouble is I don't know how I am going to keep up with them.” (LOL. Awww.) The thing is, I have a feeling it won't be too long before Prince Charles has even more grandchildren.
Although Prince William and Middleton may ultimately decide to have more children, Prince Harry is getting married to Meghan Markle next month, after all. And he reportedly wants children in the near future, InStyle reported. So it might not be too long before George, Charlotte, and the new little prince have cousins to play with — and Prince Charles has even more grandchildren to "keep up with." Katie Nicholl, a royal expert and author of Harry: Life, Loss, and Love shared with Entertainment Tonight in March Prince Harry's desire to start a family. "My sources are saying that Prince Harry, particularly, is very keen to start a family, pretty soon after the royal wedding," Nicholl told ET Online. "He's made no secret about wanting children."
Chris Jackson/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Although I realize Prince Charles' comment about not being able to keep up with his grandchildren was probably in jest, it seems like he's doing just fine with his grandfatherly duties. In fact, Prince Charles seems to have piqued Prince George's interest in one particular hobby of his: gardening. In April 2017, Prince Charles was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Gardeners' Question Time about bonding with his grandson in the Royal Gardens at Highgrove, Country Living reported. "You never know, do you, what people are going to be interested in," he said. "The most important thing is I got him planting a tree or two here, so we planted it together and shoveled in the earth." Prince Charles continued:
That's the way, I think, when you are very small, and then each time they come you say, "Do you see how much the tree has grown, or whatever?" and you hope that they take an interest.
Aside from Prince Charles' humorous reaction to the birth of his third grandchild, other prominent reactions to the birth of the third royal baby include an official statement from Queen Elizabeth II, the Duke of Edinburgh (Philip,) Prince Charles, the Duchess of Cornwall (Camilla,) and Prince Harry, People reported. A tweet from Kensington Palace listed these specific royals, adding, "Members of both families have been informed and are delighted with the news."
And in case you missed it, President Barack and First Lady Michelle Obama's reaction to the newest royal baby's arrival is simply adorable. "Barack and I are thrilled to congratulate The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge on their newest arrival!" the former first lady tweeted on Monday, HuffPost reported. "We hope to meet him soon for a Kensington Palace pajama party. I'll wear my robe!" LOL. (I expect photos of this, too!)
Overall, the world seems thrilled that Prince William and Kate Middleton have welcomed another royal baby. And even if Prince Charles is truly worrying how much longer he can "keep up" with his growing number of grandkids, I have little doubt that he'll still find special ways to connect with them — even if their little kid energy does wear him out.
Check out Romper's new video series, Bearing The Motherload, where disagreeing parents from different sides of an issue sit down with a mediator and talk about how to support (and not judge) each other's parenting perspectives. New episodes air Mondays on Facebook.
Experts say a powerful video of Alek Minassian's arrest reveals a textbook case of an officer defusing danger through a series of life-and-death choices based on training and a calm mind.
The footage shows an officer who police sources identified as Const. Ken Lam standing up, turning off his siren and talking clearly to the suspect, even as the dead and injured lay along Yonge Street after being struck down by a white rental van.
“This is exactly the type of de-escalation … and response to these types of confrontations that we hope to see,” said Ontario ombudsman Paul Dube.
Lam calmly holstered his revolver, held up his baton and handcuffed Minassian as he lay on the sidewalk.
“He gave himself the space and time. He assessed the threat and realized he had options other than firing his weapon.”
Dube published a June 2016 report calling for increased police training on defusing dangerous situations after several high-profile deaths of people with mental illnesses who confronted officers.
He said the constable's actions are a sign that police are gaining from training that includes simulations of tense standoffs with people who are emotionally unstable.
Sammy Yatim's death in July 2013 in Toronto — where the mentally ill man was shot multiple times as officers surrounded an empty streetcar he was on — helped prompt reforms.
In recent years at least one day has been added to Toronto police in-service training on de-escalation and “dealing with people in crisis,” said Mike McCormack, president of the police union in Toronto.
Meanwhile, recruits at the Ontario Police College are now receiving more training, as are a number of police forces around the province, though it's yet to be a provincewide standard, said Dube.
Christian Leuprecht, a professor at Royal Military College in Kingston, who studies policing and security issues, also said Lam's actions were “textbook” examples of the latest approaches.
The result is a suspect who is now in custody and who may be able to shed light on why the devastating incident occurred, he said.
Police say Minassian, 25, of Richmond Hill, is the lone suspect in the attack. He was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
Leuprecht noted how Lam only stood up after carefully observing the suspect and determining he didn't have a gun.
Lam spoke loudly and calmly, even as the suspect encouraged the officer to shoot him. When he claimed to have a gun in his pocket, Lam replied, “I don't care,” and repeatedly instructed him to “Get down.”
Leuprecht said Lam seemed to go further than some others might have when he decided to approach and arrest the suspect, rather than wait for backup.
“There's an impressive moment when he takes his firearm, puts it in his holster, he goes over with his baton, and he handcuffs the individual,” he said.
“I think that goes above and beyond the call of duty. He could have had a knife. He could have had a suicide belt.”
However, the university professor, who is currently teaching in Australia, says if the constable had waited for backup, the situation might have escalated and had a different outcome.
“The opportunity to ensure the individual could no longer pose a chance of harm to himself or to others is what that officer jumped at,” said Leuprecht.
McCormack said while additional training is a factor, he knows Lam well enough to say his personality factored in.
He described him as an intelligent, relatively young officer who is highly skilled and trained.
McCormack says the constable — who is in his 30s — positioned himself well so that he could see precisely what was unfolding before him.
“By his actions he did not perceive the threat to escalate and that is why he did not use his firearm,” he said.
"When you're in the moment, you're just so focused on what do you need to do next that it doesn't really go through your mind that you're in the first overtime or second overtime," Tillman said. "You're just in that period, and you're trying to manage that period as best you can."
Valory Music Company
If you've noticed how Thomas Rhett keeps upping the ante with every new music video he makes, you know we should probably be prepared for something pretty spectacular when we finally get to see his vision for “Craving You” with Maren Morris.
“The last three or four… have just been so fun,” TR says of his recent efforts. “Two of 'em were shot on an iPhone. ‘Vacation' was shot literally on a GoPro in Hawaii. It's so exciting just to watch the fan reaction,” he adds.
The Georgia native credits a large part of his video magic to his partnership with director TK McKamy.
“I'm so fortunate to have a guy like TK who I've worked with on the last six videos…” TR says. “Me and him are like, ‘Hey… let's figure out how we can make this bigger than the song.' ‘Cause when you get to do a video, you actually get to tell a story.”
Thomas Rhett's other secret weapon when it comes to videos is his wife Lauren, who's starred in the clips for both “Die a Happy Man” and “Star of the Show,” which were written about her as well. But her husband warns you shouldn't expect to see her in every one.
“I kinda put myself in a hole the first time I put Lauren in a video. Because I feel like my fans are now like, ‘Well, why is she not gonna be in all of your videos?' And I'm like, ‘Because she does not want to be,'” he reveals. “She hates being the center of attention.”
Right now, Lauren is also a little more focused on the couple's growing family. The two are in the process of adopting a little one from Africa, before the arrival of their first baby in August.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Like this: Like Loading...
JERUSALEM, Dec 10 (Reuters) - Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Sunday he hoped the violent protests by Palestinians against U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital were coming to an end.
“Our hope is that everything is calming down and that we are returning to a path of normal life without riots and without violence,” Lieberman told an interviewer on Army Radio.
Violence erupted for a third day in Gaza in response to Trump's announcement on Wednesday in which he overturned decades of U.S. policy towards the Middle East, and Israeli air strikes killed two Palestinian gunmen on Saturday after militants fired rockets from the enclave into Israel on Friday. (Writing by Ori Lewis; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Fireworks, music and the pursuit of hot dogs will mark the 242nd year of independence for the United States on what is expected to be a steamy Wednesday in much of the country.
NEW YORK: Fireworks, music and the pursuit of hot dogs will mark the 242nd year of independence for the United States on what is expected to be a steamy Wednesday in much of the country.
The Independence Day holiday, which brings out crowds from small towns to big cities, is also a time when law enforcement agencies are on the alert for suspicious activity.
Advertisement
Officials said they are taking precautions, but have not detected any credible security threats following the arrest on Sunday of an American-born Ohio man on suspicion of planning to detonate a bomb at Cleveland's Fourth of July celebrations.
"As always, the Department of Homeland Security encourages vigilance by the public to report any suspicious activity to law enforcement,” said Lesley Fulop, a spokeswoman for the agency.
The holiday marks the adoption of the Declaration of Independence by congressional delegates in Philadelphia on July 4, 1776. The actual signing of the document, however, did not occur until Aug. 2, according to the U.S. National Archives.
While the document declared the young nation's independence from Great Britain, it also advanced the cutting-edge notion that "all men are created equal" and that they have rights to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
Advertisement
Advertisement
More than two centuries later, however, it is the pursuit of hot dogs that will mark the holiday at New York City's Coney Island, where contestants will consume as many wieners as possible in what has become a televised event now in its 46th year.
Ten-time winner Joey Chestnut will defend his title in the Nathan's Famous hot dog-eating contest after downing a record 72 last year.
It will be hotter than normal in much of the country. The National Weather Service issued heat advisories for the central plain states eastward to the Mid-Altantic region, with temperatures expected in the 90s and the humidity making it feel like 105 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit (40 to 43 degrees Celsius).
New York will put on what is billed as the country's biggest fireworks display by its sponsor, retailer Macy's. More than 3 million spectators and 12 million television viewers are expected to watch the display over the East River as 75,000 shells illuminate the night sky to the music of singer Kelly Clarkson.
In Washington, singer Jimmy Buffett is set to join the National Symphony Orchestra, along with the Temptations, the Beach Boys and Luke Combs, before fireworks light up the National Mall. Bostonians will celebrate with the Boston Pops along the Charles River, joined by singer Rachel Platten.
In Los Angeles, fireworks will highlight Fourth of July celebrations at the Hollywood Bowl, accompanied by an orchestra. In San Francisco, residents can watch fireworks on the bay near the Golden Gate Bridge, if fog does not obscure the show.
The Fourth of July also marks the approximate halfway point in the Major League Baseball season, with a not-so-reliable popular tradition holding that the teams in first place will finish that way.
(Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York; additional reporting by Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Editing by Leslie Adler)
By Hideyuki Sano
| TOKYO
TOKYO U.S. stock futures dipped and Asian shares were on the defensive on Thursday after a media report that U.S. President Donald Trump is being investigated by a special counsel for possible obstruction of justice.Investors' appetite for riskier assets was also dampened by soft U.S. data and after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected and gave its first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion bond portfolio.Weak inflation readings, in particular, cast doubt on the Fed's view that the economy is continuing to strengthen.S&P mini futures ESc1 dipped 0.2 percent in early Asian trade after the Washington Post reported that Trump is being investigated by special counsel Robert Mueller for possible obstruction of justice.Mueller is investigating alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. Trump's legal team denounced the report.The news came just after the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, Steve Scalise, was shot by a gunman angry with Trump and other Republicans. Scalise was listed in critical condition.MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan .MIAPJ0000PUS dipped 0.1 percent while Japan's Nikkei .N225 fell 0.4 percent.Asian markets were also waiting to see if China's central bank would follow the Fed with another round of money market rate increases, as it did in March. But traders were divided over the possibility, with some analysts noting the yuan is in better than a few months ago while liquidity in China has already been tightening.
The U.S. dollar bounced back from seven-month low against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion portfolio of bonds.Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the process could start "relatively soon", while projections of Federal Reserve Board members also showed they expect one more rate hike by the end of year.Yet the Fed's decision was over-shadowed by surprisingly weak U.S. economic data released before the rate announcement.Consumer prices unexpectedly fell on month in May and the annual increase in core CPI slipped to 1.7 percent, the smallest rise since May 2015, after advancing 1.9 percent in April.Retail sales fell 0.3 percent last month -- the largest fall since January 2016 and way below economists' expectations for a 0.1 percent gain -- amid declining purchases of motor vehicles and discretionary spending.
The data had knocked the dollar and U.S. bond yields to its lowest level in seven months against a basket of currencies. The dollar index .DXY =USD had fallen to as low as 96.323 on Wednesday, having shed nearly six percent on the year, before bouncing back a tad on the Fed's policy tightening.The euro EUR= traded at $1.1210, after having hit a seven-month high of $1.1296.The dollar fetched 109.35 yen JPY=, not far from Wednesday's eight-week low of 108.81 yen.
The 10-year U.S. Treasuries yield US10YT=RR had slipped to as low as 2.103 percent and last stood at 2.129 percent."You cannot help the impression that there is a gap between the Fed's bullish inflation forecast and the weakness in actual data," said Daisuke Uno, chief strategist at Sumitomo Mitsui Bank."The Fed seems to think the weakness is temporary. But that view will be tested in coming months," he added.Money market instruments such as Fed fund futures FFF8 show market players see the likelihood of one more rate hike this year as less than 50 percent.Crude oil prices were listless after having slumped nearly 4 percent to their lowest close in seven months on Wednesday, on an unexpected large build in gasoline inventories.Brent crude futures LCOc1 slipped another 0.4 percent in early Asian trade to $46.83 per barrel, near a five-month low of $46.64 touched in early May.Many other commodity prices are also under pressure. Thomson Reuters CRB index .TRJCRB tumbled to 14-month lows, having fallen almost 12 percent from this year's high hit in January. (Editing by Kim Coghill)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
After the Florence gym floor was flooded by more than an inch of water from a kitchen sink leak, it wasn't hard Friday to find a place to insert a blower underneath the ruined maple floor to try to dry it out.
A police chief says measures are in place in Hartlepool to protect potential victims of child sex abuse and go after perpetrators.
Chief Superintendent Alastair Simpson, of Cleveland Police, outlined measures in place to the Safer Hartlepool Partnership.
It was in response to a question from Fens and Rossmere Councillor Jim Lindridge in the light of the sex abuse scandal in Newcastle which resulted in the convictions of 17 men and one woman.
Under-age girls and vulnerable young women were taken to parties in the city and plied with drugs before being raped and sexually abused.
Chf Supt Simpson told the partnership that Cleveland Police had a dedicated Child Sexual Exploitation (CSE) team to investigate reports and carry out pro-active work.
He said: “We are working with safeguarding boards for some time to make sure we have got structures in place to protect young people at risk of CSE.
“There are good structures in place in Hartlepool. We respond to all intelligence about CSE.
“There is a Tees-wide group and plan to look at protecting young people who may be victims of child sexual exploitation, trafficking or go missing.
“We do have the machinery to make sure we can bring criminals to justice as well as supporting the victims.” Chf Supt Simpson said the police refers potential victims to a Vulnerable Young Persons Action Group which involves a number of agencies including children's services and social care.
He added: “The key issue is developing a trust with young people. We must have trusted adults that young people can approach.”
In the Newcastle case, older men preyed on immature teenagers who were plied with cocaine, cannabis, alcohol or mephedrone, then raped or persuaded into having sexual activity with the lure of the illegal drugs at parties.
Northumbria Police launched a major investigation after receiving information from social workers and initially spoke to 108 potential victims.
WASHINGTON, Aug 15 (APP): US Under-Secretary of State for Political Affairs Thomas A. Shanon on Monday said that the United States acknowledged the tremendous sacrifices of people of Pakistan in the fight against terrorism and the success Pakistan achieved against terrorism was of vital importance to the United States.
Ambassador Shannon was speaking as chief guest at a ceremony held at the Pakistan Embassy to celebrate 70 years of independence. The event was attended by Acting Assistant Secretary of State Ambassador Alice Wells and Acting Secretary of Defence David Helvey besides other officials of the Departments of State and Defence and Pakistani diaspora.
Ambassador Shanon conveyed his felicitation and best wishes to the
people of Pakistan on behalf of President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. He underscored that the United States was one of the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with Pakistan.
The US Under-Secretary emphasized that the two countries share a long and enduring relationship and Pakistan had been at the center of the most momentous foreign policy events of modern US history including its role in establishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and People's Republic of China.
He highlighted cooperation between the two countries for achievement of their shared interests and objectives in the areas of economy, defense, education and social development.
Ambassador Shannon acknowledged the tremendous sacrifices of people of Pakistan in fight against terrorism. He underlined that Pakistan's successes against terrorism were of vital strategic and regional importance for the US.
He said that Pakistan and the United States share fundamental desire for stability and prosperity and strong people to people ties are reinforcing the cooperation between the two countries.
Speaking on the occasion, Pakistan's ambassador to the United States,
Aizaz Chaudhry, who earlier began the proceedings of the event by hoisting the national flag, highlighted the proud journey of Pakistan that has come a long way from a humble beginning in 1947.
He said that peoples of Pakistan and United States share common values of democracy, liberty, justice, and rule of law. He expressed confidence that the two countries will work together to further deepen their decades The Deputy Chief of Mission also read out the text of President Henry
Truman's letter addressed to the founder of Pakistan Quaid-e-Azam Muhammad Ali Jinnah dated August 15, 1947.
Independence Day Cake was jointly cut by the Ambassador Chaudhry and Ambassador Shannon.
It was a moment that sent chills down the spines of Edmonton Oilers fans everywhere. Standing among thousands of Oilers fans in the stands at Rogers Place, Robert Clark's version of O Canada during Game 1 of the Oilers' playoff series with the Sharks last Wednesday was a moment to be remembered.
The lifelong Oilers fan sang the first verse of the national anthem then raised his microphone into the air and let the 18,000 fans inside the arena take it from there.
“It was incredible,” Clark said, adding he had goosebumps the entire time.
“The decibel level, I don't know what it registered but I couldn't hear anything. It was very loud.”
Clark, now in his third year with the Oilers, performed the anthem the same way on Friday night but from a different spot in the arena.
The performance was planned. Clark said he ran through the anthem in a few different spots in the arena several before the game, but didn't know in which location he'd be standing until he got there Wednesday night.
READ MORE: Rogers Place to host another viewing party for Game 4 of Oilers/Sharks playoff series
Raising his microphone to let the fans take over was also planned, partly as a way to pay homage to the late Paul Lorieau, who sang the anthem for the Oilers for 30 years – including during the 2006 Stanley Cup run.
“At the same time, (we were) creating our own new thing,” Clark said. “For me, it just seemed like the natural thing to do.”
Watch below: Lorieau and Oilers fans sing the national anthem during the '06 Cup runs
Lorieau sang his last national anthem for the Oilers and their fans on April 8, 2011. He lost his battle with cancer in July 2013 at the age of 71.
Watch below: Global News report on Paul Lorieau's retirement
Clark said the anthem performance will be the same throughout the playoffs. But where he stands next is anyone's guess.
Follow @CaleyRamsay
The Vatican has announced that Pope Francis has accepted resignations from Bishop Alejandro Goic Karmelic of Rancagua and Bishop Horacio del Carmen Valenzuela Abarca of Talca.
The Chilean bishops failed to protect children from paedophile priests.
Goic has served as head of the Chilean church's child protection commission.
The extent of clerical paedophilia in Chile was detailed in a 2,300-page report compiled earlier this year at Francis's request by Archbishop Charles Scicluna of Malta and his aide, Fr Jordi Bertomeu.
Although almost every bishop in Chile offered his resignation to Pope Francis after a three-day meeting with him at the Vatican in May, he has accepted only individual resignations since the bishops returned to Chile.
So far he has accepted resignations from five bishops.
They include Bishop Juan Barros of Osorno, once a top aide to Chile's most notorious predator priest, Fernando Karadima.
Originally Francis strongly defended Barros, dismissing objections from many of Chile's faithful, including some church officials, who said the bishop was unfit for the office because he ignored Karadima's abuse.
After Scicluna's investigations, Barros's shielding of Karadima came to light.
It also became clear some bishops not only slowed an investigation into Karadima, but also tampered with evidence.
Source
News category: World.
Odell Beckham Jr. links up with Trey Songz on his yacht in Miami today for the post-game festivities. Meanwhile, Joan Smalls is heating up the city in a bikini. Pics and videos inside….
After an arrest in Detroit for allegedly assaulting a police officer, Trey Songz is on his party steez. The R&B crooner brought in the New Year on a yacht as he coasted the waters in Miami. And the party hasn't stopped.
Today, Trigga invited New York Giants ballers Odell Beckham Jr. and Victor Cruz on his yacht to turn up. And the NFL ballers have plenty to celebrate. The playoffs-bound Giants defeated the Washington Redskins (Trigga's favorite team) 19-10 yesterday.
The lituation included some bikini clad chicks, food prepared by a personal chef and endless champagne bottles.
Below are a few clips from Trigga's Snap:
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018.
JULIE SMITH, The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP
A day after Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens announced his resignation, St. Louis prosecutor Kim Gardner dismissed one of the criminal charges the embattled politician faced.
Greitens' defense attorneys reached out to Gardner's office Saturday, offering the governor's resignation in exchange for the circuit attorney's office to drop the felony computer tampering charge, said Susan Ryan, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Office's spokeswoman.
The charge was dismissed with prejudice, meaning the prosecutor's office cannot refile the charge.
Ryan said the conditional agreement signed by both sides will be filed with the court soon.
Gardner said at a news conference Wednesday morning that the "most fair and just way" to resolve the situation in light of Greitens' resignation was to dismiss the felony computer tampering charge against the governor.
More: Embattled Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens resigns amid scandals
More: Timeline: Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens' path to resignation
"If Mr. Greitens were convicted of this charge, it would be unlikely that he would be sentenced to prison, given his first-time-offender status and the type and level of the charge he faced," Gardner said. "I remain confident that we have the evidence required to pursue charges against Mr. Greitens. But sometimes, pursuing charges is not the right or just thing to do for our city or state. Just as I believe the Mr. Greitens' decision to resign is best for our state, I too, have to consider the totality of the situation."
Attorney General Josh Hawley investigated how Greitens' campaign obtained donor data from the charity Greitens founded, finding probable cause to pursue a felony charge of computer tampering against Greitens. He referred those charges to Gardner.
Hawley described the alleged criminal wrongdoing as “certainly impeachable” offenses, raising the prospect that Greitens could be removed from office involuntarily. Later, lawmakers voted themselves into a special session to consider just that.
A St. Louis grand jury indicted Greitens in April on the computer tampering charge. A grand jury also indicted him in February on a felony invasion of privacy charge, but that has since been dismissed. A special prosecutor could refile the charge.
Gardner said she could not comment on the felony invasion of privacy charge. She said Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker has "complete authority" over that case.
Hours after his resignation, Gardner's office announced it had resolved one of the criminal cases involving Greitens.
Greitens announced his resignation Tuesday afternoon, leaving behind a brief and tumultuous legacy and moving on from his first public office with the continued prospect of criminal prosecution related to his 2016 campaign.
“I know, and people of good faith know, that I am not perfect, but I have not broken any laws nor committed any offense worthy of this treatment," Greitens said. "I will let the fairness of this process be judged by history.”
Greitens said his last day in office will be Friday. He said he is proud of what has been accomplished during his tenure, but it was time to resign.
The state constitution lays out an order of succession in which Lt. Gov. Mike Parson, who was elected separately, will take over for his fellow Republican.
Parson is expected to be sworn in to serve the remainder of Greitens' four-year term.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens resigns effective June 1 Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018. 01 / 13 Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, on May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a widening investigation that arose from an affair with his former hairdresser. Greitens said his resignation would take effect on June 1, 2018. 01 / 13
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Science, Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Özlü said the number of technoparks in Turkey rose to 71 along with the Antalya Organized Industrial Zone (OIZ) and the Cappadocia Technology Development Zone, stating that 56 of them run the research and development (R&D) and innovation activities of the companies, while the construction and structuring processes continue in the remaining 15 units.
Speaking to Anadolu Agency (AA), Minister Özlü elaborated on the status of the technoparks in Turkey.
Pointing out that university-industry cooperation is very important for the Turkish industry to work in an export-oriented manner and to compete in international markets, Özlü said academic knowledge will enable new technologies, which will, in turn, lead to the development of new products.
Özlü stressed that the technoparks are one of the country's most important interfaces that serve this purpose, adding that these units, whose numbers are increasing day by day, are contributing more and more to the innovation and technology ecosystem.
Özlü stated that the establishment of technology development zones within the scope of the OIZs are supported in order to enable the industry to access the technologies it needs, to carry out the R&D innovation activities more effectively and to adapt the existing technologies to their own processes more easily.
"With the establishment of technoparks that bring together theoretical knowledge and practice in OIZs, the technologies developed in these areas will be transformed into products more efficiently," Minister Özlü continued. "In this context, 14 technology development zones have been established in OIZs so far and this number has increased to 15 after the decision to establish the Cappadocia Technology Development Zone was published in the Official Gazette."
Özlü underlined that the Antalya OIZ, which houses about 270 factories in its scope, has great potential for entrepreneurs and researchers who want to realize R&D and innovation projects in cooperation with the industry. Informing that the Antalya OIZ Technopark will provide industrialists with the capacity and experience of the Antalya Bilim University (ABU) and the Akdeniz University to implement the R&D projects, as well as design support from the ABU Faculty of Fine Arts and Architecture, Özlü said industrialists will be encouraged to develop new and different products with the support provided by the faculty members and students in product design. "Thus, it is planned to employ a minimum of 350 R&D staff and more than 100 support personnel in the Antalya OIZ Technopark in the next 3 years," he added.
Minister Özlü noted that every year technology development regions measure their performances in terms of different variables such as economic size, technology-based new company formation and employment, university-industry cooperation, and intellectual property rights and exports, suggesting that they are striving to increase the number of technoparks and their qualifications in this frame.
Indicating that the decision to establish the Cappadocia Technology Development Zone was published in the Official Gazette as a result of the activities run in this scope, Özlü said they aim for 30 entrepreneurial companies to operate in the Cappadocia Technology Development Zone in three years and to employ 100 people in these companies, while also creating job opportunities for 250 R&D personnel in the region at the end of the 10th year. "With the establishment of the said region, the businesses operating in and around the region will be encouraged to set up R&D units and thus employ R&D personnel," he noted.
Jonathan Cheban, aka Foodgod, stopped by Cool Mess on the Upper East Side to create a batch of custom ice cream. The concoction, which included the kids cereal Fruity Pebbles, might not make everyone say, "Yabba dabba doo!"
4:23
Jonathan 'Foodgod' Cheban eats a pig's head
“I'm gonna eat a pig's head right now, bro!” Jonathan Cheban, aka 'Foodgod', bragged to a friend on his way to The Cannibal in New York's NoMad neighborhood. The BFF to Kim Kardashian isn't afraid to take culinary risks, like feasting on a pig's cheek, tongue and crispy ears. “It's an Instagram moment,” he told owner Christian Pappanicholas, after finishing off the meaty dish. The Cannibal sells a whopping 60 to 70 pig heads a week.
With the state budget still in the balance, Cheshire Schools are announcing district wide reductions.
Two weeks before classes begin, the district said they will not be filling positions they budgeted for.
The high school is set to lose a science teacher, the middle school will lose a social worker, but perhaps the most noticeable is the changes at the elementary level. According to the district, each of the four elementary schools will lose a fifth-grade teacher, resulting in an increase in class size.
“All four elementary schools losing a fifth-grade teacher across the board that is huge and quite concerning,” said 5th-grade parent Casey Stevenson.
The size of each fifth class is expected to jump to 25 students. Jessica Granahan is a member of the PTA and the mother of a 5th-grade student at Doolittle Elementary. She said she moved to Cheshire solely for the schools and is sad to see this new direction.
"I just wanted them to have a better class better school environment and now it seems like It's dwindling back so it is kind of scary," Granahan said.
The district, however, insists this was the best possible option.
"We have reviewed enrollment at each grade and school to identify areas where we could make adjustments and continue to provide our students and families with an excellent academic experience," Cheshire Superintendent Jeff Solan said.
In the case of a potential $8 million cut to Cheshire, the superintendent said the move is "prudent without substantially compromising quality."
Both Ganahan and Stevenson are looking at state lawmakers to step up. They worry the current budget battle is only the beginning and it is one education won't win.
"There are always tough cuts that need to be made, but I think first and foremost it can't always be the children," Stevenson said.
Dance, physical theatre and circus; they're certainly art, but a good part of the thrill of watching them comes from their sheer athleticism. Sometimes the athleticism is deliberately underplayed to focus on the artistic aspects. Other times it's exuberantly up front and in your face. The ideal is when the two join so seamlessly that you forget any distinction between them. This year's Luminato Festival offers plenty of examples. We weigh the balance and break down some of the most interesting offerings, distributing a total of 10 points between art and athleticism.Akram Khan: Until the LionsTo most people, Until the Lions would qualify as high art, which it is. It's by British dancer and choreographer Akram Khan, and was inspired by the epic Sanskrit poem Mahabharata. But it's also hugely athletic as mythical characters do battle. And when it comes to speed and precision of movement Khan has few equals. He makes your head spin.Article Continued BelowScore: A perfect 5:5 combo; art and athleticism blended into oneJune 15-18, Joey and Toby Tanenbaum Opera Centre, 227 Front St. E.Le Patin Libre: Vertical Influences
PARIS: Serena Williams faces her first seeded opponent at the French Open on Thursday and will hope to use her booming serve to beat Australian Ashleigh Barty in the second round.
Barty, the 17th seed, cruised past Natalia Vikhlyantseva in the first round, while Serena, back at one of her favourite venues after a two-year absence, overwhelmed Czech Kristyna Pliskova in straight sets.
Advertisement
The American is playing in a Grand Slam for the first time since winning a 23rd title at the 2017 Australian Open and giving birth to her daughter Alexis in September.
World number one Simona Halep resumes her quest for a maiden Grand Slam crown against 22-year-old American wildcard Taylor Townsend.
In the men's draw, third seed Marin Cilic faces Poland's Hubert Hurkacz. Defending champion and top seed Rafa Nadal is also in action on day five, facing Argentine Guido Pella on Court Suzanne Lenglen.
Order of play on the main showcourts (all matches second round unless stated, times GMT, prefix numbers denote seeding):
Advertisement
Advertisement
Court Philippe Chatrier (play starts at 0900)
3-Marin Cilic (Croatia) v Hubert Hurkacz (Poland)
1-Simona Halep (Romania) v Taylor Townsend (U.S.)
Julien Benneteau (France) v 15-Juan Martin Del Potro (Argentina)
Serena Williams (U.S.) v 17-Ashleigh Barty (Australia)
Court Suzanne Lenglen (play starts at 0900)
3-Garbine Muguruza (Spain) v Fiona Ferro (France)
Malek Jaziri (Tunisia) v 27-Richard Gasquet (France)
1-Rafael Nadal (Spain) v Guido Pella (Argentina)
Shuai Peng (China) vs 7-Caroline Garcia (France)
Court 1 (play starts at 0900)
24-Denis Shapovalov (Canada) v Maximilian Marterer (Germany)
28-Maria Sharapova (Russia) v Donna Vekic (Croatia)
Pierre-Hugues Herbert (France) v Jeremy Chardy (France)
11-Julia Goerges (Germany) v Alison van Uytvanck (Belgium)
(Reporting by Simon Jennings in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
(New throughout, adds details, updates share prices)
By Liz Hampton
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Weatherford International Plc on Friday reported a larger-than-expected fourth-quarter loss on $1.6 billion in charges, and its shares slid more than 16 percent on doubts that the oilfield firm is executing a turnaround after years of losses.
The quarterly loss widened from a year earlier, despite a general upturn in demand for oilfield services that has benefited rivals. The weaker results could accelerate planned asset sales to pare its $7.5 billion debt pile.
Weatherford reported a fourth-quarter loss of 33 cents per share, excluding items, exceeding analysts' expectations for a 21 cents per share loss, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Revenues for the quarter were $1.49 billion, up 6 percent from the same quarter last year but slightly below Wall Street forecasts.
Shares tumbled 16.3 percent to $3.39 a share on Friday morning.
Debt-laden Weatherford has restructured and sold businesses in an effort to raise cash and revamp. The company last year appointed Mark McCollum, formerly chief financial officer for rival Halliburton Co, as its chief executive. In late December Weatherford sold off an U.S. oil well business to Schlumberger for $430 million.
“Our fourth quarter results reflect a period of adjustment as we hit the reset button,” McCollum said in a conference call. The company expects “significant improvements” in earnings in the first quarter of 2018.
The company said it expects to receive $500 million in incremental proceeds this year from business divestitures, including two expected to launch in the first quarter. Weatherford also said it made substantial progress in the divestiture of its land drilling rigs, and expects an agreement on the transaction shortly.
Still, analysts called Weatherford's fourth quarter disappointing.
“These results are bereft of redeeming qualities,” investment firm Tudor Pickering Holt wrote in a research note. Researchers from Capital One Securities said “it will likely be hard for investors to believe in the operational improvement story.”
Global oil prices have rebounded to three-year highs, prompting a broad uptick in drilling activity and demand for oilfield services and equipment. That helped boost results at rivals Schlumberger and Halliburton last quarter and prompted those firms to offer an optimistic outlook for 2018.
In late January, U.S. crude futures touched a high of $66.66 per barrel, a level not seen since December of 2014.
Charges included some $934 million in asset impairments, $434 million in inventory writedown and a $230 million write-down on its Venezuelan receivables. (Reporting by Liz Hampton; Editing by David Gregorio)
BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China's top court has overturned a decade-old ruling that sent a major retail magnate to jail for bribery and fraud, a rare high-profile reversal that comes as other executives battle corruption charges.
Zhang Wenzhong, founder of major retailer Wumart, was innocent, the People's Supreme Court said in a statement on Thursday, quashing a guilty verdict for which he received an 18-year jail term ten years ago.
The decision demonstrates the ruling Communist Party's resolve to strengthen protection of property and entrepreneurs' lawful rights and interests, the court added on its microblog.
The reversal is one of the most notable in China, where conviction rates historically are close to 100 percent, and follows a lengthy appeals battle since Zhang was released early in 2013.
It comes amid a fierce crackdown on corruption and corporate bad behaviour under Chinese President Xi Jinping that toppled a string of key executives and government officials.
In one of the most high-profile of those, Wu Xiaohui, the former chairman of Chinese insurance giant Anbang Insurance Group Co, is appealing a conviction for fraud and embezzlement that brought him a sentence of 18 years in prison, his lawyers told Reuters on Thursday.
Also swept up in the crackdown on the corporate sector is the chairman of CEFC China Energy, a private firm that had been chasing a $9.1-billion stake in Russian oil major Rosneft.
In its statement, the supreme court said there was no evidence Zhang had appropriated funds for his own benefit, adding that earlier rulings had “made errors”.
It cleared Zhang of forging documents to swindle subsidies related to government bonds. A payment of 300,000 yuan ($46,864) to someone who helped Wumart in an acquisition was remuneration for services, rather than bribery, it added.
In 2008, a court in the northern province of Hebei sentenced Zhang to 18 years in prison, which was later reduced to 13 years. A higher-level Hebei court rejected an appeal in 2013 after Zhang's early release.
($1=6.4015 Chinese yuan renminbi)
ANKARA: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim will be visiting Iraq this week to discuss the fight against terrorism and the future of Iraq, the government's spokesman said on Monday.
"The Prime Minister will be travelling to Iraq on Thursday to start a new era with the Iraqi central government," Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus told a news conference.
"A new peace perspective in Iraq is just around the corner," Kurtulmus added. Yildirim's office said in a statement he would be visiting both Baghdad and Erbil.
Relations between largely Sunni Muslim Turkey and the Shi'ite-dominated central government in Iraq have been tense in the past, particularly over the presence of Turkish troops at the Bashiqa camp north of Mosul.
(Reporting by Ece Toksabay and Humeyra Pamuk; Editing by Nick Tattersall)
Today was unfortunately a sad day for the production of Deadpool 2 after a stunt driver tragically died on set. Hours after the incident, Ryan Reynolds and Josh Brolin took to social media to share their feelings as well as the feelings of the rest of the cast and crew, saying, "We're heartbroken, shocked, and devastated." The sequel is currently filming up in Vancouver, B.C. after originally starting in late June. Last week, we were able to see our first images of Zazie Beetz as Domino and Josh Brolin as Cable from the set and in addition, we were able to see some of their stunt doubles performing some action sequences, including a chase scene and a crazy flip from Cable on to a platform.
Authorities have yet to release the name of the female stunt performer, but it looks as if she was more than likely doubling for Zazie Beetz's Domino character. The accident occurred at the Jack Poole Plaza where the driver lost control of the motorcycle and crashed it into Shaw Tower. A few hours later, Ryan Reynolds posted a heartfelt note, expressing his greatest sympathies to the family and friends of the stunt driver. The message was posted on Ryan Reynolds' Twitter and says the following.
"Today, we tragically lost a member of the crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked, and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them - - along with each and every person that she touched in this world."
Josh Brolin also wrote a message and shared it via social media. Though the actor had never met the stuntwoman, he recognized the hole that she has left behind in her family and friends. The message was posted on Brolin's Instagram and reads.
"We are mourning the death of a beautiful woman who died tragically this morning on our set. I had never met her but I know that she was a friend, a sister, a daughter, and a mentor. Through those eyes affected so deeply and intimately by her, it is a darker day. And the heart breaks and will slowly mend together as time sews beautiful memories honoring her. My heart goes out to her family and those friends who are obviously devastated at this heartbreaking news. Our prayers and condolences."
Production of Deadpool 2 shut down immediately following the accident and there has been no announcement to when production will commence. Local law enforcement, the British Columbia Coroner's Service and WorkSafeBC are investigating to try and figure out what exactly happened on the set today. It has been reported that the stunt was performed 5 times, with the accident occurring on the 5th take. It is also being reported that the stuntwoman was not wearing a helmet at the time of the accident. Deadpool 2 producers 20th Century Fox also released a statement. You can read the statement below.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
The news comes after The Walking Dead stuntman, John Bernecker tragically died on set in Atlanta after miscalculating a jump. Bernecker fell more than 20 feet from a balcony to the floor and died from a serious head injury after missing his safety cushion by inches. More news is expected to come from the set of Deadpool 2 soon, but for now, production has been temporarily suspended.
The outlook for share prices may be somewhat uncertain at the present time. Stock markets across the globe have enjoyed a major bull run in the last few years which has been backed by improving global economic growth. Now though, there are various political risks such as Brexit, US uncertainty and the prospect of tighter monetary policy across the developed world. However, here are two investment trusts which appear to be well-managed and that could therefore offer high total returns in the long run. They could continue to deliver impressive investment performances for their investors.
We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.
Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what's really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It's designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)
The outlook for share prices may be somewhat uncertain at the present time. Stock markets across the globe have enjoyed a major bull run in the last few years which has been backed by improving global economic growth. Now though, there are various political risks such as Brexit, US uncertainty and the prospect of tighter monetary policy across the developed world.
However, here are two investment trusts which appear to be well-managed and that could therefore offer high total returns in the long run. They could continue to deliver impressive investment performances for their investors.
Strong performance
Reporting on Monday was The Scottish Investment Trust (LSE: SCIN). The company was able to deliver a mix of capital growth and income during the year to 31 October 2017. Its share price total return was 12.8%, while its net asset value per share increased by 11%. It was also able to deliver a dividend growth rate of 11.1% plus an additional special dividend of 5p. This could prove useful if inflation remains stubbornly high, although the company's dividend yield of 1.6% remains at just over half of the rate of inflation.
Looking ahead, the company appears to be relatively cheap. It trades at a discount of 8% to its net asset value. This suggests that there could be upside potential, while the company's holdings also seem to be undervalued themselves. This is at least partly because of the investment style adopted by the Trust. It focuses on investing in unfashionable companies which have generally been overlooked by most investors. This could provide a wide margin of safety that could translate into capital appreciation.
With a total of 54 holdings, the portfolio is now more concentrated than it was a year ago. Back then it had 70 holdings, and this suggests that there could be even less correlation between the Scottish Investment Trust and the wider stock market. Therefore, as well as relatively high returns, it could also be a means of diversifying away from the performance of the wider index.
Income potential
Also offering an upbeat outlook at the present time is the Murray Income Trust (LSE: MUT). It has a dividend yield of 4.6%, which is over 50% higher than the current rate of inflation. This should help its investors to overcome the threat of higher inflation, while a discount of 7% to its net asset value could mean that it offers a wide margin of safety. With stock markets being generally high, this could be appealing to a range of investors.
Among the Murray Income Trust's top 10 holdings are defensive shares such as GlaxoSmithKline and British American Tobacco. This suggests that the trust's outlook may be relatively stable. However, there are also growth opportunities through other top 10 holdings such as Prudential and Unilever. As such, it could be argued that the company offers a mix of defensive growth prospects. With its focus on UK equities, investors may continue to benefit from a weak pound in future.
Last year's surprise OPEC and non-OPEC oil production cuts were supposed to herald a new area of higher energy prices, but it hasn't really happened. Oil bulls who predicted oil could hit $60 or $70 a barrel will have been disappointed, with the price stalling around $55. If the price can't rise now, when will it rise? Or could it even crash?
Oil slip
Any further slippage would spell bad news for FTSE 100 giants BP (LSE: BP) and Royal Dutch Shell (LSE: RDSB). They are banking on a higher oil price to keep the cash flowing, and ensure their dividends are sustainable in the longer run.
BP needs oil prices to hit $60 a barrel just to break even. BP's dividend costs it more than £7bn a year and this will eventually become unsustainable if oil stays low, with a third now being paid in shares and debt. Latest results showed the company's year-end net debt climbing to $35.5bn, up from $27.2bn one year earlier, as it battles to fund the dividend, maintain spending and cope with the seemingly endless costs from 2010 Deepwater Horizon disaster. It cannot climb forever.
Roll back the barrel
BP and Shell have both been cutting headcount, squeezing suppliers, slashing capex and disposing of non-core assets in a bid to make their sums add up. Shell is ploughing on with its $30bn asset sale programme, which has helped trim its net debt from $77.8bn to $73.3bn. Before the BG Group takeover, it stood at $26.6bn.
Shell's recent full-year results showed a $4.3bn drop in profits, from $11.4bn in 2015 to $7.2bn. It paid $15bn of dividends in 2016, of which $5.3bn was paid in shares. Shell has previously suggested it could break even with crude in the mid-$50 range, roughly today's level. That looks tight to me, and will look even tighter if the oil price dips again.
Played out
The recent OPEC and non-OPEC oil price cuts appear to have been honestly implemented, surprising cynical observers, including myself. Yet oil bulls ignored the fact that there is still a glut of oil to work through, and it is rising rather than falling. The oil price was hit by last week's figures from American Petroleum Institute, which showed a 14.2m barrel build in its inventory last week, against expectations of a 2.5m build.
Rising shale supply is also offsetting the production cuts: figures from Baker Hughes show the US rig count is up 200 in the last year to 741, plus a rise from 130 to 352 in Canada. Wall Street is pouring money into oil yet investors are banking on the price continuing to rise, holding a record number of long positions.
Investing in BP and Shell today is effectively taking a long position on the oil price. That strategy worked a year ago, with BP up 38% and Shell up 49% since then, while their yields remain strong at 6.65% and 6.28% respectively. They were a good bet a year ago. A risky one today.
We love a dividend at the Motley Fool, but what we REALLY love is a rising dividend. Our crack team of analysts reckons they have found a top dividend stock with great prospects, which they name in our BRAND-NEW report A Top Income Share from The Motley Fool. While many leading UK companies are slashing their dividends, this FTSE 250 star has been increasing its payout at astonishing speed. Our analysts are so impressed by this company's ambitious growth plans they are happy to call it one of the best income stocks on the market today. Click here to enjoy this FREE, no-obligation wealth report. It will be yours in moments and won't cost you a penny.
KINSHASA: Bournemouth striker Benik Afobe has pulled out of the African Nations Cup finals to stay with his Premier League team despite recently switching his allegiance from England to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Congolese football federation (Fecofa) on Monday confirmed Afobe's withdrawal from a 31-man preliminary squad, who have gathered in Yaounde, Cameroon for pre-tournament preparations.
"Afobe has forfeited from the tournament," said media officer Gerard-Desire Angengwa without offering any reason. British media reported that Afobe had told the Congolese coach Florent Ibenge he wished to consolidate his place in the Bournemouth starting line-up after scoring against Swansea City in a 3-0 away win on Saturday. "The manager showed faith in me by starting me and I wanted to repay him with a goal, so I'm happy," the 23-year-old told his club's website (www.afcb.co.uk) after the victory on New Year's eve.
"The goal was a great relief and a goal at a crucial time. The lads have been helping me a lot and I want to improve personally."
Afobe now has two goals in his last three starts for the Cherries but could be banned from playing for his club for the duration of the three-week tournament, which starts on Jan. 14, if the Congolese federation take up the issue with FIFA. Afobe's decision comes less than two months after receiving FIFA's permission belatedly to switch his international allegiance after previously playing for England at the under-21 level.
He was supposed to debut for the Congolese in November's World Cup qualifier at Guinea but was stymied when the Football Association sent his paperwork for the switch of nationality to the wrong federation, embarrassingly mixing up DR Congo with neighbouring Congo-Brazzaville. Afobe had been left frustrated after flying all the way to Africa to find he was not eligible to play, permission coming too late after the mix-up in London was discovered. DR Congo have a tough group at the tournament in Gabon, competing with holders Ivory Coast, Morocco and Togo in Group C. Their opening game is against Morocco in Oyem on Jan. 16.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
Need to promote Islamic Banking highlighted
LAHORE (APP): There is a need to promote Islamic banking in the society to avail benefits of Riba free economy, said Allama Umer Farooq Qudoosi on Sunday. He said that Islam has guided the humanity in each and every aspect of life and have laid down the general principles which could act as a guideline for the upcoming situations in any sphere of life. He said that Interest or "Riba" is not allowed in Islam on any transaction and it is strongly condemned which is followed by serious consequences in the life and hereafter. "In order to be in the manners prescribed in Islam, this feature should not be the part of any financial transaction that has long been in prevalence in our society in different forms and shapes", he said. He said that Islamic banking is a concept that is based on Sharia'ah principles and the structure is different from conventional banking in essence, nature and spirit.
He said the interest based transactions helps the wealth to be accumulated in fewer hands in the society and the businesses or entrepreneurs are victimised. This creates imbalance in the society by which the rich grows rich and the poor falls down the line, the situation may lead to chaos, he said. Through Islamic banking one can meet financial need and requirements of the entrepreneurs, he added.
Govt releases Rs42b for Motorways, Highways projects
ISLAMABAD (APP): The federal government has released over Rs42 billion for different motorways and highways projects under Public Sector Development Programme during first six months of current financial year. According to Radio Pakistan, these projects are being executed by National Highways Authority (NHA). According to Planning Commission, over Rs13 billion have been released for 229 kilometers long Lahore-Abdul Hakeem section of Lahore-Karachi motorway. The motorway is an important part of China Pakistan Economic Corridor. About Rs6 billion have been released for construction of Burhan-Halka DI Khan motorway, which is also part of CPEC. Moreover, Rs 4 billion were released for land acquisition and construction of Sialkot-Lahore motorway during this period. Similarly, Rs2.8 billion have been released for widening and improvement of 459 kilometers N-85 Hoshab-Nag-Basima-Surab road.
During this period, Rs3 billion were released for Lowari Tunnel and access roads.
ICST asks govt to enhance edible oil production
ISLAMABAD (INP): Islamabad Chamber of Small Traders (ICST) on Sunday asked the government to take steps to enhance production of edible oil in the country to improve its usage and save oil import bill. Growers should be insulated from victimisation of middlemen and industrialists, while production of quality product should be ensured, said Islamabad Chamber of Small Traders Patron Shahid Rasheed Butt. In a statement issued here on Sunday, he said that growers of oil seed are on the mercy of middlemen and industrial sector which has resulted in lack of interest in growers which is not in the national interest. Shahid said that the government should announce incentives for growers to gradually become self-sufficient in edible oil production that will help country save over $2 billion annually. Pakistan for self-sustaining in edible oil production for thirteen years but exploitation of farmers resulted in imports which continue to grow to become threat for foreign exchange reserves, he said.
PEW suggests power generation through solar, wind
ISLAMABAD (INP): The Pakistan Economy Watch (PEW) on Sunday said the country have matchless potential to produce electricity with the help of solar and wind but it is not getting due attention. The world has entered in the golden era of gas therefore the share of gas in the energy mix should be enhanced, said PEW President Dr Murtaza Mughal. He said that the government should take steps to keep at least 20 percent difference in the prices of petrol and CNG, while all the projects to generate electricity from gas should be completed on a fast track. Dr Murtaza said, “We highly value the efforts and vision of Minister for Petroleum Shahid Khaqan Abbasi who has been working hard to tame energy crisis.” He said that cost of producing electricity through gas is six cents per unit, while hydel power costs three times, which is eighteen cents per unit. Moreover, hydel projects take a lot of time and it costs $4.5 million per megawatt.
“The government should not ignore the potential of renewable energy as we can generate 50,000MW of electricity by harnessing wind power, while the potential of solar power is matchless, he added.
U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday he now had authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan and would deliver a revised strategy for the conflict there to the White House in the coming weeks.
WASHINGTON: U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Wednesday he now had authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan and would deliver a revised strategy for the conflict there to the White House in the coming weeks.
In testimony before the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, Mattis said President Donald Trump had given him the authority to set troop levels in Afghanistan at noon on Tuesday. Reuters reported the move on Tuesday.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Phil Stewart; Editing by Paul Simao)
Stony Plain will hold a second public hearing over proposed Cannabis legislation after making changes to the Town's proposed land-use bylaw following the first public hearing on May 28.
During the May 28 public hearing and regular council meeting, Town council debated the best practices for regulating the sale and use of Cannabis within Stony Plain. A land-use bylaw amendment was constructed from the results of a community survey in circulation from April 9 to May 18, as well as the suggestions from the Alberta Gaming and Liquor Commission (AGLC). A total of 1,083 residents and business owners responded to the survey, which honed its sights on the best practices for cannabis retail stores and home cultivation of cannabis.
Results from the survey showed that 56 per cent of respondents supported the legalization of cannabis and that 59 per cent thought that the Town should prohibit cannabis retailers from operating within 100-metres of child-firendly locations such as daycares, playgrounds, public parks and sports fields. Results also showed 53 per cent of respondents said they were unlikely to grow cannabis in their home.
Paul Hanlan, General Manager of Planning and Infrastructure with the Town, said that It's important to have public input when dealing with controversial issues such as this.
“Public participation is important whenever we're creating or amending bylaws surrounding a potentially controversial subject,” he said. “The purpose of the proposed land-use bylaw amendments and cannabis survery was to assess how the residents and business owners of Stony Plain felt about the subject and to confirm whether or not additional adjustments to the proposed bylaw were needed after First Reading. We're pleased to see most stakeholders are in agreement with the proposed bylaw amendments.”
During the public hearing, a number of residents spoke publicly on the matter, with many speaking out about the 100-metre buffer zones which could potentially be increased to 200-metres, effectively shutting out a large area of Stony Plain's downtown which would then be off limits for retailers.
No one spoke in opposition of the proposed legislation.
After the public hearing, council debated the feedback they had received and ultimately made a number of changes to the proposed bylaw including an amendment they would require a 200-metre distance between approved cannabis retail stores, and an increase in distance from schools and health facilities from 100 metres to 200 metres.
Council also passed a motion to reinstitute a business-license fee bylaw for retailers of cannabis and those wishing to produce cannabis commercially.
Because of those changes, the Town will be holding another public hearing on June 25 at 6 p.m.
Montblanc's TWIN Smart Strap is an Interesting Surprise
Blending the analog and digital worlds of watchmaking in a surprising fashion, the Montblanc TWIN Smart Strap is an innovative accessory, designed to be attached to most timepieces out there and to upgrade their features. This strap is an elegant solution that could transform any mechanical timepiece into a connected device that's able to receive notifications, track your health and even help you pay for your groceries.
The Montblanc TWIN Smart Strap contains two modules – a smart one, with a curved display, as well as a specially designed strap. The elegant protective glass reveals a curved monochrome OLED display, with Bluetooth and NFC features that will be protected by IP68 water resistant capabilities.
Made of a high-quality rubber composite, the Montblanc TWIN Smart Strap comes with Montblanc Pay, a special mobile payment platform designed to help you with contactless payments. Having your favorite mechanical timepiece acting as a digital wallet might be the thing you've always wanted, but didn't know it until today. The future is here, and it looks incredible!
Scheduled to released on the market this August, the strap starts off at $456 – not as much as we were expecting or as much as it deserves. By the way, Montblanc Pay allows to digitalize up to five credit cards into the dedicated app. The difficult choice will be to order just one of these straps.
Superstar slugger Giancarlo Stanton celebrated his move to the New York Yankees with rapper 2 Chainz and a magnum of champagne in Miami on Saturday night.
After the Yankees agreed to a blockbuster trade with the Miami Marlins on Saturday night, reigning National League MVP Stanton will join a powerful Yankees lineup led by American League Rookie of the Year Aaron Judge.
The man said to be the most fearsome power hitter in baseball partied late Saturday and into the early hours of Sunday at hot Miami club Rockwell, which had teamed up with New York club 1Oak for three nights of Art Basel parties.
A witness told us, “2 Chainz, who was hosting the Saturday night party at Rockwell, gave everyone a reason to celebrate when the rapper pulled Stanton onstage in the middle of his performance to gift him a magnum bottle of Ace of Spades.” A bottle of the Jay-Z-owned, Armand de Brignac champagne costs $2,500 at the club.
The witness continued, “2 Chainz stopped the track and told everyone to take a picture [of him and Giancarlo], explaining that this was Stanton's first moment as a Yankee and that the photo was going to be worth big money after the Yankees win the World Series.
“Those lucky enough to get inside the packed nightclub cheered for Stanton, and 2 Chainz asked him to stay onstage for the rest of his performance. Cheers of ‘Let's go, Yankees!' could even be heard around the room above the loud hip-hop music.”
Stanton has been a fixture at Rockwell during Miami Art Week, and was also at the club on Thursday night for a performance by Rick Ross, who invited the former Miami Marlins star to his table, and then performed while standing next to Stanton.
A source who was there on that night explained, “Ross shouted Stanton out multiple times during his performance and referenced him as Miami's MVP. Well, not anymore.”
Meanwhile, a club insider added of Stanton, “He isn't a big drinker. He likes the music at Rockwell and goes out with his friends during the off-season. Stanton is actually very down-to-earth cool — a sweetheart of a guy. New York is going to love him.”
SINGAPORE: A club at St James Power Station had its public entertainment licence suspended last Friday (Dec 8) after preliminary investigations by the police found that a vice syndicate was offering sexual services there.
Channel NewsAsia understands that the club is Rupee @ St James - Bollywood Gentlemen's Club.
It is the first club to have its public entertainment licence suspended under the Public Entertainments Act, which was passed in May to give police greater powers to deal with illicit activities.
In a news release on Monday, the police said nine women and two men between the ages of 21 and 54 were arrested for their suspected involvement in vice-related activities at the club after a police operation on Dec 4.
Police said preliminary investigations showed that the vice syndicate had been using the club to operate and provide sexual services to their clients.
Clients booked the services of the women, who are work pass holders, via the management of the club for between S$500 to S$1,000, police said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Investigations are ongoing.
When Channel NewsAsia contacted Rupee club, a man who said he was the owner of the club said its management was not aware of the alleged vice activities and had nothing to do with the booking of such services.
"We do not condone or allow such immoral activity to go on. As far as investigations are ongoing, all we know there may have been one or two staff members who may have engaged in such activities outside of the club working hours and on their own accord without any instructions from the management," said the man who identified himself only as Mr Singh.
He added that if sexual services were part of the club's business model, it would not be hiring performing artists to dance.
"It is very common in Bollywood club culture for customers to make payment of between S$100 to S$2,000 in exchange for small denominations of S$10 notes which are given to entertainers as dance tips," he said.
A post on the club's Facebook page said it is closed for upgrading until Dec 31.
Mr Singh said that the club's licence has been suspended indefinitely while investigations are ongoing, but added that he still expects it to reopen by Dec 31.
"We would like to take this opportunity at the same time to do some upgrading and pest control works," he told Channel NewsAsia.
Under the Women's Charter, anyone who knowingly lives wholly or in part on the earnings of the prostitution of another person may be jailed up to five years and fined up to S$10,000.
Under the Public Entertainments Act, a licence may also be suspended or cancelled if the licensee is no longer a fit and proper person to hold such a licence.
Maryam Nazir
GIVEN the constantly evolving security dynamics globally and regionally, the threat spectrum continues to grow with every passing day. The nature of threat has transformed from traditional to advanced non-conventional and strategic levels. The sphere of traditional security is quite precise and ardently guarded while no such accord or specific definition exists as to what is non-traditional security and part of its sphere.
In the similar regard, the new battlefield of cyberspace involves instruments and tactics more detrimental to national interests than traditional warfare posing a huge threat across the globe. Primarily, cyberspace has become a critical area of concern for its virtual and undetectable nature as it follows no geographical boundaries or limitations. However, the concept of cybersecurity and its mechanisms to regulate the cyberspace have become an important feature of national security these days as government; military, corporate, financial, and medical organizations collect, process, and store unprecedented amount of data on computers and other devices.
It is predicted that global annual cybercrime costs will grow from $3 trillion in 2015 to $6 trillion annually by 2021. However, reports suggest that the world-wide cybersecurity market have already topped with $75 billion spendings in the year 2015. And it is further estimated that these security spendings will soar upto $101 billion in 2018, and hit $170 billion by 2020. The developed economies including the US, European countries, Austrialia and even the countries in the Middle East, Gulf and Pacific regions have been allocating bigger chunks of the economies to ensure continuous upgradation of their cybersecurity system. Moreover, these countries have legislated conventions and directives to ensure cybersecurity such as the Budapest Convention on Cybercrime, Network and Information Security (NIS) Directive and EU General Data Protection Regulation. But the challenge remains to be the vastness of cyberspace, its issues of ownership and identification of threat and its origin.
In the very specific case of Pakistan, the efforts for a unified cybersecurity policy or strategy are underway. However, there are certain impeding factors halting the overall process such as level of awareness and knowledge regarding malicious happenings in cyberspace, lack of cyber-readiness and proportion of national spendings in the field. Moreover, there is a dire need to consider the concerns related to cyberspace outside the domestic structure and subject of strategic and global importance. On cyber laws, the scope needs to be extended beyond recognition of electronic documents and communications; electronic forgery or fraud, website and digital signatures certificate providers, unauthorized access to code, crimes such as defamation and hate speech to suggesting jurisdictions and offences, rather it must cater the growing threat of cyber crimes and terrorism.
Pakistan has a long way ahead in this field when it comes to formulation and implementation of a cybersecurity strategy and relevant infrastructure. Another important aspect in the subsequent implementation of cybersecurity policy is the realization of the fact that it is to be kept updated continuously due to the constantly evolving nature of cyberspace.
In way to formulate a consolidated cybersecurity strategy, Pakistan must first consider cybersecurity as very integral part of national security. It must further be based on the very principle of proportionality while taking into account the existing and potential risks and resources. Cybersecurity must be ensured in a coordinated manner through cooperation between the public, private and other sectors, taking into account the inter-connectedness and interdependence of existing infrastructure and services in cyberspace.
Moreover, to achieve the status of Cyber Readiness, Pakistan needs to address areas such as state's cybersecurity strategic plan and incident response to counter the threat on immediate basis, and the law enforcement concerning e-crimes, information sharing on national and regional level alongside greater investment in cyber Research & Development, education, and capacity building. On regional level, Pakistan must need to come out of a dormant phase, with a need to upgrade its cybersecurity mechanisms on immediate basis alongside keeping a check on unrestricted hactivism such as that of between various cyber groups of Pakistan and India.
Pakistan needs to focus on the development of a national as well as an international cybersecurity strategy. Pakistan must establish its foothold in cyberspace and formulate its state policy, before the world further enhances its capabilities in this field.
— The writer is Assistant Research Officer, Islamabad Policy Research Institute, a think-tank based in Islamabad.
Email:maryamnazir1991@gmail.com
The Apple Watch can't roam. But if you have the right hardware and are willing to pay, you can set it up in a different country with little difficulty.
I've been back and forth between the Boston and Montréal metro areas recently for work and roller derby, which has given me a whole new appreciation to the difficulties of phone roaming and carrier fees. Now, I currently have a great plan from AT&T that lets me use my domestic data at no additional cost while roaming, but my Series 3 Apple Watch isn't quite so lucky: When I cross the border, its cellular antenna turns off, rendering my watch LTE-less until I return.
This is because the Apple Watch can't currently roam on foreign networks. There are several credible theories as to why — like poor battery life performance, and the fact that each watch model has an incredibly limited number of LTE bands so you would only be able to roam in some countries and not others — but the fact remains: Your Apple Watch works with your iPhone, in your home country. Period.
... Well, that sounds like a challenge.
A primer for using your Apple Watch in a foreign country
As I mentioned, the Apple Watch has a limited number of LTE bands in comparison to the iPhone: Whereas your U.S.-based smartphone can jump onto a different LTE band to roam on a U.K. network when visiting Europe, the U.S. version of the Apple Watch Series 3 doesn't have space for those bands — and as a result, couldn't connect to that network even if roaming were supported.
But if you're traveling to a country that does use bands built for your region's Apple Watch (like moving from the U.S. to Canada), it can theoretically communicate with those networks — Apple's just chosen not to provide roaming support.
So how can you convince your Apple Watch to connect to those preinstalled LTE bands? Simply put, you have to buy a cellular plan for your iPhone on a compatible carrier in that country. What kind of plan depends on the country you visit — right now, most carriers are only offering the watch as a post-paid device. (If you have to sign up for a post-paid device, you may also need a local mailing address on your account — you can try your hotel, a friend's house, or worst-case a local fast food chain.)
To test this theory — and, let's be honest, get my Apple Watch back up and running in Canada — we set my iPhone up as a second device on iMore editor-at-large Rene Ritchie's existing Bell plan, and authorized it for a wearable plan, too. In theory, all I needed to do was swap SIM cards, turn off my AT&T plan in the Watch app, and start using my watch.
Reality, of course, had other plans.
When I first popped my new Bell SIM into my iPhone 8 Plus, I was able to get online immediately, thanks to Rene setting up the account in advance. But when I went to the Watch app's Cellular section, I was less lucky.
So we packed up and paid a visit to Rene's local Bell store, where he chatted with the salesperson and I gazed in horror at the size of the Gear S3.
Verdict: "Nothing you can do on our end. Go ask Apple."
A visit to the Apple Store didn't initially yield success, though a smart comment from one of the specialists led me to force a carrier software update by resetting my network settings; after running the update, the Watch app immediately offered me the option for setting up the device.
Once I pressed a few buttons and confirmed my emergency address, we were ready to go: I toggled my iPhone 8 Plus into Airplane mode and put the Seriess 3 GPS + Cellular model to work.
How to use your Apple Watch in a foreign country
Before following these steps, I highly encourage you to consider the following three factors:
Did you check Apple's website to make sure your Apple Watch model can work in the foreign country you want to visit?
Apple's website to make sure your Apple Watch model can work in the foreign country you want to visit? Can you pay for a phone and watch plan in the foreign country that doesn't cost an arm and a leg? (For reference, getting added to Rene's plan cost $60/month; a brand new Apple-Watch-supported Bell plan runs more like $100.)
for a phone and watch plan in the foreign country that doesn't cost an arm and a leg? (For reference, getting added to Rene's plan cost $60/month; a brand new Apple-Watch-supported Bell plan runs more like $100.) How long do you need to have this plan? Can you disable it when you leave?
If the answer to all three of these questions is "yes", proceed.
Open the Watch app from your home screen. Tap on the My Watch tab. Select the Cellular option Tap the Info button. Tap Remove [carrier] Plan to untie your Apple Watch's eSIM from your current terrestrial wireless provider. Keep in mind: This won't cancel your plan; you'll have to go to your carrier directly if you'd like to do that. It's the equivalent of taking out a SIM card to add a new one. Set up an Apple Watch-compatible wireless plan with your foreign carrier. (You may need an address in that country to do so.) Get a nano-SIM card from the new carrier. Switch the SIM cards in your iPhone between your current carrier and your new foreign carrier. Confirm that you can access the internet with your new SIM card. Open the Watch app. Tap on the My Watch tab. Select the Cellular option. Tap Set Up Cellular to set up a watch plan with your foreign carrier. Note: If this setting is greyed out, you may need to update your carrier settings: You can do so by forcing a network reset on your iPhone: Settings > General > Reset > Reset Network Settings.
Bottom line: This is a great tip for snowbirds and other dual-country enthusiasts, but if you're only visiting a country for a few days this is currently more hassle than it's worth. There's also the inconvenience of having a different number when on your foreign SIM: While I've gotten around this by having iMessage and FaceTime identify as my email address, it's still a pain if you want to place non-FaceTime Audio phone calls.
This may change as additional carriers offer support for the watch and expand their plan types (i.e. offering watch support with pay-as-you-go plans), but until they do, I'm reticent to recommend this option to someone unless they can afford the time and monthly cost.
Questions?
Let me know below.
REUTERS: Popular video streaming service Netflix Inc added fewer subscribers than analysts' had estimated, both internationally and in the United States, in the first quarter, sending its shares down about 3 percent after the bell on Monday.
Netflix, whose original shows include the award-winning British drama "The Crown" and "A Series of Unfortunate Events", added 3.53 million subscribers outside the United States in the quarter ended March 31. (http://bit.ly/2puJ1Yt)
Analysts on average had estimated 3.68 million additions, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount.
In the United States, the company added 1.42 million subscribers, compared with analysts' average estimate of 1.50 million.
The Los Gatos, California-based company said revenue rose 34.7 percent to US$2.64 billion in the quarter.
Net income rose to US$178 million, or 40 cents per share, from US$28 million, or 6 cents per share.
Netflix, said it expects to add 600,000 subscribers in the United States in the current quarter, above the FactSet estimate of 364,000.
In international markets, Netflix expects to add 2.60 million subscribers, above the average estimate of 2.09 million.
Up to Monday's close, Netflix's stock had risen nearly 19 percent in 2017, outperforming the roughly 5 percent gain in the broader S&P 500 index .
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Mark Ronson has shared his delight at working with his "favourite rock band of all time" as he teamed up with Queens Of The Stone Age to produce their upcoming album.
The producer and DJ, who has worked with the likes of Adele, Amy Winehouse and Bruno Mars, announced the news on Instagram as the band shared a trailer for the highly anticipated record.
Ronson wrote: "For half a year, I've had to keep my mouth shut about producing the new album by my favourite rock band of all time. Cats out the bag."
The band revealed the album's name, Ronson's involvement and teased new track Feet Don't Fail Me in a trailer posted on their website.
The clip sees lead singer Josh Homme taking a polygraph test and features a DJ-ing Ronson. It ends with them labelling the record, titled Villains, "honestly, the best album ever".
Fans of the band and Ronson were intrigued by the collaboration.
Kerry Jean Lister posted on Twitter: "Just reading that Mark Ronson has produced the new QOTSA album. Should be an interesting mix?!"
Julie Dodge wrote: "Just when I didn't think I could be any more excited about a new QOTSA album...Mark Ronson. This will be the greatest album of all time."
Rob Burden posted: " I love QOTSA and I shouldn't be skeptical that Mark Ronson is producing their new album, but a small part of me is skeptical."
Bergmama said: "I'm actually nervous about this upcoming @qotsa album. Josh is a genius but Mark Ronson and not Chris Goss? Eek."
NEW DELHI: A leopard on the loose inside India's largest car factory was caught and tranquilised Friday (Oct 6) after sparking a frantic 36-hour search by 200 police and wildlife officials.
The big cat was spotted on Thursday on CCTV by guards at Maruti Suzuki's manufacturing plant in the town of Manesar, just 24 miles (about 38km) from the capital New Delhi.
After workers were evacuated from the plant, which churns out nearly a million vehicles a year, police kicked off an hours-long operation to catch the animal, even using live goats and raw meat to lure it out of hiding. But the leopard was unmoved and remained out of sight until it returned to the same location where it was first spotted.
Paw prints spotted in the Indian manufacturing factory. (Photo: Handout)
"The wildlife team was successful in tranquilising the leopard late afternoon," said Ashok Bakshi, the police deputy commissioner of Manesar.
"The animal has been removed from the factory and after medical examination will be released in the wild," he told AFP. "No one was injured in the operation and area has been declared safe."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Deadly conflict between humans and animals has increased in recent years in India largely due to shrinking forest habitats and urban expansion.
India's environment ministry said in August that 1,144 people were killed between April 2014 and May 2017 by wild animals - an average of more than one a day.
There are an estimated 12,000 to 14,000 leopards in India, which are frequently killed when they stray into villages. Officials say one is killed on average every day.
In January a leopard was beaten to death by a mob outside Gurgaon, a satellite city outside Delhi, after it attacked and injured eight people.
Last year a leopard injured three children after wandering into a school in Bangalore in India's south. Local schools went into lockdown for days until the leopard was located and tranquilised.
OTTAWA—The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap-and-trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework — and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result. A spokesperson for Environment Minister Catherine McKenna says the $420 million earmarked for Ontario under the Low Carbon Economy Leadership Fund is under review, since funding is contingent on agreeing to the framework, which includes imposing a carbon price.
Minister of Environment and Climate Change Catherine McKenna speaks at a press conference after a meeting with provincial and territorial environment ministers in Ottawa on Thursday. The federal government sees Ontario's cancellation of its cap and trade program as equivalent to withdrawing from the national climate change framework and is reconsidering more than $400 million in funding as a result. ( PATRICK DOYLE / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
Newly elected Ontario Premier Doug Ford has rescinded the previous Liberal government's regulation that established the cap and trade program in 2017. That has prompted Canada to immediately hit the brakes on Ontario's portion of the $1.4-billion climate change fund. In April, McKenna and former Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne signed a plan to provide $100 million to the Green Ontario Fund, which offered rebates to homeowners, business owners and farmers who make energy efficient upgrades to buildings and equipment.
Article Continued Below
Read more about:
Oct 6, 2017 This week's theme
Words that sound taboo, but aren't
This week's words
cocksure
pudency
menstruum
titter
cunctative
Photo: Tom Woodward Words that sound taboo, but aren't A.Word.A.Day with Anu Garg
cunctative PRONUNCIATION: (KUNGK-tuh-tiv)
MEANING: adjective: Delaying; slow.
ETYMOLOGY: From Latin cunctari (to hesitate, delay). Earliest documented use: 1617.
USAGE: “The cunctative method would be employed to divert any kind of hearing.”
Bruce Zortman; Murder Cum Laude; Eloquent Books; 2010.
A THOUGHT FOR TODAY: It's good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven't lost the things that money can't buy. -George H. Lorimer, editor (6 Oct 1867-1937)
A.Word.A.Day by email:
Subscribe
"The most welcomed, most enduring piece of daily mass e-mail in cyberspace."
Sorry, casual Friday. After years of it being acceptable to show up to the office in jeans and a T-shirt, the dress-for-success ethos is finding favor again this fall.
And several Los Angeles-base stylists couldn't be more excited.
“We've had a lack of fashion [in the workplace] for years,” said stylist Heathyr Wolfe, adding that the low-maintenance professional attire of Mark Zuckerberg and billionaire or multimillionaire chief executives has made it almost a standard to show up wearing just about anything.
“People want to be taken seriously in something besides just a boring suit, polo shirt or shapeless outfit,” she said.
Laurie Graham King, a Los Angeles stylist and wardrobe consultant, said she knew the tide was turning when she started getting calls from clients saying they had been chastised for being “too sloppy” at work.
“Companies expect you to represent their brand in a positive manner,” she said. “And how you dress is a big part of putting your best foot forward at work. I advise my younger clients who are just starting their first job to dress for the position they want. If you dress like a college student, no one will take you seriously.”
Brands are offering up career-dressing collections that are fresh and modern, predicated on a tailored structured piece and building creatively around that.
“There are so many new [jacket] shapes with sleeve detail that still feel professional,” said Debra Perlman, president of New York-based brand Tahari ASL.
A jacket with a bell sleeve or embroidery detail paired with a slender pant will look more interesting than a conventional trouser suit. Other pieces that Perlman suggests seeking out are pencil skirts, bouclé jackets, shift dresses with statement sleeves and fit-and-flare dress; both dress styles can work with the jacket. Accessories should include a bag that is spacious, but not slouchy, and a shoe that offers a little stature while the wearer is on her feet all day.
Now, here are some ideas to jazz up your too-casual work look.
Cole Haan
A block heel loafer from Cole Haan comes in ocelot hair calf, tapping into fall's trend in animal prints. Cole Haan
Animal prints are a perennial fall favorite. Cole Haan is on top of the trend with this block heel loafer in ocelot-print hair calf. $440, www.colehaan.com
Wunder2
Wunder2's Selfie HD Photo Finishing Powder was created to be used in harsh fluorescent lighting, casting a natural and translucent glow on the skin. Wunder2
Taking a selfie at your desk? Not before an application of Wunder2's Perfect Selfie HD Photo Finishing Powder, which presents a refined complexion in the harsh glare of fluorescent lighting. Applied with a large Kabuki brush (not included) over makeup, it sets foundation, eliminates shine and keeps the face looking fresh all day. $22, www.wunder2.com and amazon.com
Abeo
Footwear brand Abeo is known for its fashion-forward-yet-comfortable shoes. The Virtue is in burgundy, considered one of fall's most dominant colors, and features on-trend lace-up details. The Walking Co.
The Virtue shoe from Abeo encompasses three of fall's most important trends: It's in suede, comes in burgundy and features lace-up details. The brand is known for its comfort-forward footwear, so these won't pinch after a long day at the office. $159.95 from the Walking Co. stores at the Glendale Galleria, Sherman Oaks Fashion Square and other locations and at thewalkingcompany.com
Luba by Hannah Payne
A modern take on tweed, this zipper front wool dress in beige is shot with gold threadwork. The Shimmer dress comes from New York brand Luba by Hannah Payne. Luba by Hannah Payne
The Shimmer dress from New York-based Luba by Hannah Payne is a youthful take on tweed; this beige zipper-front wool dress is scantily shot with golden threadwork for a bit of textural interest. $298, shopluba.com
Tahari ASL
Tahari ASL black blazer with olive blouse with neck ruffle detail. Tahari ASL
Embroidery detail and the three-quarter sleeves on this jacket from Tahari ASL make it anything but a basic black blazer. The piece can work with pants, a skirt or over a black shift dress. Also shown is an olive blouse with neck ruffle detail from Tahari ASL. Jacket, $149, and blouse, $56, tahariasl.com
David Lerner New York
A stretch pencil skirt from David Lerner New York provides fit without feeling restrictive and will look modern with a pussy-bow blouse or neat cropped jacket. David Lerner New York
The pencil skirt is reinvented by David Lerner New York with this stretch tube skirt made from a nylon/spandex blend that fits the body while not feeling restrictive. Sizes from extra small to large. $105, davidlernerny.com
Naked Cashmere
Freezing in the office? This cashmere shrug from Naked Cashmere goes with everything, from tailored pants to pencil skirts to shift dresses. Naked Cashmere
Be prepared for the inevitable office air conditioning with the Camelia, a snug yet sophisticated cropped cardigan from Santa Monica-based Naked Cashmere. The 100% cashmere open-front piece is lightweight enough for layering and comes in several neutral colors such as camel, black and gray. $150, nakedcashmere.com.
Rebecca Minkoff
Bundle up in this dark purple Ferry belted trench from Rebecca Minkoff. Rebecca Minkoff
Arrive at work on a cool day in this Rebecca Minkoff trench-style Ferry coat in purple with a plush velvet feel, $340 at select Nordstrom stores and nordstrom.com.
Elaine Kim
A silk charmuse dress with a slim leather belt from Los Angeles designer Elaine Kim comes in rose, navy and marbled gray. Elaine Kim
From Los Angeles designer Elaine Kim, who has a store on 3rd Street close to the Beverly Connection, is this Okara dress in silk charmeuse with an attached leather belt. In addition to white, the dress comes in rose, navy and marbled gray. $525, available at Elaine Kim, 8373 W. 3rd St., Los Angeles.
Coach
This bag comes in three colors: Selena Red, Selena Black Cherry and Selena White. Those were the shades anointed by actress-singer Selena Gomez for her limited-edition Coach x Selena Gomez collaboration launched for fall. Coach
Last month saw the launch of the limited-edition Coach x Selena Gomez collaboration, which includes this leather-and-suede Selena Grace carryall. The actress-singer includes a message with each bag, “To be you is to be strong.” This design comes in Selena Red, Selena Black Cherry and Selena White — so there's no chance of forgetting whose bag you're carrying. $395, coach.com
Via Saviene
Modern jewelry from local brand Via Saviene will update any wardrobe staple; consider this two-tone cuff made of 14-karat gold and hematite plating with a sprinkling of Swarovski crystals. Via Saviene
Don't forget to accessorize. Los Angeles brand Via Saviene's modern jewelry pieces work well with upwardly mobile dressing. From the Colette collection is this two-tone cuff made from 14-karat gold and hematite plating with Swarovski crystals. The open hinge style works with all wrist sizes. $275, viasaviene.com
Support our journalism Please consider subscribing today to support stories like this one. Already a subscriber? Your support makes our work possible. Thank you. Get full access to our signature journalism for just 99 cents for the first four weeks.
Fashion Videos
ALSO
Looking for an Instagram moment? Miu Miu pops up its oversized handbags at South Coast Plaza
Paris Fashion Week: Spring trends include black and white and a whole lot of light(ness)
Schott NYC continues to make celebrity cool leather jackets as well as ones for SoCal temperatures
SINGAPORE: A 45-year-old German businessman was charged on Wednesday (Feb 15) for allegedly organising tours overseas involving sex with minors.
Michael Frank Hartung faces six charges – two for promoting sex tours, two for the possession of 245 obscene films and two for the possession of eight uncensored films.
Hartung, a Singapore permanent resident, allegedly met two Singaporean men in September 2015 at Starbucks in Raffles City Shopping Centre to promote the sex tours.
In April last year, he met another two Singapore permanent residents at a bar along Mackenzie Road to promote similar tours, court documents showed.
He was arrested after investigators seized obscene and uncensored films from his home at Simei Green condominium last August.
Hartung's lawyer said his client plans to contest the charges.
Hartung is on S$15,000 bail, furnished by his wife, who is also a permanent resident. He will next appear in court on Feb 28.
If convicted of promoting commercial sex tours involving minors, the German could be jailed up to 10 years and fined.
FREETOWN: A mudslide killed more than 200 people on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown on Monday, sweeping away homes and leaving residents desperate for news of missing family members.
The Red Cross said at least 205 bodies had been taken to the central morgue in Freetown. Police and military personnel were at the scene in the mountain town of Regent searching for people trapped in the debris.
Many people living at the foot of Mount Sugar Loaf were asleep when the mountainside collapsed, burying dozens of houses, including two-storey buildings, witnesses said.
Standing in the rain, residents sobbed as they mourned family members and waited for news of those missing. Adama Kamara wept as she described a failed attempt to rescue her 7-week-old child.
"We were inside when we heard the mudslide approaching. I attempted to grab my baby but the mud was too fast. She was covered alive," said Kamara, who escaped with bruises. She said she was not sure what had happened to her husband.
A man said he had left early in the morning to buy bread. When he returned, his wife, children, siblings and in-laws were all dead.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are recovered, Red Cross spokesman Abu Bakarr Tarawallie said.
Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters at the scene: "It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble." He said a number of illegal buildings had been erected in the area.
"The disaster is so serious that I myself feel broken," he said. "We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
An excavator ploughed away at the mountainside and ambulances rushed back and forth to the city centre with bodies and wounded, but rescue efforts were hampered by bad roads and the weather, a Reuters witness said.
Community chief Fatmata Tarawallie said she had started calling for help at 4 a.m. (0400 GMT) but that it did not come soon enough.
"Now our community has sunk," she said.
Mudslides and floods are fairly common during the rainy season in West Africa, where deforestation and poor town planning has put residents at risk.
(Additional reporting and writing by Nellie Peyton; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
AUCKLAND: The "dance in the background" was undoubtedly overshadowing the All Blacks test match against Samoa but coach Steve Hansen was at pains to ensure his side did not trip over their own feet during Friday's clash at Eden Park.
Hansen's side face their South Pacific neighbours for just the seventh time as part of a Pasifika doubleheader at Eden Park, with Wales playing Tonga beforehand after their game was moved from Nuku'alofa due to concerns over the pitch condition.
New Zealand Rugby organised the match specifically to aid Hansen's team preparations for their series against the British and Irish Lions, which starts on June 24.
"Whilst the Lions is a dance that is happening in the background and we're watching that with interest of course, the responsibility to the jersey and those who have been before us means that we go out and take this test match seriously and respect Samoan rugby for what it is," Hansen told reporters.
"They're a very good rugby team and on their day can cause an upset. We don't want to be that upset."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Hansen has named arguably his strongest side possible for the match against Alama Ieremia's team, with only captain Kieran Read (thumb) and Dane Coles (concussion) missing.
The selection, he added, had been relatively simple with his desire to give the team likely to face the Lions the chance to shake out any cobwebs before the big dance.
"A win is getting a game of footy and getting some combinations," he said. "You just can't flick your fingers and say you're away.
"If we can get through the game and get them back into the All Blacks way, playing with some accuracy, pace and intensity will be good."
New Zealand have won all six of their previous matches against the Pacific islanders, who have in the past proved stubborn to break down before the All Blacks cranked up the pressure to run away with five of the six games.
Samoa are also using the test as preparations for their own game against Wales in Apia before World Cup qualifying clashes against Tonga and Fiji.
Ieremia, who played for both Samoa and the All Blacks, has chosen arguably his strongest team, with the majority based in Europe while former Canterbury Crusaders centre Kieron Fonotia is the only debutant in the starting side.
"We believe it's a team that can challenge the All Blacks," Ieremia said this week. "We have picked guys who are used to this sort of tempo.
"The All Blacks are not a team you can experiment with. This is our strongest side. The gauge for us is about where we're at as a team, and we'll find out after this test match."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
Articles by Category Select Category Dirt Late Model News (4,699) Comp Cams Super Dirt Car Series (69) Corn Belt Clash (26) Crate Late Model Series News (189) Fastrak (5) NeSmith Chevrolet Dirt Late Model Series News (75) PCRA Series News (54) General/Other Dirt Late Model News (208) IMCA Late Model Series News (76) Deery Brothers Series News (62) Lucas Oil Late Model Series News (975) MARS DIRTcar Series News (257) MLRA Series News (231) NDRL (133) Northern Allstar Late Model Series (NALMS) News (21) Other Series News (6) Ray Cook's Southern Nationals Series News (66) Southern Regional Racing Series (7) Sunoco American Late Model Series (ALMS) (86) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Late Model News (1,404) U.M.P. DIRTcar Summer Nationals (489) ULMA Series News (156) World of Outlaws Late Model Series News (852) Driver Profiles (54) 2016 Driver Profiles (54) Late Models (13) Modifieds – B-Modifieds (30) Sprints – Midgets – Micros (3) Stock Cars – Sportsman (9) Open Wheel Modified News (1,898) American Modified Series (83) AMRA Series News (3) Big Block Modifieds (25) IMCA Modified & Sport Mod News (122) U.M.P. DIRTcar Series Modified News (976) USMTS News (512) USRA (78) Race Team & Sponsor News (203) Race Track News (7,454) Florida (275) Bubba Raceway Park (66) East Bay Raceway Park (91) Volusia Speedway Park (126) Illinois (3,475) Belle-Clair Speedway (201) Charleston Speedway (6) Coles County Speedway (1) Dirt Oval 66 (1) DuQuoin State Fairgrounds (121) Fairbury American Legion Speedway (122) Farmer City Raceway (173) Fayette County Speedway (167) Gateway Int'l Raceway (86) Gateway Motorsports Park (99) Highland Speedway (471) Jacksonville Speedway (124) Kankakee County Speedway (118) La Salle Speedway (100) Lincoln Speedway (172) Macon Speedway (407) Mt. Vernon Raceway (1) Peoria Speedway (121) Quad City Raceway (82) Quincy Raceway (215) Route 45 Raceway (28) Shepp's Speedway (47) Spoon River Speedway (64) Springfield Mile (88) Tri-City Speedway (702) Vermilion County Speedway (14) Wayne County Speedway (12) Indiana (342) Bloomington Speedway (16) Brownstown Speedway (76) Gas City I-69 Speedway (1) Kokomo Speedway (22) Lawrenceburg Speedway (6) Lincoln Park Speedway (5) Montpelier Motor Speedway (2) Shadyhill Speedway (1) Terre Haute Action Track (78) Tri-State Speedway (95) Kentucky (423) Bluegrass Speedway (6) Florence Speedway (80) Kentucky Lake Motor Speedway (81) Paducah Int'l Raceway (211) Ponderosa Speedway (22) Soggy Bottom Raceway (3) Western Kentucky Speedway (2) Windy Hollow Speedway (2) Missouri (2,721) Benton Racepark (12) Butler Motor Speedway (4) Callaway Raceway (114) Central Missouri Speedway (196) Doe Run Raceway (3) Double X Speedway (106) Federated Auto Parts Raceway at I-55 (612) Fredericktown Raceway (1) I-35 Speedway (20) LA Raceway (67) Lake Ozark Speedway (95) Lebanon I-44 Speedway (192) Lebanon Midway Speedway (128) Legit Speedway Park (67) Lucas Oil Speedway (549) Malden Speedway (14) Missouri State Fair Speedway (35) Monett Speedway (39) Montgomery Motorsports Park (27) Nevada Speedway (2) Poplar Bluff Speedway (27) Randolph County Raceway (93) Scotland County Speedway (27) Springfield Raceway (265) St. Francois County Raceway (124) US 36 Raceway (15) Valley Speedway (97) Winston Speedway (3) Ohio (253) Eldora Speedway (200) K-C Raceway (4) Tennessee (206) Clarksville Speedway (169) Sprint Car & Midget News (2,569) All Star Sprint Series News (71) American Sprint Car Series (ASCS) News (372) COMP Cams Interstate Sprint Car Cup (1) General/Other Sprint-Midget News (98) Mid-America Lightning Sprints (8) MOWA Sprint Series (167) National Sprint League (46) POWRi Series News (476) USAC News (260) USCS (39) World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series News (656) Uncategorized (93)
Articles by Month
REUTERS: West Bromwich Albion cannot afford to take their foot off the pedal in the Premier League as they push for a possible European spot, defender Johnny Evans has said.
West Brom have consolidated their eighth place in the league with a four-game unbeaten run and, with 13 matches left to play, hope to ambush Everton in seventh for a possible Europa League place.
"Everton are still four points ahead of us, we want to catch Everton, that's the next aim, you're always looking above you. West Ham are trying to catch us," Evans told British media.
"We haven't talked about specific targets. I know the manager will say we get to 40 points and work from there, exactly like Leicester City did last season.
"Of course I'm not saying we're going to win the league but we've put ourselves in such a good position we don't want the season to just fizzle out and fade. We want to capitalise on this position and make it a season to remember."
Evans was confident West Brom would eclipse their best Premier League points haul of 49, which they achieved during the 2012-13 campaign under former manager Steve Clark.
"I think the way we've been playing at the minute with the mentality we've got, there's no reason why we can't," he added.
West Brom host 14th placed Bournemouth in their next match on Feb. 25.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
A reminder, there are still some closures in effect on Jan. 2 for the observed New Year's holiday.
Most banks will be closed today.
Government offices and libraries are also closed. The Vancouver Public Library will be open however.
Canada Post offices are closed with no collection or delivery of mail. However, post offices operated by the private sector will be open according to the hours of service of the host business.
TransLink will also be operating on its regular weekday schedule, not its Sunday schedule.
However, the West Coast Express will not be operating today.
B.C. liquor stores will be open today.
Most malls and grocery stores are also open today.
NEW YORK: Aetna Inc Chief Executive Mark Bertolini on Wednesday said the individual Obamacare exchanges are in a "death spiral" where rising premiums push out healthy customers and leave only the sickest customers behind, which then drives up premium rates further.
Bertolini was speaking at a Wall Street Journal conference one day after it and Humana Inc walked away from their merger because the government blocked it on antitrust grounds.
He said that early signs from 2017 enrollment in individual plans created under former President Barack Obama's national healthcare law, often called Obamacare, showed signs of an unbalanced pool of healthy and sick customers.
(Reporting by Caroline Humer)
If you've ever wondered exactly what sorts of things Facebook would like you not to do on its service, you're in luck. For the first time, the social network is publishing detailed guidelines to what does and doesn't belong on its service — 27 pages worth of them, in fact.
So please don't make credible violent threats or revel in sexual violence; promote terrorism or the poaching of endangered species; attempt to buy marijuana, sell firearms, or list prescription drug prices for sale; post instructions for self-injury; depict minors in a sexual context; or commit multiple homicides at different times or locations.
Facebook already banned most of these actions on its previous "community standards" page , which sketched out the company's standards in broad strokes. But on Tuesday it will spell out the sometimes gory details.
The updated community standards will mirror the rules its 7,600 moderators used to review questionable posts, then decide if they should be pulled off Facebook. And sometimes whether to call in the authorities.
The standards themselves aren't changing, but the details reveal some interesting tidbits. Photos of breasts are OK in some cases — such as breastfeeding or in a painting — but not in others. The document details what counts as sexual exploitation of adults or minors, but leaves room to ban more forms of abuse, should it arise.
Since Facebook doesn't allow serial murders on its service, its new standards even define the term. Anyone who has committed two or more murders over "multiple incidents or locations" qualifies. But you're not banned if you've only committed a single homicide. It could have been self-defense, after all.
Reading through the guidelines gives you an idea of how difficult the jobs of Facebook moderators must be. These are people who have to read and watch objectionable material of every stripe and then make hard calls — deciding, for instance, if a video promotes eating disorders or merely seeks to help people. Or what crosses the line from joke to harassment, from theoretical musing to direct threats, and so on.
Moderators work in 40 languages. Facebook's goal is to respond to reports of questionable content within 24 hours. But the company says it doesn't impose quotas or time limits on the reviewers.
The company has made some high-profile mistakes over the years. For instance, human rights groups say Facebook has mounted an inadequate response to hate speech and the incitement of violence against Muslim minorities in Myanmar. In 2016, Facebook backtracked after removing an iconic 1972 Associated Press photo featuring a screaming, naked girl running from a napalm attack in Vietnam. The company initially insisted it couldn't create an exception for that particular photograph of a nude child, but soon reversed itself, saying the photo had "global importance."
Monica Bickert, Facebook's head of product policy and counterterrorism, said the detailed public guidelines have been a long time in the works. "I have been at this job five years and I wanted to do this that whole time," she said. Bickert said Facebook's recent privacy travails, which forced CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify for 10 hours before Congress, didn't prompt their release now.
The policy is an evolving document, and Bickert said updates go out to the content reviewers every week. Facebook hopes it will give people clarity if posts or videos they report aren't taken down. Bickert said one challenge is having the same document guide vastly different "community standards" around the world. What passes as acceptable nudity in Norway may not pass in Uganda or the U.S.
There are more universal gray areas, too. For instance, what exactly counts as political protest? How can you know that the person in a photo agreed to have it posted on Facebook? That latter question is the main reason for Facebook's nudity ban, Bickert said, since it's "hard to determine consent and age." Even if the person agreed to be taped or photographed, for example, they may not have agreed to have their naked image posted on social media.
Facebook uses a combination of the human reviewers and artificial intelligence to weed out content that violates its policies. But its AI tools aren't close to the point where they could pinpoint subtle differences in context and history — not to mention shadings such as humor and satire — that would let them make judgments as accurate as those of humans.
And of course, humans make plenty of mistakes themselves.
_______
Here are just some examples of what the rules ban. Note: Facebook has not changed the actual rules — it has just made them public.
CREDIBLE VIOLENCE
Is there a real-world threat? Facebook looks for "credible statements of intent to commit violence against any person, groups of people, or place (city or smaller)." Is there a bounty or demand for payment? The mention or an image of a specific weapon? A target and at least two details such as location, method or timing? A statement to commit violence against a vulnerable person or group such as "heads-of-state, witnesses and confidential informants, activists, and journalists" counts here too.
Also banned: instructions on "on how to make or use weapons if the goal is to injure or kill people," unless there is "clear context that the content is for an alternative purpose (for example, shared as part of recreational self-defense activities, training by a country's military, commercial video games, or news coverage)."
HATE SPEECH
"We define hate speech as a direct attack on people based on what we call protected characteristics — race, ethnicity, national origin, religious affiliation, sexual orientation, sex, gender, gender identity, and serious disability or disease. We also provide some protections for immigration status," Facebook says. As to what counts as a direct attack, the company says it's any "violent or dehumanizing speech, statements of inferiority, or calls for exclusion or segregation."
There are three tiers of severity, ranging from comparing a protected group to filth or disease to calls to "exclude or segregate" a person our group based on the protected characteristics. Facebook does note that it does "allow criticism of immigration policies and arguments for restricting those policies."
GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
Images of violence against "real people or animals" with comments or captions that contain enjoyment of suffering, humiliation and remarks that speak positively of the violence or "indicating the poster is sharing footage for sensational viewing pleasure" are prohibited. The captions and context matter in this case because Facebook does allow such images in some cases where they are condemned, or shared as news or in a medical setting. Even then, though, the post must be limited so only adults can see them and Facebook adds a warning screen to the post.
CHILD SEXUAL EXPLOITATION
"We do not allow content that sexually exploits or endangers children. When we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we report it to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), in compliance with applicable law. We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images," Facebook says. Then, it lists at least 12 specific instances of children in a sexual context, saying the ban includes, but is not limited to these examples. This includes "uncovered female nipples for children older than toddler-age."
ADULT NUDITY AND SEXUAL ACTIVITY
"We understand that nudity can be shared for a variety of reasons, including as a form of protest, to raise awareness about a cause, or for educational or medical reasons. Where such intent is clear, we make allowances for the content. For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring," Facebook says. That said, the company says it "defaults" to removing sexual imagery to prevent the sharing of non-consensual or underage content. The restrictions apply to images of real people as well as digitally created content, although art — such as drawings, paintings or sculptures — is an exception.
The film, called The Clapper, stars Ed Helms as Eddie Krumble, a widower who moves to LA and starts a career as a paid professional audience member for infomercials and live show tapings. His enthusiasm catches the eye of a talk show host and his producer, Ralph Ranter, who's played by Adam.
Together, they give Eddie 15 minutes of fame, but it ends up costing him his job, and threatens his romance with a gas station attendant, played by Amanda Seyfried. The movie also stars Tracy Morgan as Eddie's best friend.
The Clapper will have its premiere this Sunday night.
As previously reported, Adam also appears in a comedy called Fun Mom Dinner, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this year.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Charlotte County woman takes action after pit bulls attack her husband, dogs
Susan Greer is taking action after two pit bulls attacked her husband and dogs while they were out on a walk along Aegean Court.
Greer's husband and dogs survived the attack back in November, but not without serious injuries.
“My husband had 16 puncture wounds and lacerations, my female dog had 22 punctures wounds. She had three surgeries. My male dog had eight puncture wounds and had one surgery,” Greer said.
The terrifying experience encouraged Greer to take action. While Greer's husband plans to sue the owner of the pit bulls, she is planning to change restrictions in her Deep Creek community.
Greer is also working to change the Charlotte County's pet ordinance to try to prevent this from happening again.
“Having any animals on a leash as soon as you come out your door. Not your property, your door, because those dogs were on their property but then they came right off,” Greer said.
Another attack in Charlotte County made headlines in January after a pack of pit bulls pounced on a man and his dogs in Punta Gorda.
Greer feels this is a matter of public safety and she says the county is not doing enough to protect the community. Greer also wants the county to make it easier to classify dogs as “dangerous” after an attack.
The Deep Creek property owners association plans to vote on the new proposed pet restriction later this year.
Reporter: Kristi Gross
Writer: Katherine Viloria
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BUFFALO, N.Y. (WIVB) — Investigators are searching for the cause of a morning fire that damaged a downtown restaurant and bar. Firefighters got the first call around 7:30 this morning at 454 Pearl Street, right around the corner from Sheas Performing Arts Center. Minutes later, they sounded a second alarm as a precaution.
The downstairs portion of the building houses La Delicias Taqueria. Firefighters tell News 4 the fire started downstairs and extended to apartments on the second floor. No injuries were reported.
Early estimates from firefighters put the damage to the building and contents at $300,000. Additional damage to another restaurant is estimated at $80,000.
Electrical issues may have caused the fire.
UNITED NATIONS, June 15 (APP): Closing gender gap at work can open
doors to benefits for society and the economy, according to a new report released by a UN agency.
“Reducing gender disparities at workplaces by 25 percent by 2025 could
inject nearly 5.8 trillion U.S. dollars into the global economy and boost tax revenues,” the UN International Labour Organization (ILO) said in the report.
Women already have significantly lowed participation in the labour
market, but finding work for them remains more difficult than their male counterparts, the report said.
“Helping women access the labour market is nevertheless an important
first step,” the ILO said in a news release introducing the report.
According to the UN body, the global labor force participation rate for
women in 2017 is projected to be around 49 percent, nearly 27 percentage points lower than that of men.
This figure is expected to remain unchanged in 2018.
The report also emphasized the need to promote equal pay for work of
equal value, tackle root causes of occupational segregation, and eliminate violence and harassment at work.
ANKARA: President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan will on Monday (Jul 9) be sworn in for a second mandate as Turkey's head of state after his election triumph last month, assuming sweeping powers granted under a new constitution, a presidential source said.
Erdoğan, who has dominated Turkey first as premier from 2003 then president from 2014, scored an outright victory in the first round of the Jun 24 elections with 52.6 per cent of the vote.
Advertisement
Those elections were particularly crucial as it is only after the polls that the new presidential system, which was agreed in a 2017 referendum and opponents fear will lead to one man rule, comes into force.
Erdoğan will be sworn at the parliament, a presidential source, who asked not to be named, told AFP. State media reports said the oath ceremony would be at 1300 GMT.
Two hours later a "transition ceremony" marking the shift to the new system will take place at his vast presidential palace on the outskirts of Ankara, Anadolu news agency reported.
The Turkish leader is expected to deliver a speech during the ceremony to be attended by leading figures from the business, art and sports as well as foreign heads of state, according to the Hurriyet daily.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The ceremony will be followed by a dinner and then Erdoğan is due to announce his new cabinet, it said.
Under the new system, Erdoğan will enjoy greater powers with the authority to appoint and sack ministers, judges and other state officials.
The post of prime minister, currently held by Erdoğan's ally Binali Yildirim, is to be scrapped as of Monday, leaving the president in full and sole charge of the government.
A decree published in the Official Gazette on Wednesday formalised the transfer of some duties and authorities of the cabinet to the president.
Also, the references in certain laws like "cabinet" and "prime ministry" have been changed to say "president" and the "presidency," according to the decree.
The new regulations will come into force on the day the president is sworn in, Anadolu said.
The new parliament is meanwhile expected to be sworn in two days earlier on Saturday.
Erdoğan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) has failed to secure a majority in the 600-seat parliament on its own in the June elections. But it does enjoy a clear majority within a pact with its partner the right-wing Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).
TO address possible confusion in the handling of ballots and other election-related concerns during the Barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan (SK) elections, the Commission on Elections (Comelec) in Cebu will be conducting an election simulation for its election officers and electoral board members.
The simulation/training for election officers will be on May 1, while Electoral Board (EB) members will be trained from May 3 to 11.
Provincial Election Officer lawyer Ferdinand Gujilde said that it is important that the electoral board will have complete understanding of election procedures based on the general instructions.
Gujilde said that the guidelines in handling the ballots, including the number of ballots per bundle and when to segregate them, are very specific and must be followed as precisely as possible.
In the Barangay and SK elections, EB members must also be extra careful in giving out the ballots since some voters will be given two ballots, while others will be given only one.
Voters aged 15 to 17 will only receive an SK ballot; voters aged 18-30 will be given two ballots, one for the SK and one for the barangay election; while voters aged above 30 years old will be given only the regular barangay election ballot.
The ballots, regardless of whether it is for SK or barangay office will be placed in the same ballot box.
The segregation of the ballots will only take place after the closing of the polling precinct and before the counting of the votes, Gujilde said.
The cost calculator is intended to provide a ballpark estimate for information purposes only and is not to be considered an actual quote of your total moving cost. Data provided by Moving Pros Network LLC. More…
The calculator is based on industry average costs. Your move costs may vary depending on the actual weight of your goods, the services you request or are needed to complete the move, and/or on the pricing of each individual mover. Also, certain costs are not reflected in this calculation, for example any fuel surcharge that may be applicable at the time of your move and valuation costs.
The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth, citing "widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
WASHINGTON: The Federal Reserve ordered Wells Fargo on Friday to halt its growth, citing "widespread consumer abuses and other compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
The Federal Reserve Board said in a statement that it "would restrict the growth of the firm until it sufficiently improves its governance and controls. Concurrently with the Board's action, Wells Fargo will replace three current board members by April and a fourth board member by the end of the year. "
The bank is barred from growing beyond its size at the end of 2017 until it has satisfied the Fed that it has improved its compliance and governance polices, the Fed said. The bank's board must submit a plan within 60 days outlining how it plans to address the Fed's concerns.
The Fed action follows sustained compliance issues at Wells Fargo, which has already paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines to various regulators for abusing retail customers.
Shares of Wells Fargo fell about 2 percent in light post-market trading.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder)
Advertisement
NW-SCC students chosen for 2017 All-Alabama Academic Team
MUSCLE SHOALS & PHIL CAMPBELL — Kaylen Bishop and Ashley I Dulce Rosa Figueroa-Cifuentes were selected to the 2017 All-Alabama Academic Team for Northwest-Shoals Community College (NW-SCC) and honored last Friday (4/14) at the All-Alabama Academic Team Recognition Luncheon at Ross Bridge Hotel and Spa in Birmingham, Ala.
Bishop, a Haleyville native, currently is majoring in Secondary Education at NW-SCC and plans to transfer to the University of North Alabama.
Figueroa-Cifuentes, a Russellville native, currently is majoring in Criminal Justice at NW-SCC and plans to attend Athens State University.
The faculty and staff of NW-SCC nominate students from each campus of the college. The criteria for voting for a student is to choose students who “excel academically; demonstrate intellectual rigor in their course of study; show academic growth and potential; and use their two-year college education to better themselves, their schools and their communities.”
All nominees are presented to the national Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society for final selection. Each community college in Alabama has two representatives.
The Alabama College System's All-Alabama Academic Team Recognition Program was established in 1995 as an enhancement to the All-USA National Academic Team Recognition Program, which is sponsored by the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society, the American Association of Community Colleges and USA Today.
: The Central Board of Secondary Education will conduct a re-test of Class 12 economics paper on Wednesday, nearly a month after it was leaked triggering widespread outrage and confusion among students across India.The CBSE on Tuesday said that for the retest, candidates will appear from the same allotted centres using the same admit Card as already notified on March 30.After reports of the leak surfaced on March 28, the CBSE announced it will re-conduct the examination on April 25.Then, there were also reports of the CBSE's Class 10 mathematics paper being leaked, but the board decided against a re-test of the Class 10 paper, saying the examination was "largely an internal segment" of the school education system."The candidates will appear (for the exam) from the same allotted centres using the same admit card," a board official said today.For conducting the re-test of the economics paper, the board had said "Class 12 exams are a gateway to higher education and various professional competitive exams which have limited seats... Therefore, giving undue advantage to a handful of beneficiaries of the alleged leak of the economics paper would not be in larger interest of the students."Earlier this month, the CBSE had said it found no impact of the Class 10 mathematics paper leak after an assessment.The reports of leak of the CBSE papers had caused disappointment among students across the country last month.In Delhi, students held protests, accusing the CBSE of negligence and demanded immediate action against the guilty.Investigators made arrests in several parts of the country in connection with the case, including in Jharkhand and Himachal Pradesh.They claimed to have arrested the main conspirators behind the leak from Una town in Himachal Pradesh. The three people were staffers at a school in the town.The Class 12 economics paper was leaked on March 23 - three days before the scheduled date, according to Delhi Police.The leak was exposed after an envelop containing four images of the hand-written economics paper was delivered to the CBSE Headquarters in Delhi on the evening of the scheduled date of examination - March 26.Following the leak reports, on April 2 CBSE tried a "leak-proof" system of "encrypted" question papers, which delayed the exam as a few centres in Delhi were unable to follow the printing of encrypted papers, e-mailed to them, at the school itself.The HRD ministry then set up a committee to examine the process by which the CBSE conducts examinations. The seven-member panel, headed by former HRD secretary Vinay Sheel Oberoi, will suggest measures to make the process "secure and fool-proof" using technology.The committee has to submit its report by May 31 to the Human Resource Development Ministry.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
Wyoming Valley
Narcotics Anonymous offers help to those with a drug problem. Call the N.A. phone line at 1-866-935-4762 or go to NAbeehive.org.
Dual Recovery Anonymous meetings are held at 7 p.m. Tuesdays and 6 p.m. Wednesdays at the Triangle 24 Hour Club, 4143 Memorial Highway, Dallas. DRA is for anyone with a desire to stop using alcohol and other intoxicating drugs and a desire to manage emotional or psychiatric illness in a healthy and constructive way. Meetings are open. Family members, friends of members or anyone interested in DRA welcome.
Two programs outlining the importance of developing basic internal accounting controls for all-volunteer organizations in the community will be presented by the Department of Business at Misericordia University, the Luzerne County District Attorney's Office, the Office of state Rep. Tarah Toohil, R-Butler Township, and Snyder & Clemente, Accountants & Consultants. The Hazleton Integration Project, 225 E. 4th St., Hazleton will host the program from 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday, May 3. The program will be available again from 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday, May 10, on the campus of Misericordia University in Dudrick and Muth rooms 216-217 of Sandy and Marlene Insalaco Hall. A question-and-answer session will follow both programs, which are free to the public. Light refreshments will be available. Under the direction of Professor Fred Croop, Ed.D., M.B.A., the Department of Business at Misericordia University developed the Internal Controls and Federal Tax Exemption Basics for All-Volunteer Organizations Resource Manual in 2015. The manual is available via a free download online for all-volunteer organizations, such as volunteer fire departments, youth recreation leagues, parent teacher organizations, and more. The complete manual is available at www.Misericordia.edu/nonprofitcontrols. The presentations will focus on nonprofit organizations that do not have employees, where it is more difficult to develop and implement standard internal controls to safeguard finances and assets. Call Croop at 570-674-6327 or at fcroop@misericordia.edu or Misericordia at 570- 674-6400 or go to misericordia.edu/business.
The Back Mountain Chamber's annual Business & Community Expo will be held from 4 to 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 26, at Misericordia University, Dallas. The annual event is an opportunity for businesses to showcase their products and network, according to Tom Mosca, BMC president. Expo registration is available online at www.backmountainchamber.org. To register, call 570-675-9380. Vendor set-up is from 2 to 2:45 p.m. A vendor mixer is from 3 to 4 p.m. A history presentation will follow the expo at 6:30 p.m. Topic is “The Titanic and its Wyoming Valley Passengers - 105 years after the great disaster.” Main speaker is Dr. William V. Lewis, commissioner of the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission, past president of the Luzerne County Historical Society, and author of the booklet “Stories of the Wilkes-Barre Titanic Passengers.” Also speaking will be Mae Thomas, a Wyoming Valley resident whose mother and brother were survivors of the Titanic and whose uncle perished in the disaster. Also scheduled to speak is David DeCosmo, a long time reporter with WYOU and WDAU TV stations and WILK radio. As a newsman, in 1972, DeCosmo helped to solve what was then a 60 year Titanic mystery. Many of the descendants of Titanic passengers now live throughout Wyoming Valley, especially in the Back Mountain area. The sinking occurred on the night of April 14-15, 1912. A book signing featuring local history books, including “Stories of the Wilkes-Barre Titanic Passengers” will be held following the presentation. For information, contact the Back Mountain Chamber at 570-675-9380 or email at membership@backmountainchamber.org. Visit the chamber online at www.backmountainchamber.org.
Northeastern Pennsylvania Coast Guard Veterans Association will meet at 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 19, at Perkins Restaurant, 304 Route 315 Highway, Pittston Township. Call President Neil Morrison at 570-288-6817 for information.
A health fair hosted by Candy's Place, A Cancer Wellness Center, with Luzerne County Community College nursing students, will be held at 11 a.m. Wednesday, April 26, at Candy's Place, 190 Welles St. Suite 120, Forty Forts. Event is free. Call the center to register. There will be various stations, including blood pressure, nutrition and skin care. Call 570-714-8800 or visit www.cancerwellnessnepa.org for information.
King's College Head Coach Bernie Kachinko will hold a boys volleyball camp from 2 to 6 p.m. June 26-29. The camp is open to boys entering grades 9-12. The cost of the camp is $100 with a reduced rate of $80 before May 26. For information, contact Kachinko at bernardkachinko@kings.edu or go to the King's College athletics website for a registration form.
SilverSneakers by Tivity Health is now available at the Wilkes-Barre Jewish Community Center. SilverSneakers is a program encouraging older adults to participate in physical activities to help them maintain greater control of their health. Contact Sharon in the wellness department at 570-824-4646 for information.
Back Mountain
Centermoreland United Methodist Church will host a soups and desserts dinner from 3 to 6 p.m. Saturday, April 22, at 17 Creamery Road, Tunkhannock. A free will offering will be taken to benefit a local family in need.
Kingston Township composting site opened for the season Monday, April 17, at the public works facility upper lot, 225 E. Center St., Shavertown. The facility will be open seven days a week with a closing date to be determined. Schedule is: 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday, Tuesday and Thursday; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday and Friday, and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekends, weather permitting. The composting site is open to Kingston Township residents and/or property owners only. Only yard waste produced from properties situated within Kingston Township can be deposited at the site. Kingston Township residents/property owners must secure an annual permit from the township only if someone other than the resident is hauling the compost to the site. The resident must be present to obtain a permit at the Kingston Township administrative offices. There is no cost for the permit. No commercial landscaping or grounds-keeping contractors can use the facility other than the maintenance or care of his/her personal property owned or rented in Kingston Township. For information on rules and guidelines, visit www.kingstontownship.com, Facebook, or call the administration office at 570-696-3809.
Kingston Township Board of Supervisors announced the spring yard waste/bagged leaf pickup has been scheduled for today, Tuesday, April 18, to Friday, April 21, and Monday, April 24, weather permitting. Residents are advised to have yard waste and bagged leaves placed at the curbside for pickup. Yard waste consists of sticks and twigs bundled three feet in length and one foot in height and one foot wide. Limit is two bundles. Large limbs will not be accepted. Township crews will conduct the pickup from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday through Friday. Do not sweep leaves into gutters and roadways. Leaves block storm drains. A township ordinance prohibits this practice. Residents are reminded bags must contain only leaves. No grass clippings will be accepted. Residents are also reminded of a township ordinance which prohibits burning of leaves. Residents may also drop off leaves without bags, and yard waste at the composting site behind the public works facility from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday, Tuesday and Thursday; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesdays, and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekends. For information, contact the administrative office at 570-696-3809 or the public works department at 570-696-3650.
Kingston Township Board of Supervisors announce the spring cleanup will be held at the Kingston Township Public Works Garage, 225 E. Center St., Shavertown, from Monday, May 1, through Saturday, May 6. The cleanup is open to Kingston Township residents only. Proof of township residency is required to obtain a coupon. To avoid delays during cleanup week, coupons are available for purchase at the administration building, 180 E. Center St., Shavertown, from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday now through Friday, April 28. Coupons will be available during cleanup week only at the public works facility during cleanup hours only. Spring cleanup hours are: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday, May 1, Wednesday, May 3, and Friday, May 5; 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesday, May 2, and Thursday, May 4; and 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, May 6. For information, visit www.kingstontownship.com, Facebook or call the administration office at 570-696-3809.
Hanover area
The annual spring tea of Centenary-Ashley United Methodist Church, 26 N. Main St., Ashley, will be held at 2 p.m. Saturday, April 30. Theme is ‘Alice Through The Looking Glass.” There will be assorted teas, finger sandwiches and desserts, and a basket raffle. Entertainment will be by ‘Change of Habit.' Tickets for adults are $10 in advance, $11 at the door. Contact Lucy Edwards, 570-899-0969, or the church office at 570-735-1514 regarding pre-sale tickets.
Mountain Top area
A gardening forum will be presented at 6 p.m. Wednesday, May 3, at the Marian Sutherland Kirby Library, 35 Kirby Ave., Mountain Top. Aaron Parrish of Hobbie Landscape, LLC will discuss the practices for caring for landscaping and explore some of the myths to having a yard and garden. Topics to be covered will include fertilizers and weed preventive to add to the yard and garden, how much mulch should be applied and how often, alternatives to mulch in planting beds and when to prune or cut back plants. Suggestions for creating year round color with planting materials will be discussed. Register by visiting the library or call 570-474-9313. Parrish is licensed in the state of PA as a contractor in landscape and contracting with more than 30 years of experience.
A program on birds of prey will be presented at 7 p.m. Thursday, April 20, at the White Haven Community Library. A golden eagle, a red-tailed hawk, a peregrine falcon, a saw-whet owl and other live raptors will be on display. Presented by Bill Streeter, director of the Delaware Valley Raptor Center, Close Encounters With Birds of Prey is intended as an educational experience for participants of all ages. Streeter has a BA in biology and an MS in zoology. His knowledge was gained over 35 years of studying and rehabilitating raptors, and through practicing the ancient art of falconry. Tickets are $5 and can be purchased at the library, 121 Towanda St., White Haven. Seating is limited. No tickets will be available at the door. For information, call 570-443-8776 or visit the library Facebook page.
Nanticoke area
The Honey Pot Active Volunteer Fire Company will sponsor an all-you-can-eat breakfast from 7 to 11 a.m. Sunday, April 30, at the Fraternal Order of the Eagles, Prospect and Ridge Streets, Nanticoke, across from the municipal building. Cost is $8 for adults and $4 for children. For information, contact Frank Kotsko at 570-735-2932.
The monthly bingo of West Side Playground, 389 W. Grand St., Nanticoke, will be held today, Tuesday, April 18. There are cash prizes. Food, refreshments and door prizes are available. Doors open at 5:15 p.m. Games start at 6. Facility is non smoking. Call 570-735-6820.
West Side
The Senior Citizens' Friendship Club of St. Mary's in Plymouth will meet at 1 p.m. Monday, April 24, in Holy Child School Building on Willow Street in Plymouth. Servers will Vicki Fajen, Jeanette Smith, Phyllis Saluski, Florence Shaw, and Helen Skovira. The last day to make reservations for the Mom and Dad Dinner will be at the April 24 meeting. The dinner will be held at 1 p.m. Monday, May 8, at Konefal's, Main Street, Edwardsville. At the previous meeting, cash prizes were won by Janice Perfetto, Josephine Kreitzer, Barbara Orlowski, and Florence Shaw. New members are welcome. Bingo, cards and pool were enjoyed after the business meeting.
Share:
ISLAMABAD - The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed all the provinces to submit their replies and objections, if any, on the report of Federal Ombudsman to examine the systematic failure in the administration of prisons.
The top court also observed that all the home secretaries and IGs prisons should also be present in the top court on the next date of hearing fixed for July 11.
A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar and comprising Justice Umar Ata Bandial and Justice Ijazul Ahsan took a suo motu case of miserable condition of women in jails for hearing.
The court in May had ordered all district and session judges throughout Pakistan to inspect jails falling within their districts and submit their reports before Federal Ombudsman for its examination and comments thereupon.
Hafiz Ahsan Khokhar on behalf of Federal Ombudsman submitted the report before the bench and stated that reports of 80 district and session judges were analysed.
He stated that the total prisons in the country were 98 wherein 78,160 prisoners were detained against the total sanctioned strength of 56,353.
He further stated that 25,195 were convicted prisoners, 48,780 were under-trial prisoners and 4,688 condemned prisoners.
He further stated that 1955 women were currently in jail including under trial and convicted adding that 1225 prisoners were juvenile.
Chief justice observed that during his visit he witnessed the children of women prisoners in jail. He questioned whether it was suitable to keep these children with the criminals.
He further asked as to what will happen to the education and grooming of these children under such environment.
Chief justice further observed that he had information some of the female prisoners involved in drugs consumption.
Khokhar responded that there were ten recommendations by the Ombudsman and requested the bench for directions to constitute two Committees for improvement of life of prisoners in Jails especially for Children, Women and Destitute / Resource-less Prisoners and the other committee for ensuring that District Oversight Committees are constituted to monitor the implementation of top court's order in their respective Districts and to submit deficiencies, if any to the respective Home Department / IG Prisons.
“These Committees should consist of members from the Civil Society, Bars, Education and Health Sectors, who have proven track record of significant contributions for improvement of life of the prisoners,” he added.
He further stated that Ministry of Interior and Provincial Home / Prison Departments may be directed to appoint Senior Officers to act as a Focal Person to enable surprise visits of the above said Committees.
However, chief justice remarked that what purpose these visits would serve. He questioned who would ascertain as to what could be done through these visits.
He further observed that the implementation could be done either by provinces or by federal ombudsman. The top court directed the provinces to file their replies or objections on the report by Friday.
Punjab's District & Session Judges, submitted to Ombudsman, recommended that additional barracks may be constructed to cope up with the issue of overcrowding and seepage in washrooms should be controlled along with installation of electric water coolers.
It further recommended that the procedure for timely shifting of seriously ailing prisoners to Hospitals for treatment should be simplified, repair of Old Female Sections should be carried out, computer labs for juvenile prisoners and books for jail library should be provided and X-Ray plant for medical treatment should be provided and appointment of Medical Officers should be ensured.
It also recommended for introduction of formal education/ religious education and skill courses in professions such as tailoring, electrician, plumber, beauty courses for women and embroidery work, provision of ambulance facility with construction of family rooms for periodic stay of the prisoners with their spouses.
Likewise, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa District and Session Judges in their observations stated that jail factories be made functional again in order to provide proper opportunities to the prisoners for productive activities and construction of sewerage system and repair of old female section may be undertaken.
It also recommended the provision of two platoons of FC with 02 Armed Personnel for beefing up the security of D.I.Khan being a risky area.
“The borstal institutions for rehabilitation and confinement of juveniles are not functional. The prisoners are not getting formal education and skill knowledge. The government Universities, Colleges and schools are not helping to provide education to the prisoners in the jails. There is a need to associate other institutions for improvement in jail conditions. There is a need to link Biometric system in jails with NADRA for maintaining the record of the prisoners.”
Sindh's District and Session judges observed, “shortage of vehicles for the production of UTPs in courts, necessary formal education and skills to the prisoners, construction of washrooms and provision of drinking water facility to visitors.”
Sindh's report also observed that assistance from philanthropists was not available everywhere and computerized data of prisoners was not connected with NADRA adding that provincial government should build a jail in every district headquarters.
“Every jail should have separate and independent portions for women and juvenile prisoners with sleeping space for every prisoner with adequate toilet and hygiene facility. Provincial Government should ensure that there are proper facilities in the visitor's room in jail, including sufficient chairs, drinking water and toilet facility.”
“As a moral duty, Higher Education Commission of Pakistan should allocate every jail to nearby Universities or a major educational institution for providing free education to the prisoners, particularly women and children and impart skill training to them with the help of TEVTA and other skill training institutions. Libraries should also be upgraded by the concerned universities. No fee should be charged from the prisoners intending to appear in the examination.”
After examination of these reports, the Federal Ombudsman noticed the deficiencies of absence of Oversight Committees, shortage of staff in jails as well as over-crowding, lack of sanitation and health facilities, non-production of under trial prisoners in courts and lack of escort staff, lack of computerisation record of prisoners, lack of free legal aid for prisoners, inadequate civic facilities in Bakhshi Khanas, unnecessary detention in petty crimes, lack of educational and skill training facilities, lack of independent jail for every district that causes overcrowding and prisoner's transportation problems.
Hernandez and Burnside, whom authorities identified as the dealer's associates, kidnapped the dealer to seek a ransom of $130,000, the estimated value of the marijuana lost in the robbery. They took him to an apartment in Anaheim and told him to call his father and request money for the ransom, prosecutors said.
related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
6 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery.
Holders Real Madrid will have to overcome a sizeable obstacle when the Champions League resumes in February after Monday's draw pitted the 12-times winners against Paris St Germain.
REUTERS: Holders Real Madrid will have to overcome a sizeable obstacle when the Champions League resumes in February after Monday's draw pitted the 12-times winners against Paris St Germain.
Bidding for a hat-trick of titles in Europe's elite club competition, Real paid a heavy price for not winning their group as they were drawn with the big-spending Parisians who were tipped as many people's favourites ahead of the draw in Nyon.
Five-times champions Barcelona will face English champions Chelsea, one of five Premier league clubs in the draw.
Tottenham Hotspur, who topped their group ahead of Real Madrid thanks to a 3-1 victory at Wembley, will face Serie A champions and last seasons' runners-up Juventus.
Manchester City, who clocked up a record 14th successive Premier League victory on Sunday, are now listed as favourites after being handed a last-16 clash with Swiss club Basel.
Five-times winners Bayern Munich, who finished below PSG in the group, will be happy with a two-legged clash with Turkish outsiders Besiktas.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Europa League champions Manchester United take on Sevilla while, Liverpool will meet Porto while AS Roma's reward for winning their group ahead of Chelsea is a tricky tie against Ukraine's Shakhtar Donetsk.
The Champions League has proved beyond even the vast riches available to PSG and last season they were stunned in the last 16 by Barcelona, losing the second leg 6-1 after beating the Spanish side 4-0 in the French capital.
A clash with Real is hardly what they would have desired at such an early stage but with Neymar and Edinson Cavani having scored six goals apiece in the group, they will be hopeful - if they can keep Real's nine-goal Cristiano Ronaldo quiet.
"This could have been the final, given the power of the two clubs. The last 16 is a bit early, we could say. Logically we are both challengers for the trophy," Emilio Butragueno, Real's director of institutional relations, said following the draw.
"PSG get stronger and stronger, they had an impeccable group phase and have a lot of power. I don't think it's a good draw for them either. It will be a thrilling tie."
PSG and real have played six times in Europe, most recently in the 2015-16 group stage when the sides drew 0-0 in Paris with Real edging the return match 1-0.
Chelsea and Barcelona will renew a regular Champions league rivalry that last surfaced in the 2012 semi-final when Chelsea won 3-2 on aggregate before going on to claim the trophy for the only time in their history.
Barcelona won the 2009 semi-final on away goals.
"We've had some great times at Stamford Bridge, haven't we?" Barça's Andres Iniesta said on Twitter.
While Antonio Conte's Chelsea were handed a tough draw, the other English qualifiers would have been reasonably content with their opponents, especially Manchester City.
While Basel is a formidable side at home and have some big English scalps at home in the Champions League, Pep Guardiola's side will be big favourites to progress.
"We have to be careful, they deserve to be here," City's technical director Txiki Begiristain said.
Tottenham will face Juventus for the first time while Manchester United and Sevilla have also never met before.
Bayern Munich will meet Besiktas for the first time since winning 2-0 home and away in the 1997-98 group stage.
"Bayern is a powerful team but we are not a piece of cake either," Besiktas president Fikret Orman said.
The first legs, with group winners PSG, Tottenham, Liverpool, Manchester United, Roma, Manchester City, Barcelona and Besiktas away first, take place on Feb. 13-14 and Feb. 20-21 with the returns on March 6-7 and March 13-14.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Ed Osmond and Raissa Kasolowsky)
SEOUL/KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea's spy agency suspects two female North Korean agents assassinated the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Malaysia, lawmakers in Seoul said on Wednesday, as Malaysian medical authorities sought a cause of death.
U.S. government sources also told Reuters they believed that Kim Jong Nam, who according to Malaysian police died on Monday on his way to hospital from Kuala Lumpur International Airport, had been murdered by North Korean assassins.
South Korean intelligence believed Kim Jong Nam was poisoned, lawmakers said after being briefed by the country's spy agency.
They said the spy agency told them that the young, unpredictable North Korean leader had issued a "standing order" for his half-brother's assassination, and that there had been a failed attempt in 2012.
According to the spy agency, Kim Jong Nam had been living with his second wife in the Chinese territory of Macau, under Beijing's protection, the lawmakers said. One of them said Kim Jong Nam also had a wife and son in Beijing.
Portly and gregarious, Kim Jong Nam had spoken out publicly against his family's dynastic control of the isolated state.
"If the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed to be committed by the North Korean regime, that would clearly depict the brutality and inhumanity of the Kim Jong-un regime," South Korean Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, the country's acting president, told a security council meeting.
The meeting was called in response to Kim Jong Nam's mysterious death, news of which first emerged late on Tuesday.
South Korea is acutely sensitive to any sign of potential instability in North Korea, and is still technically in a state of war with its impoverished and nuclear-armed neighbour.
TICKET TO MACAU
Malaysian police said the dead man, 46, held a passport under the name Kim Chol. Kim Jong Nam was known to spend a significant amount of time outside North Korea, travelling in Macau and Hong Kong as well as mainland China, and has been caught in the past using forged travel documents.
Malaysian police official Fadzil Ahmat said on Tuesday the cause of Kim's death was not yet known, and that a post-mortem would be carried out. Kim had been planning to travel to Macau on Monday when he fell ill at KLIA's low-cost terminal, Fadzil said.
Kim's body was taken on Wednesday morning to a second hospital, where an autopsy was being performed.
A Malaysian police source who had seen closed-circuit TV footage from the airport said a woman was involved in the attack.
"So far from the CCTV we can confirm it's a woman," the source said.
Asked during a news briefing if the murder of Kim Jong Nam was confirmed, South Korean Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee said: "Yes, I have said it is confirmed."
South Korea's TV Chosun, a cable-TV network, cited multiple South Korean government sources saying that Kim had been poisoned with a needle by two women believed to be North Korean operatives who fled in a taxi.
Reuters could not independently confirm those details.
Officials at the North Korean embassy in Kuala Lumpur would not speak to reporters gathered outside its gate and refused them entry. A few cars were seen leaving the embassy.
South Korea's Unification Ministry urged North Korean defectors in South Korea and abroad to be mindful of their security.
Malaysia is one of a dwindling number of countries that has close relations with North Korea, whose nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches - the latest of which took place on Sunday - have provoked global sanctions.
Malaysians and North Koreans can visit each other's country without visas.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park, Cynthia Kim and Hyunjoo Jin in SEOUL and Joseph Sipalan in KUALA LUMPUR; Writing by Tony Munroe; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
A slow speed Saskatoon police chase ended with the driver of a truck being charged with impaired driving.
Patrol officers spotted the truck early Wednesday morning on Bedford Road near Avenue P.
READ MORE: Saskatchewan victim of impaired driving featured in awareness campaign
When the officers saw the truck fail to stop at a stop sign, they tried to pull it over.
The driver refused to stop despite police having their emergency equipment on, and eventually headed westbound on 22nd Street at a reduced speed.
Officers said the driver continued to refuse to pull over despite repeated commands to do so.
READ MORE: Shattered lives: SGI video campaign drives home the impact of impaired driving
He eventually reached a parking lot in the 200-block of Fairmont Drive where he was arrested.
The 24-year-old Saskatoon man is now facing charges of impaired driving, exceeding .08, driving while disqualified, evading police and breach of an undertaking.
The body of a Florida man who jumped into the Housatonic River was found on Wednesday evening.
Stratford Police Capt. Frank Eannotti said Wednesday that police recovered the body of Tarvares Harris. Police said Harris went missing shortly after midnight on June 7 after he crashed his sport-utility vehicle into the Washington Bridge and then jumped from the bridge into the water. Police and firefighter dive teams from Stratford and other towns spent several days looking for Harris.
Police were investigating what caused Harris to jump from the bridge.
Stay with The Stratford Star for more coverage of this story.
The Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC) has confiscated pirated materials worth about ten billion Naira in the last six year in the country.
Mr Afam Ezekude, the NCC Director-General, made this known on Monday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja.
The commission has scaled up its enforcement activities in the last six and half years and we have seized pirated items to the tune of over 10 billion naira; remove from markets and shops.
“So in terms of enforcement and prosecution, things have really, dramatically changed over the last six and half years and the creative industry should be well aware of that.
Ezekude also said that the commission's strategies in eradicating piracy remained the same.
He said that the commission would introduce new legislations to strengthen the fight against piracy in the country.
“The draft copyright bill is undergoing fine-tuning at the office of the Attorney General.
“We are hoping that with the new bill becoming a law, it will help to make the copyright industry more vibrant and encourage more creativity and it will address the issue of piracy on the internet.
“So these are the sort of things we are hoping to achieve in the next years so that the industry will become a more vibrant industry and contribute more to the economy and the GDP of the country.
NAN reports that the Copyright Decree No. 47 of 1988 established NCC in August 1989. (NAN)
Like this: Like Loading...
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. – Rough up Tom Brady, often and throughout the game, and you give yourself the best chance to knock off the Patriots.
That's the standard NFL belief, anyway.
And it's at the core of the biggest schematic question prior to Super Bowl LII: how often, and to what degree, can the Philadelphia Eagles' deep, talented pass rush mess up the rhythm of the 40-year-old quarterback and the New England Patriots' passing attack?
The Jacksonville Jaguars were sure they could do it in the AFC championship game. They brought the NFL's second-most prolific pass rush two weeks ago, but it tired late in the fourth quarter – as so often happens – and Brady thereafter threw with little bother or disruption.
Result? New England scored two touchdowns in the final 8:44 to earn their eighth Super Bowl berth this century.
Same deal in last year's Super Bowl, when the Patriots overcame that 28-3 deficit late in the third quarter to win 34-28 in overtime. The Falcons pass rush became utterly spent.
Before seeing what many of the principals told Postmedia this week about the match de l'annee you should know the players who comprise the most talented two-deep front-four in the NFL, as unleashed in Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz's relentlessly attacking 4-3 scheme.
The two backup ends have almost as many sacks as the starters. Starter Brandon Graham leads the team with 9.5 sacks, while Vinny Curry has three. Lead backups Chris Long and rookie Derek Barnett have five apiece, while third-stringer Steven Means had one.
Inside, Fletcher Cox (5.5 sacks) ranks among the NFL's most dangerous big-man penetrators. Tim Jernigan is the other starting tackle (2.5 sacks), who battled a temporary illness this week before practising fully on Friday. That twosome is backed up by Beau Allen (one sack), Destiny Vaeao and Elijah Qualls.
Having such talented starters and depth ought to allow the Eagles to effectively pressure Brady throughout.
“Well, that's the plan,” Schwartz said. “It's going to be tough to substitute players, because the Patriots are going to make it tough to substitute, with tempo and things like that.
“If we can stay fresh for four quarters, and we can keep bringing wave after wave of pass rushers at Brady – a little bit like bringing fastball pitchers out of the bullpen – we'll be able to be fresh and still rush well into the fourth quarter.”
Cox, the unit's only Pro Bowl selection, heaped much of the praise on Schwartz, who's completing his second year as Eagles defensive coordinator after a one-year stint in Buffalo, all after his head-coaching turn with the Detroit Lions from 2009-13.
“I think what makes our line stand out is, No. 1, you can find any D-lineman in the league and tell him Jim Schwartz is your new defensive coordinator, and he'd get excited,” Cox said. “The reason I say that is because they know, at the end of the day, Jim's only going to rush four guys. You're going to have four dogs in the game at all times. He believes in his four down guys and he stresses that a lot.”
It's not that the Eagles don't blitz with a fifth or even sixth pass rusher occasionally. They do. It's only that they do so about as infrequently as any team in the league.
To make it work, it's important that these linemen are in outstanding shape, Cox said.
“As far as our conditioning, each guy in that room knows what kind of shape we've got to be in,” he said. “When we went against offences that did no-huddle, it came down to just being calm. Not panicking. Just getting the call, and playing the next play.”
Eagles GM Howie Roseman added two key players last spring to make this scheme work so effectively. First with Long, a free-agent signee last March. Second with Barnett, the 14th overall draft pick last April.
“Having that wave (of backups to keep) guys fresh throughout the game is huge for us,” Roseman said, “because of how hard they rush and how hard they play. They're going up field all the time. We really have had this eight-man rotation throughout the year. That's Coach Schwartz, that's what he believes in. We were fortunate to get some players who fit that.”
As for the Patriots' views, Brady told reporters Thursday there won't “be an easy yard to gain” all day against this Eagles front.
“Their D-line is the best we've faced all year,” he said. “They are about eight guys deep. They all play. They play hard, they rush, they play the run. They're first in the league in rush defence.
“They're not going to tire out. Those guys haven't tired out all season. They've got enough depth at that position to rush hard on every play.”
The fact that Philadelphia finished second in the NFL in scoring offence, and won 13 of 16 regular-season games, compelled opponents to pass a lot in the second half, to try to catch up.
“That's when they tee off,” Brady said, “because they've got dynamic rushers inside and outside. They've got speed, they've got power, they've got awareness. They challenge you in every way.
“That's tough for any offence when they have dynamic pass rushers, but that's what we're dealing with, and we're going to have to do the best we can.”
What New England's offence – or any team's offence against any dangerous, deep pass rush – must do is stay on the field. The more snaps Eagle defenders play, the more likely they are to tire out – even if it takes a while.
Remember, in last year's Super Bowl, the key to the game was that the Patriots moved the ball well all game long, even if so many of their possessions in the first three quarters bogged down with only three points scored. By game's end, the Falcons defence was on the field for an astounding 93 plays.
As miked-up Falcons head coach Dan Quinn ruefully observed of his defenders from the Atlanta sideline, early in the fourth quarter, per an NFL Films production: “We're gassed.”
This season New England led the league in averaging 67.3 offensive plays per game.
And the Eagles?
“They lead the league in the fewest number of snaps allowed, in getting offences off the field the fastest. They're good,” Patriots offensive-line coach Dante Scarnecchia said.
There's your stark contrast.
Part of the reason the Patriots typically rank at or near the top of the league in offensive plays per game is that, going back 3-4 offensive coordinators, they love to go hurry-up occasionally. One of the benefits? More snaps run by the defence.
Is that a reason the Patriots go hurry-up?
“I'm not sure. Sometimes that might be true,” head coach Bill Belichick said, in his usual cheery, helpful manner when it comes to schematic revelations. “I wouldn't say that's always true. Whatever tempo you decide to go – fast, slow or somewhere in between – you try to do it to gain an advantage. If you can gain an advantage then that's why you do it, if you can't then you don't.”
Right.
Scarnecchia was a little more forthcoming.
“If you're able to keep the defence out there for 60, 70, 80 plays, it can only help you,” he said. “(Maximizing that number) is the theory behind going no-huddle, or hurry-up offence. It's to get defenders tired, wear them down and make them chase you all over the place.
“It all sounds good, but if you're in a hurry-up offence and go three-and-out, all you've done is take 40 seconds off the clock.”
Current Patriots offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels emphasized that point, too.
“We believe in using tempo,” he said. “We've done that all year intermittently. I always tell our guys that just because we play with tempo doesn't mean we're going to play well. We have to play well and use tempo at the same time.”
The challenge the Eagles pose in this regard is they led the league in 2017 in most three-and-outs forced, McDaniels said.
“Like, 40-something percentage of their opposing possessions have been three-and-outs,” he said. “You can see on film how they can be fresh, late.”
In this game, the only chance to countermand that is “for the play count to go up,” McDaniels said.
“You can't play the game in the 50s (snap count) and think that you're going to wear anybody down. You'd love to execute enough things offensively that you stay on the field, because if you keep making first downs and keep scoring, you can get the play count into the 70s, maybe even the 80s at times. But when you play against the best defence you've played against all year, obviously that's the challenge.
“We're going to go out there with the intention of possessing the ball, getting first downs, score when we can – and hopefully we can do that. We're excited to go out there and give it our best shot.”
BLITZ TO BEAT BRADY? WELL, EAGLES DON'T
Jim Schwartz has heard it his whole career. It's wrong, really, and he's probably the last NFL defensive coordinator to order one up.
The blitz, that is.
“I mean, that's every fan in the stands' answer: ‘You've gotta blitz! You've gotta blitz! You've gotta blitz!' ” the Philadelphia Eagles defensive coordinator said this week, prior to Super Bowl LII vs. New England on Sunday (6:30 p.m. EST, CTV/NBC).
“Really, they're not saying you've got to blitz seven guys, or six guys. What they're saying is you've got to pressure the quarterback. I think that's probably the No. 1 thing in the passing game. If you give any quarterback that's in the NFL time – time to read the defence, time to set his feet, time to make an accurate throw – you're not going to look good defensively.
“But if you take away those things, you're going to have some success. And the ability to do that without blitzing just adds another guy in coverage. There's only so many things you can do when you blitz, and most of them have to do with man coverage. If you can pressure with four, it just gives you the ability to do so many more things coverage-wise. And it can help you prevent some big plays. We haven't given up a whole lot of big plays.”
JoKryk@postmedia.com
@JohnKryk
SEOUL (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped on Thursday, weighed down by a surprise rise in U.S. crude inventories and by expectations that OPEC and other producers could increase output at a meeting in June.
Brent crude was down 20 cents at $77.30 per barrel at 0041 GMT, after settling the last session up 2.8 percent.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude was down 20 cents at $68.01 a barrel. In the previous session, it settled up $1.48, or 2.2 percent, at $68.21 per barrel.
U.S. crude inventories rose by 1 million barrels in the week to May 25 to 434.9 million barrels, according to data from industry group the American Petroleum Institute, although analysts had expected a decrease of 525,000 barrels. [API/S]
Data from the Energy Information Administration is due at 11 a.m. EDT (1500 GMT) on Thursday, a day later than usual due to a public holiday on Monday.
A possible production increase by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC members including Russia have been in focus, especially after Saudi Arabia, de facto leader of the oil cartel, and Russia have discussed boosting output by some 1 million barrels per day.
OPEC and some non-OPEC members have committed to curb their output by about 1.8 million barrels per day until the end of 2018, and they will meet in Vienna on June 22 whether or not their commitment should remain unchanged.
"With the OPEC meeting still another three weeks away, oil prices are likely to remain sensitive to headlines," ANZ bank said in a note.
A Gulf source familiar with the thinking of Saudi Arabia said OPEC and its allies aim to continue their agreement to cut oil output by the end of this year but are ready to make gradual adjustments to offset any supply shortfall.
(Reporting by Jane Chung; Editing by Joseph Radford)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Russia threw its weight behind China's massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.
NEW DELHI: Russia threw its weight behind China's massive Belt and Road plan to build trade and transport links across Asia and beyond, suggesting to India on Monday that it find a way to work with Beijing on the signature project.
India is strongly opposed to an economic corridor that China is building in Pakistan that runs through disputed Kashmir as part of the Belt and Road initiative.
India was the only country that stayed away from a May summit hosted by Chinese President Xi Jinping to promote the plan to build railways, ports and power grids in a modern-day recreation of the Silk Road.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said New Delhi should not let political problems deter it from joining the project, involving billions of dollars of investment, and benefiting from it.
Lavrov was speaking in the Indian capital after a three-way meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj at which, he said, India's reservations over the Chinese project were discussed.
"I know India has problems, we discussed it today, with the concept of One Belt and One Road, but the specific problem in this regard should not make everything else conditional to resolving political issues," he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Russia, all the countries in central Asia, and European nations had signed up to the Chinese project to boost economic cooperation, he said.
"Those are the facts," he said. "India, I am 100 percent convinced, has enough very smart diplomats and politicians to find a way which would allow you to benefit from this process."
The comments by Russia, India's former Cold War ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge U.S.-led dominance of global affairs.
But substantial differences between India and China, mainly over long-standing border disputes, have snuffed out prospects of any real cooperation among the three.
India, in addition, has drawn closer to the United States in recent years, buying weapons worth billions of dollars to replace its largely Soviet-origin military.
Swaraj said the three countries had very productive talks on economic issues and the fight against terrorism.
(Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Today's post is a hauntingly beautiful poem from my new friend, Cori-Lynn Noddin. She has a powerful presence and voice both in person and in her writing:
I am asked.
I am asked
More often then I like.
I have no infinite wisdom on addiction.
Frankly, if I did I would have “saved” the one I loved from the grips of its destruction. But, I am asked.
I am asked questions I no longer want to answer. I am asked for help as if there is a great and powerful Oz, hidden from wives and mothers and girlfriends and I must know some secret password. I am asked.
For a brief moment, I will forget. I will forget that I have never done drugs, and yet without hesitation I can tell you drugs have had the largest impact on my life above all other, beside my own son. I almost forget. Until, I am asked.
I have been asked where I found the courage? How this? When that? I, matter of factly, will answer what I consider to be foolish questions. I will hope that they ask the right ones. But, they will not.
I am also asked, from a seat of judgement. How and why? I am asked. And, I know these people are not asking to know. Or understand. Or care. But, I am asked.
Today is Thursday. And this morning, I was asked.
My answer will always be the same.
So, you no longer need to ask.
#live #hope
Volkswagen AG's luxury unit Audi said on Tuesday that it was recalling 1.16 million vehicles worldwide because of concerns that an electric coolant pump could overheat or short-circuit from moisture within the pump and pose a fire risk.
WASHINGTON: Volkswagen AG's luxury unit Audi said on Tuesday that it was recalling 1.16 million vehicles worldwide because of concerns that an electric coolant pump could overheat or short-circuit from moisture within the pump and pose a fire risk.
Audi told U.S. regulators the recall covers some 2013-2017 Audi A5 Cabriolet, A5 Sedan and Audi Q5 vehicles, 2012-2015 Audi A6 vehicles and 2013-2016 Audi A4 Sedan and A4 Allroad vehicles with 2.0-liter Turbo FSI engines.
A spokesman for Audi in Germany, Udo Ruegheimer, said the recall covered 1.16 million vehicles worldwide.
Audi said the pump can become blocked with debris from the cooling system, adding that there had been no reports of injuries or crashes related to the issue.
Dealers will replace the pumps but the company did not say when parts will become available, according to a filing with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration in the United States.
The recall covers 342,000 vehicles in the United States, NHTSA said. The company said it did not have a breakdown by country of the remaining affected vehicles.
Advertisement
Advertisement
This is the second Audi recall related to the pump issue.
In January 2017, Audi recalled the same group of vehicles in the United States to update the software so that the power supply to the coolant pump would be deactivated if the pump became blocked with debris.
(Reporting by David Shepardson, Editing by Rosalba O'Brien)
LAHORE - Applications from groups and individuals interested in PITB's Plan9 Technology Incubator 10th Launchpad will be received by June 20.
According to the Punjab Information Technology Board (PITB) spokesman, this time it will be a weeklong event in Lahore that will kick off with the two-day Makeathon on July 17, followed by three days of startup trainings and workshops leading into the pitch competition from July 19 to 23.
To apply for the Launchpad, startups must be 18 years of age Pakistani citizens from all over Pakistan.
In case a startup is selected for incubation and the founder(s) and/or team members reside outside Lahore, they will have to relocate to Lahore for six months. One applicant/startup can only apply with one idea. Startups need to have a product-based business idea. There's no lower-limit for years of education for the founder(s) and team member(s). The startup can be in any domain related to technology such as Consumer Tech (e-commerce), EdTech (Education Tech), FinTech (Finance Tech), HealthTech, AdTech, IoT (Internet of Things), SaaS (Software as a Service), Mobile App, Web App, Hardware. There is a five-step procedure to get inducted into Plan9, which includes acceptance of online applications, short-listing of selected teams, invitation to shortlisted teams to attend the Plan9 Launchpad, rating by panel of judges and selection of the top scoring teams for incubation.
Plan9 is all set for the upcoming 10th episode of its flagship event, The Launchpad. Plan9 is the pioneer of technology incubation in Pakistan operating along the lines of Silicon Valley.
Plan9 has graduated more than 130 startups since its inception.
Its startups are evaluated at more than $70 million, have raised a gross investment of over and above $2.5 million and created more than 1,000 jobs across Pakistan.
The Launchpad is held twice a year, consisting of screening, workshops, talks and final presentations replicated in three major cities of Pakistan - Lahore, Islamabad and Karachi.
OUR STAFF REPORTER
SINGAPORE: Ingestible tracking technology could be used to ensure patients do not become addicted to painkillers such as opioids, according to an online article published in MIT Technology Review on Dec 11.
The ingestible trackers from EtectRx, which contain a sensor and medication to track drug-use patterns, were tested by 15 patients from Brigham and Women's Hospital in London with acute fractures. They were instructed to take one or two 5mg oxycodone (a type of opioid) digital pills every six to eight hours as needed for pain, and return the unused pills after seven days.
Each pill has a unique radiofrequency emitter and a gelatin capsule containing an oxycodone tablet. When the capsule dissolves, the medication is released and the emitter, activated. The patients also wear a patch on their abdomen that is attached to an iPod-sized reader which stores data on pill ingestion.
The results of the study, which were published in the December issue of Anesthesia & Analgesia, found that the patients self-administered opioids to manage pain for only a brief period and only took a fraction of the number of pills they were given.
"It is fascinating to see this technology literally live and in action, especially in light of recent data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention about the risk of long-term opioid addiction in patients who have even short courses of oxycodone,” said corresponding author Dr Peter Chai of the Brigham and Women's Hospital's Division of Medical Toxicology.
"The findings of our pilot study indicate that most patients stopped taking their prescription opioid after only a brief period, even among patients with fractures that required surgical management,” he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“We would hope that one day, the reader would become integrated into wearables that people use every day - think the watch band of the Apple Watch, or the case of your smartphone,” Dr Chai said on MIT Tech Review.
“That would really allow the reader to start to meld into the everyday life of patients.”
Associate Professor Larissa Mooney, director of the UCLA Addiction Medicine Clinic, is not convinced yet that digital pills could be used to prevent or treat addiction.
“This will only work if people agree to and consent to being monitored. Somebody who doesn't want to have their every dose recorded could refuse this medicine, so there are always going to be limitations,” she said.
I guess I've given the answer to the title question before, but not explicitly. Adam Laats has raised it in a new post on his website I love you but you're going to hell: Awkward Conversations about school and society. The relevant post is “Does Jerry Coyne support creationism?” Laats describes himself as “an historian interested in culture and education in the United States. He taught middle- and high school for ten years in sunny Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He now teaches at Binghamton University (State University of New York).” His profile's at the second link.
Laat's beef seems to be this: if I, Professor Ceiling Cat Emeritus, favor free speech on college campuses, why don't I favor free speech in the classroom? The example he has in mind is the teaching of creationism in science classes, which I oppose. Aren't I, then, a hypocrite (or at least inconsistent) to allow free speech by Steve Bannon about matters that could be far more harmful than the teaching of creationism in biology class? Why aren't both “free speech”? Why do I find U of C faulty and students who want to censor Bannon “reprehensible”, but have no quarrel with those who want to keep classrooms creationism-free?
Before I answer those questions—and the answers are no-brainers—I have to say that I'm puzzled about why Laats criticizes me. For he says in his essay that he agrees with me on all counts: “almost all speakers should be allowed to speak on university campuses”, and creationism should not be taught in the classroom, even under the so-called “academic freedom” laws designed to sneak God into science class in the guise of “critical thinking.” So if we both agree, what is Laat's beef? Why did he write that post.
I think the answer is two-fold. First, he says “maybe I'm just mad because [Coyne] poked fun at ‘humanities' types like me.” Well, I'm not sure what kind of “humanities type” Laats is. If he's just a regular scholar (he's in the Department of Teaching, Learning & Educational Leadership), one engaged in decent scholarship, I have no quarrel with him or his endeavors. My love of the humanities in general is well established. But if he's an obscurantist postmodernist who writes trivial and impenetrable stuff about the whiteness of pumpkins and the like, then, yes, I've poked fun at that “type.” But that, of course, is completely irrelevant to his arguments.
The other beef I discern is this (my emphasis):
When I (and maybe Prof. Coyne would join me) argue against such creationist free speech laws [the “critical thinking” bills that have been proposed in several states', our motives and goals are not “reprehensible.” We are trying to protect a vital idea—that mainstream science and creationist alternatives are not merely equally valuable scientific understandings. Academic freedom for instructors and free speech for students doesn't include the right to teach and preach worse science as if it were equal science. People are certainly free to speak their minds about creationism, but schools do not have to pay people to engage in that kind of speech. Given all that, I don't understand why Coyne is so quick to bash his Chicago colleagues. Sure, he may disagree with them, but he should recognize his own objections to some purported “free speech” claims. If he did, he would likely have a different take on the “reprehensible” actions of his Bannon-busting colleagues.
I still don't understand. I do not recognize creationists' desire to teach goddy stuff in the classroom as a “free speech” claim. The courts have, in fact, repeatedly recognized that teaching creationism in schools violates the very amendment that protects free speech: the First Amendment. Besides protecting public speech, that Amendment also prohibits the entanglement of government with religion. Creationism has been banned in public school classes time after time, and for the same reason: it's the unconstitutional promulgation of particular religious views in an arm of the government (the schools). When I went after Eric Hedin, who taught Christian views in a science seminar at Ball State University (a pubic school), it was on First Amendment grounds. And, indeed, he was eventually prohibited from teaching any more creationism—a result that won me the Discovery Institute's “Censor of the Year” award.
As for teaching other lies in the classroom, well, yes, I oppose them, but not on constitutional grounds. If someone taught alchemy in chemistry class, I'd be against that, too, but I wouldn't call the FFRF on them, for it's not religion. It's just awful teaching. And the responsibility to police bad teaching (including lying) in the classroom rests with the school or university alone, not with the courts. That doesn't mean, though, that I wouldn't let the relevant people know about it if I thought they didn't. I'd have to take it on a case by case basis. Hedin's actions, however, were reported to the FFRF, which threatened Ball State with legal action.
That's why I would fight tooth and nail to keep creationism out of a public school or university classroom (including my own University, which is private), but wouldn't try to ban a creationist speaker hosted by my own University. When someone in physics invited William Dembski to speak here in 2014, I expressed my concern, but didn't try to get his invitation rescinded.
In fact, when Laats ponders my so-called dichotomy of behavior, and tries to find out why I favor free speech for speakers but not teachers pushing creationism, he hits on the correct reason:
Professor Coyne might object that Hedin taught religious ideas as science.
But then he responds inaccurately:
Surely Prof. Coyne knows better than me how difficult it is to articulate a simple definition of “science.” Shouldn't scholars have the freedom to explore those boundaries?
But it doesn't matter what the definition of “science” is: the First Amendment prohibits pushing religion in the classroom, and creationism is religion. Scholars don't have the right to “explore” the role of God in the history of life. As I said, I'd object to scholars lying to their students, but would try to take legal action only against lies that violate the Constitution. The courts have defined what “free speech” means, and it doesn't mean pulling down the wall between church and state.
So I'm baffled by Laats's piece, especially since we agree on all counts. I can only guess that this is some kind of confusing tirade against me for criticizing the humanities. But I only criticize one species of humanities!
So it goes.
h/t: To a reader who gave me this link, whose name I've lost. Please email me and I'll give the appropriate credit.
REUTERS: JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce firm, posted a wider net loss in the second quarter as marketing costs offset higher-than-forecast revenue growth, sending its shares sharply lower on Monday.
China's main rival to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said its net loss attributable to shareholders grew to 496.4 million yuan (US$74 million) from 252.3 million a year earlier.
JD.com stock was down 5.1 percent in morning trading in New York, despite revenue expanding 43.6 percent to 93.2 billion yuan, well above its forecast range of between 88 billion and 90.5 billion.
Marketing expenses rose 63 percent to 4.1 billion yuan, mostly due to the company's June sale event, "618", which is China's second-largest online shopping event after Singles' Day.
"It is becoming the new normal for sure ... marketing dollars mostly are spent on incentive to our customers", said CFO Sidney Huang on a call with investors, noting the group would have netted a profit in the past quarter if it had kept marketing budgets in line with last year.
JD is looking to expand via investments in southeast Asia as competition intensifies at home while customer growth slows. It is also seeking to boost per-customer spend in China by bringing more overseas brands on to its local platforms.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In June JD said it intends to begin direct sales in Thailand before year end and has plans to tap other markets in the region. It expanded a partnership with Wal-Mart Stores Inc during the second quarter and invested US$397 million in fashion retailer Farfetch UK Ltd.
Huang also said the firm has plans to launch a luxury platform later this year, following the launch of JD.com's "white glove" delivery service earlier this year.
The firm expects third-quarter revenue of between 81.8 billion yuan and 84.2 billion, up 36 to 40 percent from the same quarter in 2016.
JD also said it had completed the spin-off of JD Finance, which analysts expect will have long-term benefits for its operating margin. JD Finance is now a fully Chinese-owned entity, giving it greater regulatory freedom.
JD.com also completed the internal separation of its logistics unit, which will look to serve more third-party clients.
The total value of merchandise transactions on JD's platforms was 234.8 billion yuan during the quarter, up 46 percent.
JD booked a net loss of 0.35 yuan per American depository share, compared with a loss of 0.18 yuan a year earlier.
(US$1 = 6.6695 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Cate Cadell in Beijing and Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Christopher Cushing and David Holmes)
* Hebei says not planning extension of steel output curbs
* But sources say Tangshan looking to keep curbs after winter
By Manolo Serapio Jr
MANILA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Chinese steel futures ticked higher on Friday amid news that China's top steelmaking city is looking at extending production curbs beyond winter, even as the government of the province where it is located said it had no such plans.
Three sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that Tangshan city in Hebei province is discussing keeping the restrictions after the winter heating season ends.
China has ordered steel mills to reduce output by up to half from Nov. 15 to March 15 as part of the country's campaign against air pollution. Hebei's provincial government on Thursday denied reports it had sought an extension.
The most-active rebar contract for May delivery on the Shanghai Futures Exchange was up 0.2 percent at 3,949 yuan ($629) a tonne by 0323 GMT.
A potential extension of steel production curbs in Tangshan “would mean a much tighter market,” said Daniel Meng, analyst at CLSA in Hong Kong.
Tangshan produces 12 percent of China's steel and just cutting its output by a quarter would mean reducing national output by 3 percent, Meng said.
”That 3 percent is quite big in today's steel market because without any curtailment in the normal months like in July-October last year, the market was already very tight and margins were about 1,000 yuan (per tonne).
“You cut production by another 3 percent and margins will remain very high for a longer period,” Meng said.
The most-traded May iron ore contract on the Dalian Commodity Exchange climbed 1.3 percent to 514.50 yuan a tonne, rebounding from Thursday's intraday low of 503.50 yuan, the weakest since Dec. 15.
“I think it was just a technical recovery,” said an iron ore trader in Shanghai. “But we should see prices under pressure again as we're getting close to the holidays and trading activity will slow down.”
Many workers in China began returning home this week, he said, ahead of the week-long Lunar New Year holiday that starts on Feb. 15.
“We heard many mills in Tangshan are running at half their capacity and are starting to be on skeletal workforce,” the trader said.
Iron ore for delivery to China's Qingdao port .IO62-CNO=MB was little changed at $72.88 a tonne on Thursday, according to Metal Bulletin. The spot benchmark has lost 2 percent so far this week, on course for a third weekly fall.
GELENDZHIK, Russia: Sweden have flown under the radar all the way to the quarter-finals where they aim to use their solidity as a unit to put a stop to English dreams of a first World Cup victory since 1966 in Samara on Saturday.
After leading his side through a light workout following their 1-0 Round of 16 victory over Switzerland, captain Andreas Granqvist said his team have no secrets ahead of the clash with England, who beat Colombia 4-3 on penalties on Tuesday.
Advertisement
"They have seen that we are a very strong team, we play together as a collective, we defend as a team with the whole team, we attack as a team. We're really solid, we don't let the opponent get so many chances," Granqvist told reporters.
"We know we are good on the set pieces, we know we have good counter-attack football. They have seen our game, they have seen our group stage and how we play and I think they have big respect for us."
The 33-year-old centre back, who has already scored twice from the penalty spot in Russia, does not expect much of a change from the defensive tactics his side have used to get this far.
"I think we have to look at our squad and we have to look at the opponent's squad. Normally the other team has better players on paper and we let them have the ball in the places we want them to have the ball," he explained.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The team returned to their Black Sea base at Gelendzhik directly after defeating the Swiss and missed watching the England game on TV, but coach Janne Andersson and his support staff have already begun analysing Gareth Southgate's side.
Sweden midfielder Albin Ekdal had a scan on a twisted ankle on Wednesday and Mikael Lustig is suspended for the tie against England but changes in personnel are likely to have little effect on the Swedish game plan.
"If you look at the games we have played, the opponent has had more ball possession than we have but we have created more chances, more dangerous chances," Granqvist said.
"This is how we play, this is what we need to do, this is our strength, and we also need to see our quality against other strong teams. This is the way for us to have success, and we're going to continue this way," he added.
Wednesday at The Little Fleet, the inaugural event for the Traverse City Author's group, “A Celebration of Story”.
Traverse City Authors have been meeting for about a year and they wanted to give back to the community.
It was a chance for authors to break the mold of what you would normally think of for a book signing.
Authors mingled with guests throughout the night hoping to inspire others and celebrate the art of storytelling.
“There's just been a big movement lately to shop local and eat local and I think a big part of that can also be to read local, so to support your local artists and authors and just make sure this is a vibrant cultural community,” said Lisa Maxbauer Price, a Traverse City children's book author.
There was a Michigan author trivia game, food trucks, and live story telling.
Ankara: Seven Turkish soldiers were killed in Turkey's offensive against Kurdish militia inside Syria, including five who died in a single attack on a tank, the army said.
The losses marked the highest toll in one day for the Turkish military in operation "Olive Branch", launched on 20 January against Syrian Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) militia seen by Ankara as a terror group.
Saturday's attack on the tank, details of which were not disclosed, was also the single deadliest attack on the military of the offensive so far.
The latest clashes brought to 14 the number of Turkish troops killed so far in operation.
The Turkish army and allied Ankara-backed Syrian rebel forces are seeking to oust the YPG from its western border stronghold of Afrin but the operation so far has been marked by fierce clashes.
The army said that one of the soldiers was killed in a clash and another on the border area, without giving further details.
In a later statement, it added a Turkish army tank had been hit in another attack, killing all five servicemen inside.
A previous statement said one serviceman was killed and another wounded in that attack.
In retaliation, Turkish war planes carried out air strikes on the area from where the attack was carried out, destroying shelters and munitions dumps, it added.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Thursday the Turkish army and Ankara-backed rebels had suffered 25 fatalities between them in the operation so far.
Meanwhile, seven civilians have been killed in mortar fire on the Turkish side of the border that Ankara blames on the YPG.
Ankara says that major progress has been made in the 15-day operation, with almost 900 YPG fighters killed so far although it is not possible to verify these figures.
Erdoğan sought to reassure France's Emmanuel Macron over the operation, telling the French leader it was aimed against "terror elements" and that Ankara had no eye on Syrian territory.
Macron had incensed Turkish officials by saying in a newspaper interview last week that France would have a "real problem" with the campaign if it turned out to be an "invasion operation".
During the phone call, "the two presidents agreed to work on a diplomatic roadmap in Syria in the coming weeks", the Elysee Palace said in a statement.
Erdoğan said in a speech that the Turkish forces were beginning to take mountain positions and would now head towards Afrin itself. "There is not much to go," he said.
Erdoğan's spokesman Ibrahim Kalin meanwhile told journalists in Istanbul that the operation was going as planned but there was no timetable for its duration and it would "continue until we clear all those areas".
But analysts and monitors say Turkey so far has taken control of limited clumps of territory around the border without yet approaching Afrin town.
Turkey says the YPG is an offshoot of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) which has waged a three-decade insurgency against the Turkish state.
However, the YPG has been working closely with the United States to fight the Islamic State extremist group in Syria.
The offensive by Washington's fellow NATO member Ankara on a US-allied force has even raised fears of a military confrontation between two alliance powers.
Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud Salma will launch the construction of an entertainment city near Riyadh today, authorities said as part of a series of multi-billion dollar projects by the kingdom to diversity its oil-reliant economy. The 334-square kilometer project in Qiddiya, southwest of Riyadh, would rival Walt Disney World and include high-end theme parks, motor sport facilities and a safari park, officials say.
The facility highlights a "relentless effort to develop 'giga projects' that will help achieve many direct and indirect economic returns," project official Fahd bin Abdullah Tounsi was quoted as saying in a government statement on Monday. Qiddiya Chief Executive Michael Reininger said he expects the project will draw foreign investors in entertainment and other sectors but did not specify the total cost of construction. Such projects are the brainchild of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman a self-styled agent of change who is the chief architect of the sweeping "Vision 2030" reform program.
Saudi Arabia has dazzled investors with several plans for hi-tech "giga projects," funded in part by its sovereign wealth fund, but some skeptics question their viability in an era of cheap oil.
The kingdom has unveiled blueprints to build NEOM, a mega project billed as a regional Silicon Valley, in addition to the Red Sea project, a reef-fringed resort destination, both worth hundreds of billions of dollars. Analysts say the projects could create funding pressures at a time when the government faces a yawning budget deficit and growth in the kingdom's non-oil economy is only slowly gathering pace. The reform stems partly from an economic motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom has been reeling from an oil slump since 2014. Saudis currently splurge billions of dollars annually to see films and visit amusement parks in neighboring tourist hubs like Dubai and Bahrain. In February, Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority (GEA) announced it will stage more than 5,000 festivals and concerts in 2018, double the number of last year, and pump $64 billion in the sector in the coming decade.
Mitchell Pearce believes that defence is what could win the Roosters another NRL premiership. (AAP)
Sydney Roosters halfback Mitchell Pearce says if they're to win the NRL title it will come on the back of defence.
Mitchell Pearce has called for the Sydney Roosters to resurrect the Bondi wall if they're to claim the NRL premiership.
The Roosters are coming off back-to-back losses but were heartened they could go toe-to-toe with title favourites Melbourne in last weekend's 16-13 loss at AAMI Park.
The Storm have established themselves as the team to beat on the back of their staunch defensive work, which has seen them concede the least points (312) and the least linebreaks (72) all year.
"Defence is the biggest thing," Pearce said.
"You don't win the comp unless your defence is in the top two. I think at the moment we've done a good job of that.
"When the pressure comes on, that's when it really matters.
"Defence is a big part of it for us as a team. Any success we've had in the finals before has been built of the back of our defence."
Their 2013 premiership win was built on their work without the ball when they let in just 325 points during the regular rounds - 41 less than their nearest rivals.
Their loss to the Storm knocked them out of the top two but they point out they conceded just one try and another penalty try against the league's best team.
Heading into Saturday's showdown with the struggling Wests Tigers, Pearce said he felt like the Roosters were building heading into the finals.
"The Cowboys game... the way we finished and then on the weekend, we showed we can play finals footy and we're every chance to have a crack," Pearce said.
THE BONDI WALL
How the Sydney Roosters' defence stacks up this year
* Points conceded - 380 (4th)
* Penalties conceded - 135 (8th)
* Run metres conceded - 30,378 (12th)
* Linebreaks conceded - 93 (9th)
* Missed tackles - 567 (8th)
