Russian President Vladimir Putin won a landslide re-election victory on Sunday, garnering 76.7 percent of the vote with more than 99 percent of precincts reporting.
Addressing his supporters at a victory rally in Moscow, Putin said the election result was a recognition of what had been achieved in the past few years, despite difficult conditions.
He said Russia had a great future ahead of it, so long as its people stayed united.
Read more: Putin's certain victory: What you need to know about the Russian presidential election
Turnout lower than previous elections
Communist candidate Pavel Grudinin is set to secure the second place followed by ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky, who is on track to a third place finish.
Turnout was reportedly 67 percent, which would be higher than at Putin's last electoral victory in 2012.
Analysts believed Putin had been aiming for a high voter turnout to secure a clear mandate for his fourth term in office.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power KGB cadet Born in St.Petersburg in 1952, Putin's signed up with the Soviet intelligence agency the KGB right out of law school in 1975. His first assignment was to monitor foreign nationals and consulate employees in his home city, then called Leningrad. He was then assigned to Dresden, East Germany. He reportedly burned hundreds of KGB files after the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Political mentor On the left, a young Putin can be seen standing next to then-St.Petersburg Mayor Anatoly Sobchak. Sobchak had been a professor of Putin's, who appointed him to be an advisor on international affairs. Despite a corruption scandal early in his tenure, Putin's friendship with Sobchak kept him from losing his job.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Meteoric rise Putin quickly leapt from St.Petersburg to Moscow. In 1997, President Boris Yeltsin gave Putin a mid-level position on his staff — a position Putin would use to cultivate important political friendships that would serve him in the decades to come.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Death of a friend Putin was deeply affected by Anatoly Sobchak's death in 2000. After the apprentice outstripped his teacher politically, Sobchak became a vocal early proponent of Putin's bid for the presidency. A year earlier, Putin used his political connections to have fraud allegations against Sobchak dropped, the beginning of a pattern for friends of the former spy.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Temporary president In June 2000, Boris Yeltsin stepped down, leaving his prime minister to become interim leader. As he was running for his sucessful presidential campaign, Putin's corruption allegations from his time on the city government in St.Petersburg resurfaced. Marina Salye, the lawmaker who brought up the claims, was silenced and forced to leave the city.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Tandemocracy When Putin was constitutionally barred from running for a third consecutive term in 2008, his Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev ran in his stead. When Medvedev was elected, his appointed Putin as premier. This led to criticism of a "tandemocracy," in Moscow, with many people believing that Medvedev was Putin's puppet.
Vladimir Putin: The Road to Power Victory In March 2018, Vladimir Putin was elected to his fourth term as president. Because the presidential term has been extended, this means Putin will be in power for the next six years. However, the election was marred by a lack of opposition to the incumbent, as well as allegations of vote tampering and ballot-stuffing. Author: Elizabeth Schumacher
'Alarming' irregularities
Golos, Russia's most independent election monitoring group, said it received dozens of complaints, reporting more than 2,500 electoral irregularities and violations across the country. The issues included several ballot boxes hidden from view of observation cameras and last-minute changes to voter registration lists.
Read more: Vladimir Putin is counting on female turnout
The group said Saturday it had registered an "alarming" rise in complaints about employers forcing or pressuring their workers to vote as part of an apparent effort by authorities to boost the turnout and hand Putin a clear mandate.
Russia's Central Election Commission said on Sunday it was responding to 670 claims of violations, including ballot stuffing.
Watch video 07:18 Russia vote - An analysis by Emily Sherwin and Sarah Pagung
France dismisses Crimea results
France became the first Western country to openly criticize the vote, saying it would not recognize the results in Crimea due to Russia's illegal occupation of the peninsula.
"Challenging borders by force is contrary to international law, including commitments made by the Russian Federation," said the French foreign ministry, adding that it was "concerned by the militarization" in the region as well as human rights abuses.
The polls are taking place four years to the day since Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine.
DW's Russia correspondent, Miodrag Soric, was turned away from a polling station in Kazan as he tried to report on the election.
However, he was allowed to film at another voting center, just five minutes away.
Getting people to the polls
Critics alleged that officials had compelled people to come to polling booths to ensure that the one-sided contest did not prompt people to stay at home.
On Russia's Pacific coast, in the Khabarovsk region, local officials brought eggs, tinned peas, and frozen pike to be sold at a discount of between 10 and 30 percent to voters at polling stations.
"By doing this we hope to attract voters to the polling stations and we think we can increase turnout," said Nikolai Kretsu, chairman of the consumer market committee in the regional administration. "The second objective is to strengthen allegiance towards the authorities."
Read more: Khodorkovsky: Nobody knows where Putin will drag Russia
Putin, who campaigned under the slogan "a strong president, a strong Russia," on Friday appealed to Russians to "use their right to choose the future for the great Russia that we all love."
At the same time, he warned that failing to cast a ballot would mean that "this decisive choice will be made without your opinion taken into account."
In the run-up to the polls, Putin pledged to raise wages, inject more funding into healthcare and education and to modernize dilapidated infrastructure.
Russia's last presidential elections in 2012 saw protests across the country against Putin's return as head of state. The vote was marred by allegations of fraud. The country's opposition movement also made a strong showing.
Vladimir Putin has campaigned as the only candidate "strong" enough to protect Russia from perceived threats
Navalny boycotts vote
Putin's most vocal critic, opposition leader Alexei Navalny, was barred from taking part in the race because of a criminal conviction that many believe to be politically motivated.
Navalny said he had boycotted the presidential election and urged other Russians to do the same.
"On election day, one should usually want to say 'I voted,' but in fact I'm here to say that I didn't go to vote," he said in a video posted on YouTube.
Read more: Where is the Russian economy headed?
amp,ap,ls,nm/se (AP, AFP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Pineapples, plants, a painter and lobsters - Gabrielle Fagan reveals her pick of the quirkiest on-trend homeware accessories to snap up now.
Your home space should be as on-trend as your wardrobe. And just as one well-chosen accessory can update an outfit, one on-trend piece of homeware can be all it takes to bring a room bang-up-to-date.
It's all about ringing the changes every so often, so spaces don't look stale but fresh and contemporary. Right now, this means it's time to embrace pineapples, a flamboyant Mexican artist, plants and lobsters – and then use them with a light touch and stand back and wait for the compliments on your style credentials.
These items won't break the bank either – but they'll definitely punch above their weight when it comes to impact…
Pick a punchy pineapple
Pineapple Print 12-piece Dinner Det, £20, George Home (George Home/PA)
This is the must-have fruit for rooms, and suits our growing passion for all things tropical.
“Pineapples have always been a symbol of hospitality and have historically been associated with the mysteries and flavours of the tropics. Some aspects of that still carry forward to today, making pineapples a bold, chic choice to decorate your home with flair,” says Rebecca Snowden, interior style advisor, Furniture Choice.
“Their distinctive shape and tall crowns make them a perfect choice for a playful print with lots of character – a feature wall covered in pineapple wallpaper is a cheerful addition to the home, great for the living room, kitchen, or even an entryway,” she adds. “Their sweet, kitschy appeal allows them to be utilised in unexpected ways, such as pineapple bookends, cushions, and even candleholders.” If you've really fallen for the fruit, Wallsauce's Pink Pineapple Wall Mural, from £26 per square metre, would make a statement.
(L-R) Yellow Ceramic Pineapple, £30, Gisela Graham; Pineapple Outdoor Cushion, £12.50, Wyevale Garden Centres (in-store only); Butterfly Home by Matthew Williamson Bronze Pineapple Lantern, £18, Debenhams; Pineapple Pouffe – Black & White, £95, Sweetpea & Willow (Gisela Graham/Wyevale Garden Centres/Debenhams/Sweetpea & Willow/PA)
DECOR TIP: To make this look your own, experiment with colour. For a lighter touch, play with bright, neon colours, and for more sophistication, consider a metallic finish, such as gold or bronze.
Follow the fashion for Frida
The Jan Constantine Frida Kahlo Cushion – Black, £145, Jan Constantine (Jan Constantine/PA)
Mexican artist Frida Kahlo's face is being splashed all over homeware right now, while her colourful and compelling life is being celebrated with an exhibition at the V&A London (June 16-November 4).
“If you're looking to bring vibrancy and interest to your home, the vivid image of artist, Frida Kahlo, will add fiesta colour and lashings of character,” says Nadia McCowan Hill, Wayfair's resident style advisor.
“Having survived illness and an accident in her youth, Kahlo's bold and unflinching image has come to symbolise triumph over pain and powerful feminism, making her an empowering addition to any interior. She's often depicted with flowers in her hair against of backdrop of lush greenery, bold blooms and folky motifs, which give her image a boldly bohemian vibe.”
(L-R) Abrams Braided Armchair by Latitude Vive, £269.99, Wayfair; Frida Kahlo Picture, currently reduced to £50 from £55, Alexander & Pearl; Frida Kahlo Stainless Steel Tumbler, £9, Ian Snow; Sugar Skull Cushion, currently reduced to £4.80 from £6, George Home (Wayfair/Alexander & Pearl/Ian Snow/George Home/PA)
DECOR TIP: To capture the spirit of the artist, style a Frida Kahlo art print against a kaleidoscope of colour and pattern. Handwoven and handmade homeware add an authentic sense of craftsmanship, and combined with colourful cushions and fresh flowers, you'll conjure a carnival atmosphere. Mexican ‘Day of the Dead' motifs are also appropriate.
Fake it with foliage
Bali Garden Chair and Footstool, £399, Next (Next/PA)
Foliage and succulents – those fleshy leaved plants including cacti – are the go-to green accessories this year – and if you lack ‘green fingers', just opt for those ultra-realistic and perfect-in-every-detail artificial versions.
“For me, plants magically transform spaces, add texture, and are a game changer when it comes to enlivening surfaces,” says designer Abigail Ahern, whose Abigail Ahern/Edition collection at Debenhams includes faux succulents and plants.
“Faux plants are even better, as they're pet-friendly and add a punch to any surface. Faux plants and flowers add colour, shape and life to a room, and like artwork, they are another powerful tool in your decorating arsenal. Needless to say, I am a little bit obsessed!”
(L-R) Kaemingk – Artificial Cactus in Ceramic Pot, £25 each, Debenhams; Set of 3 Marble Effect Succulent Pots, £18, Next; Elephant Planters, £40-£70 each, Next; Succulents Glass Terrarium, £10, George Home (Debenhams/Next/George Home/PA)
DECOR TIP: Too many hard angles and straight lines in a room can make a space uncomfortable – so follow interior designers, who often use plants and trees to soften corners, as they add such beautiful focal points. Remember to vary the tone of green and mix feathery, shiny, matte and prickly all together to get the most intoxicating foliage effects.
Shell out for lobsters
Lobster Wallpaper, £150 a roll, Oostor.com (Oostor/PA)
The fishy trend for lobsters first swam to the surface in the spring fashion collections, and now they're getting their claws into home decor.
“Who can forget when flamingo fashion came on the scene? Those flamboyant birds appeared on everything from fabrics to wallpaper, but now lobsters are pinching their space,” says Alison Hughes, co-founder of lifestyle homeware brand, Cream Cornwall.
“These bright red crustaceans have a similar appeal to flamingos – because they're so iconic and distinctive. We have them decorating lampshades, cushions and tableware, and they're really enjoying a moment in the sun currently. We predict more and more people will fall for lobster loveliness.”
(L-R) Lampshade – Orange Lobster, from £72, Cream Cornwall; Klevering Round Plate – Lobster, £27.50 Printer & Tailor; Lobster Ivory & Red Indoor/Outdoor Pillow, £78, Dash & Albert; Crab & Lobster Ornament, £13.75, The Contemporary Home (Cream Cornwall/Printer & Tailor; Dash & Albert Europe; The Contemporary Home/PA)
DECOR TIP: Make a statement with a lobster print or decoration, if you're fishing for compliments on your decor credentials. Alternatively, conjure a touch of coastal cool by featuring the theme in tableware and a collection of cushions.
© Press Association 2018
MILAN, March 30 Italian consumer electronics retailer Unieuro has cut to 11 euros a share the indicative price for its initial share offering ahead of its closing later on Thursday, two market sources said.
The shop chain had initially set the price range for its IPO at between 13 euros and 16.5 euros. The new price gives the company a market value of 220 million euros, compared with between 260 million and 330 million euros previously.
The offer is due to close at 1800 GMT on Thursday.
(Reporting by Elisa Anzolin, writing by Valentina Za)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 13 Advanced Enzyme Technologies Ltd
* Says to consider and approve investment proposals of company and incorporation of overseas subsidiaries Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
An intervening teacher who was trying to break up a violent brawl between students at a Victorian secondary school has been caught in the crossfire and knocked to the ground.
A bystander filmed the incident at Werribee Secondary College, which shows two boys throwing punches towards each other during lunchtime on school grounds, reports TEN Eyewitness News.
Later in the video, the video shows a teacher trying to break up the fight between two boys but is pushed to the ground by one of the students.
The Principal of the college, Steve Butyn, told TEN Eyewitness News the behavior was not acceptable.
"This was an isolated incident and does not reflect the ethos of Werribee Secondary College... thankfully, no one was injured," Mr Butyn said.
"We will be following school processes and procedures in taking appropriate [or further] action."
TEN Eyewitness News believes the fight erupted after talk of an incident at a party over the weekend.
The students who were involved in the fight and filmed the event have reportedly been suspended.
This is not the first time a teacher has been involved in a violent incident at the school.
According to the Herald Sun, a teacher was brutally attacked in 2010 when a student hit him over the head with a garden stake and needed stitches.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house.
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house. Jeanette Dundas
WHEN Pimlico man Brian lit the fire in his slow combustion stove, smoke poured out into the room.
The flue was obviously blocked.
But, almost immediately after, a possum dropped into the fire.
Brian acted quickly and got the possum out, but was unsure if it had sustained burns, so he called WIRES for help.
Sooty, as the young possum was named, was extremely lucky.
After rescue and examination it turned out that she had sustained minimal damage as she had avoided the hot part of the fire box. Her main concern was smoke inhalation.
Possums, gliders and many bird species use hollows as homes. Sadly, as human habitat expands, these are no longer as easy to find. A chimney or flue looks very much like a hollow log and clearly this possum had been seeking shelter in this man-made home.
Sooty is fairly young and should most certainly have still been with her mum, but she was not in good body condition, indicating she may have lost her mum some time prior to sheltering in Brian's flue.
She has now been in care with WIRES for a week and is doing well.
Shortly she will be transferred to a large aviary till she is ready to be released back to the wild.
If you have a fireplace it is a good idea to ensure you have an adjustable stainless steel chimney cap.
It is the only way to prevent animals from entering your chimney or flue.
Please call WIRES on 66281898 should you find a native animal in trouble.
April 5 Prometic Life Sciences Inc:
* Prometic completes the filing of its plasminogen Biologics license application ("BLA") with the U.S. FDA
* Prometic Life Sciences Inc - "we look forward to launching Plasminogen in the USA in Q4 2017" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Live video of Sarah and Vinnie's Lost 30 Minutes from Monday, August 14th!
Watch below!
Watch the entire show live (plus 24 hour replays) at radioalice.com/watch!
Listen live at radioalice.com/listen!
Download full show and Secret Show podcast at radioalice.com/tag/podcast/!
NOT IMPRESSED: Resident Susan Rawsthorne at the Bundaberg Regional Council meeting at Childers.
NOT IMPRESSED: Resident Susan Rawsthorne at the Bundaberg Regional Council meeting at Childers. Sarah Steger
CHILDERS resident Susan Rawsthorne was far from impressed when no other locals attended Bundaberg Regional Council's ordinary meeting yesterday.
The meeting was held at the old Isis Shire Council building and marked the first general council meeting held at Childers since 2009.
Ms Rawsthorne said she was disappointed no other residents had shown up to the meeting seeing as "most are pretty quick to bag council”.
"I'm quite surprised I'm the only one,” she said.
"Here's their opportunity, right at their front door and they haven't turned up.”
Ms Rawsthorne said while she only came because she was a "sticky beak” and liked to know what was going on, there were residents who thought the town was dirty and lacked council attention who should have come.
The council's next general meeting is scheduled for May 22.
On an RER train in Paris the other day an England supporter was discussing the impromptu competition he and his friends had been having. Having swiftly encountered the eye-watering bar prices in the French capital, the visiting group set themselves the challenge of locating the city's most ridiculously expensive beer. The contest was finally abandoned after our new mate was charged €15 for a gaseous pint of Carlsberg.
Professional rugby union sometimes feels like a similarly bizarre game of chicken. Few other team sports in the world are so simultaneously life-enriching and intrinsically unstable. The immediate aftermath of the ever-lucrative Six Nations Championship is not the worst time to contemplate this split personality: even the widespread joy at Ireland's uplifting grand slam cannot obscure some uneasy developments elsewhere which the game as a whole can ill afford to ignore.
The ugly sight of Spain's furious players chasing after the Romanian referee they felt had cost them automatic World Cup qualification at the weekend is the latest troubling snapshot. Leaving aside the costly blow to the game's traditional values of respect for match officials, it is a potentially seismic story: a hugely significant game allocated to officials hailing from the country which stood to benefit most from a Spain defeat. World Rugby has issued a statement stressing Rugby Europe appointed the referee and his assistants but the sport's global governors have pledged a full investigation into the circumstances surrounding Belgium's surprise win in Brussels which has led to Romania's qualifying automatically for Japan 2019.
This comes just a few days after World Rugby admitted to the (admittedly less serious) oversight of allowing the South African official Marius van der Westhuizen to help out at England training just days before he was due to act as a neutral assistant referee at Twickenham. England, as it turned out, would probably not have defeated Ireland even had they been awarded 30 penalties but the potential conflict of interest really should have been apparent to all in advance.
Nor is there any shortage of other thorny and important matters facing the game globally. The head injury assessment process remains frustratingly inconsistent, with the recent Cian Healy case merely the most obvious example. Testing of former players with a history of concussions is now ongoing, with nobody entirely sure what the outcome will be. Lawyers are circling, with firms starting to actively specialise in helping injured players get compensation. Talk of England players being weary before they even take the field for a Test feeds directly into that debate, with overworked players potentially more vulnerable to injury.
The row over the length of the English domestic season is also about to resume again, with negotiations between Premiership Rugby, the English Rugby Players' Association and the English Rugby Football Union on the future structure of the club game due to reach a climax next month. Should relegation be abandoned? There is a slightly stronger argument for a moratorium now, but only if there remains some avenue in future for those with the necessary business plan and ambition. And if it does happen where does that leave the Championship, already in danger of being left to wither on the vine? If the proposed A-league expansion results in the slow death of more once-prominent community clubs and ultimately leads to more hot-housed academy kids playing less meaningful competitive rugby between the crucial ages of 18 to 23, how is that remotely progress?
On and on it goes: the rising physical attrition rate for ball-carriers and defenders alike, the dubious TMO decisions, the play-acting to sway officials, the player drain from south to north, continuing financial headaches for the Premiership clubs and many national unions, excessive alcohol consumption within stadiums, the widening gap between XVs and sevens, how to promote women's rugby better, how to engage more effectively with those who only pay attention to rugby during the Six Nations? ITV has had some decent reviews for its weekend coverage of the England v Ireland game but tucking away the final round highlights at 11.15pm on Sunday night was hardly a masterstroke. Even the most delirious of Irish fans had long since peaked by then.
So amid all the 2018 championship's high spots – Johnny Sexton's drop goal, Jacob Stockdale's youthful delight, Finn Russell's classic long pass, Wales's improvement, Sam Underhill's tackle, Joe Schmidt's tactical mastery, Ireland's delight – spare a thought for the aspects of the game not bathed in the same golden glow.
Conflicting emotions are part of rugby's appeal but never before has there been a greater need for strong, enlightened decision-making at the top. Without it, the professional game risks becoming an overblown, unsustainable and faintly ludicrous product. Much like a €15 pint of Parisian lager.
Guardian services
High Paywave fees from banks are making goods and services 'more expensive for everyone'
Retail NZ says it has heard of retailers in New Zealand being charged up to 3.5 per cent transaction fees, with an average of 1.6 per cent - the average in the UK is 0.2 per cent.
NAIROBI, April 3 An Indian registered cargo dhow that was hijacked by suspected Somali pirates on April 1 is now in the vicinity of Hobyo, a major meeting point of pirates when they were most active in 2011, the EU Naval Force said on Monday, giving a location for the vessel for the first time.
"An EU Naval Force maritime patrol aircraft has confirmed the exact location of the dhow and has attempted to establish radio communications but without success," it said in a statement on its website.
"Investigations and operations are ongoing." (Reporting by George Obulutsa; Editing by Alison Williams)
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
* Dubai's Arabtec corrects after Wednesday's surge
* Abu Dhabi's TAQA jumps on possible U.S. asset sales
* Qatar's Gulf International Services slumps on weak Q1
* Saudi is worst-performing index for the week
* Egypt's Orascom Construction up on new U.S. facility
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, April 20 Profit-taking and weak first-quarter earnings weighed on Gulf stock markets on Thursday, with Saudi Arabia's index pulled lower by petrochemical shares after oil prices fell sharply, but Dubai's Union Properties and Abu Dhabi's TAQA bucked the trend.
Dubai's index lost 1.0 percent as financially troubled builder Arabtec, which had jumped almost 11 percent on Wednesday after shareholders approved its capital restructuring plan, retreated 4.4 percent.
Union Properties, however, leapt 5.8 percent to close at 1.03 dirhams in its heaviest trade since Jan. 23 and accounted for almost half of trading volume on the exchange. It ended off its intra-day high of 1.12 dirhams, failing to conclusively break chart resistance at the end-February peak of 1.07.
Fund managers and traders said the reason for the jump was not clear but it could be related to positive corporate news that had not yet been disclosed.
"Shares of UPP moved against the grain, and if it was just market participants taking a contrarian view on the stock, it would happen gradually. The volume spike in today's session suggests it's a company-specific event," one fund manager said.
Elsewhere, Abu Dhabi National Energy Co surged 7.1 percent in very heavy trade after its chief operating officer told Reuters it might sell some oil and gas interests in North America to raise capital for core businesses.
Profit-taking in other shares, however, pulled the Abu Dhabi index down 0.2 percent. First Abu Dhabi Bank fell 0.5 percent after trading as much as 1.4 percent higher earlier in the day.
The lender, which was formed on April 1 by the merger of National Bank of Abu Dhabi and First Gulf Bank, announced a 12.4 percent rise in combined "pro-forma" first quarter net profit to 2.93 billion dirhams ($798 million).
That was aided by a 145.5 percent jump in "other non-interest" income while loan impairment charges slipped 3.9 percent.
The Saudi index lost 0.7 percent as almost two-thirds of listed petrochemical shares fell, with heavyweight Saudi Basic Industries dropping 1.3 percent.
Most Saudi banking shares also fell, with Saudi Investment Bank the worst performer, down 1.6 percent. All Saudi banks have now reported first-quarter earnings; while results were mixed, most beat analysts' expectations.
The Saudi index was the worst performer in the Gulf for the week, down 2.5 percent.
In Doha, Gulf International Services dropped 5.0 percent after it reported an 81 percent slide in first-quarter profit to 15 million riyals ($4.1 million), far below QNB Financial's forecast of 452 million riyals and Alphamena's estimate of 378 million riyals.
The Qatari stock index fell 0.5 percent and was down 2.0 percent for the week.
In Egypt, the index edged up 0.1 percent in very low volume as Orascom Construction jumped 5.1 percent on news a major U.S. nitrogen fertiliser plant which it built had started operations.
Declining shares, however, outnumbered advancing ones by 124 to 46.
THURSDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index lost 0.7 percent to 6,899 points.
DUBAI
* The index fell 1.0 percent to 3,470 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index edged down 0.2 percent at 4,522 points.
QATAR
* The index lost 0.5 percent to 10,242 points.
EGYPT
* The index edged up 0.1 percent to 12,906 points.
KUWAIT
* The index added 0.4 percent to 6,814 points.
OMAN
* The index slipped 0.7 percent to 5,474 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index was down 0.4 percent at 1,334 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia and Mark Potter)
HONG KONG, March 28 India plans to adopt a regional-based model for consolidating its bloated public-sector banks, the chairman of its Banks Board Bureau said on Tuesday.
"We have to plan a model for consolidation which will be region-based so that we have a few strong banks in the west, north, south and east," Vinod Rai said. "That will also avoid branch-based redundancies."
Rai was speaking at the annual Credit Suisse Asian investment conference in Hong Kong.
India's lenders had stressed loans of 9.64 trillion rupees ($147.33 billion) as of end-December, Santosh Gangwar, minister of state for finance, told Indian lawmakers this month, with nearly 90 percent of the pile with government-run institutions.
Consolidation of India's public-sector banks is seen as a final step in rebuilding a financial system capable of underwriting credit growth and job-creating investment in Asia's third-largest economy.
In reply to a question on whether he had any targeted market share that private banks and public sector banks should have in India, Rai replied in the negative and added public sector banks are crucial for infrastructure and long-term project lending, sectors which most private banks usually steer clear of.
Asked if he had market-share targets for private banks and public sector banks in India, Rai said no, adding that public sector banks are crucial for infrastructure and long-term project lending that most private banks don't provide.
Rai also said the government does not have the financial capacity to keep raising capital to recapitalize its banks at an increasing pace.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has earmarked 700 billion rupees ($10.5 billion) in bank capital injections from budgets covering a four-year period ending March 2019.
Some of India's public-sector banks are listed, including Bank of Baroda, Bank of India and Canara Bank .
Rai said the government is thinking that more minority shareholders will invest in such institutions as "these banks are trading at less than their book value"
A former auditor-general, Rai was appointed to run the Banks Board Bureau when it was formed last year. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Additional reporting by Devidutta Tripathy in MUMBAI; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
CAPA India identified (Oct-2017) a series of critical issues that CAPA has identified in Indian aviation, noting that it would be regularly sharing analysis and research to help shape the industry, enable policymakers to pursue further reforms in the interests of the sector and to support the Prime Minister's transformational economic agenda over the next 18 months. Key strategic issues are as follows:
Likely airport infrastructure constraints, and delays in the construction of new capacity, are becoming a challenge. CAPA India will benchmark how airside and landside productivity is improving, monitor the expansion of existing airports and track greenfield developments;
An Independent Airports Commission is required to act as the custodian for planning the national airport system: CAPA India will present a roadmap for how this commission should take over such responsibilities from the Airports Authority of India ;
; A complete revamp of the DGCA is a critical, national priority as the system is almost broken. CAPA India will be conducting a detailed study on the state of aviation safety in India by the end of FY2018, and its structural ability to manage growth;
is a critical, national priority as the system is almost broken. CAPA India will be conducting a detailed study on the state of aviation safety in by the end of FY2018, and its structural ability to manage growth; Bureau of Civil Aviation Security needs to be restructured to be able to face strategic threats and growth challenges: CAPA India will review the aviation security framework in India by end FY2018;
needs to be restructured to be able to face strategic threats and growth challenges: CAPA India will review the aviation security framework in India by end FY2018; A conducive fiscal environment is essential for the competitiveness and viability of the industry. Sales tax on aviation turbine fuel, airport charges and the impact of GST on the aviation sector will be closely analysed;
Ease of doing business is important if the industry is to remain efficient and competitive. Sensible regulation and positive engagement between the industry and the DGCA/BCAS and other stakeholders is essential;
Availability of skilled resources will struggle to keep pace with growth. A shortage of human resources - particularly commanders, maintenance engineers and air traffic controllers, as well as experienced management – will be a major constraint. A focus on education and training is essential for both productivity and safety;
Bilateral restrictions are constraining capacity and represent a significant economic loss. Unrealised trade and tourism spend and missed opportunities for employment creation. CAPA India will be preparing a strategic framework to enable the government to make decisions on seat entitlements which are beneficial for the economy;
Institutional capacity building at the Ministry of Civil Aviation can have a material impact: The Ministry has made significant policy announcements and demonstrated very positive intent over the last couple of years. CAPA India will consider how the implementation of policy initiatives can be made more effective, and present a realistic model for government-industry collaboration. [more - original PR]
BERLIN, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Negotiators trying to agree the parameters of a new grand coalition between Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and Germany's Social Democrats said in a working paper seen by Reuters on Friday that they wanted to progressively abolish air transport tax over the coming legislative period.
Reporting by Markus Wacket; Writing by Thomas Escritt; Editing by Paul Carrel
LONDON (Reuters) - Caster Semenya will attempt to reclaim her 800 metres title on the final day of action of the World Championships in London on Sunday.
The South African, who was awarded gold retrospectively in the event in 2011, already has one medal to her name this week, after winning bronze in the 1500 metres on Monday.
However, it's the two-lap race that is her strongest, the event in which she won Olympic gold in Rio last year.
Semenya's race is among the highlights of the final session at the London Stadium.
Having taken back the women's 4x100 metres relay title from Jamaica the day before, the United States will aim to repeat that feat on Sunday in the 4x400 metres relay.
The final event will be the men's edition of the race as hosts Britain goes for one last gold.
The day's action begins across the city at The Mall, where the men and women's 50km race walk gets under way at 0645 GMT, with the 20km versions following afterwards.
Andreas Dombret, member of the board of the Deutsche Bundesbank speaks during a news conference at the Deutsche Bundesbank's Regional Office in Hesse in Frankfurt October 26, 2014. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
FRANKFURT Banks seeking to leave London because of Brexit are already holding talks about moving to Frankfurt but they will not be offered any special exemption from the regulations, a senior board member of Germany's central bank told Reuters.
Banks moving to the continent will likely settle in a number of cities rather than create one new financial hub to rival London, Andreas Dombret said in an interview authorised for release on Wednesday, the day British Prime Minister Theresa May was due to formally launch two years of divorce negotiations.
"Many banks interested in Frankfurt have knocked on our door and I've had a lot of interesting discussions," said Dombret, the Bundesbank's top supervision expert.
"I do not expect all banks to move to the same city on the continent. They will certainly spread out a little bit."
Competing with other financial hubs such as Paris, Milan, Amsterdam or Dublin, Germany's financial centre hopes to attract banks currently based in London that move staff and some operations to continental Europe.
But Dombret, 57, whose term at the Bundesbank ends next year, said Germany would not offer banks any favours to come to Frankfurt, which is home to the European Central Bank, Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE) and Commerzbank(CBKG.DE), maintaining its strict standards.
"We will not allow regulatory arbitrage. You may outperform the rules, but you must not underperform," Dombret said, adding that the Bundesbank would not be marketing Frankfurt.
Banks seeking to operate in the European Union need regulatory permission - known as the 'EU passport' - and must set up a regional headquarters in at least one EU member state.
The European Central Bank, which oversees the biggest banks in the euro zone, has said that only a handful of banks has so far indicated that they plan to move some operations, but dozens have made inquiries.
Dombret, a former investment banker who joined the Bundesbank's board seven years ago, said he did not believe Brexit would kick-start a much-needed wave of consolidation in Germany's fragmented financial industry, adding that he expected no increase in pressure on domestic banks from global players.
"I do not believe that. Ninety-nine percent of German banks are not competing with the banks that may come here," he said, arguing that most of the 1,900 German lenders are smaller savings and cooperative banks mainly focussed on retail business.
(Reporting by Andreas Framke; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Ask a complete & professional report sample, please send message to tinaning@qyresearch.com or visit at https://www.qyresearcheurope.com/
The Global IVD Reagents Industry Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the IVD Reagents industry.
Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The IVD Reagents market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions' development status.
Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added.
Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What's more, the IVD Reagents industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed.
Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
In a large and developing economy, rapid changes in the industry make it necessary for professionals to keep themselves updated with the latest market dynamics. QYResearch can offer the ability to quickly respond to these changes determines the success of a business enterprise.
The major players in global IVD Reagents market include
Roche Diagnostics
Abbott
Beckman Coulter
Siemens Healthcare
Fisher Scientific
Becton Dickinson
Alere
Sysmex
J&J
BioMerieux
Bayer
Pfizer
Oumeng
Tellgen
DiaSorin
Table contents:
1 IVD Reagents Market Overview
2 Global IVD Reagents Market Competition by Manufacturers/Brand
3 Global IVD Reagents Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2017)
4 Global IVD Reagents Sales, Revenue, Price Trend by Types
5 Global IVD Reagents Market Analysis by Applications
6 Global IVD Reagents Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
7 IVD Reagents Manufacturing Cost Analysis
8 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
9 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
10 Market Effect Factors Analysis
11 Global IVD Reagents Market Forecast (2017-2022)
12 Research Findings and Conclusion
13 Methodology and Data Source
Related Reports:
Global IVD Reagents Market 2017
Europe IVD Reagents Market 2017
China IVD Reagents Market 2017
Japan IVD Reagents Market 2017
USA IVD Reagents Market 2017
India IVD Reagents Market 2017
South Korea IVD Reagents Market 2017
Contact Details:
Company Name: QYResearch CO.,LIMITED
Tina| Sales Managers
Email: tinaning@qyresearch.com Tel: 0086-20-22093278(CN)
Web: http://www.qyresearchglobal.com/
QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research
BEIJING A court in China on Friday jailed a former chairman of Baoshan Iron and Steel, who went on to become vice mayor of Shanghai, to 17 years for bribery and graft, a state broadcaster reported.
President Xi Jinping has waged war on graft for more than four years, ensnaring top politicians, leaders of state-owned enterprises, financial regulators and senior bankers.
Ai Baojun had used his positions to amass more than 40 million yuan ($5.8 million) in assets from 2000 to 2014, a court in the southern city of Zhangzhou ruled, according to China Central Television (CCTV)
Ai is the most senior official from China's financial hub to be sentenced in the corruption campaign. He could not be reached for comment.
The court also ruled that 5.8 million yuan of Ai's personal assets be confiscated and returned to Baosteel and to Shanghai city, CCTV said.
Ai was given a lenient sentence due to actively providing details of his crimes, which he accepted and apologised for, the court said, adding that many of the bribes were accepted by relatives without his knowledge.
China's top anti-graft watchdog stripped Ai of his party and state positions in January 2016 after an investigation found him guilty of breaking party discipline rules, as well as the crimes he was sentenced for.
According to his official biography, Ai ran Shanghai-based Baoshan Iron and Steel from 1998 to 2007 before taking up a Shanghai vice mayor post until 2013. Baoshan Iron and Steel declined to comment.
He then became head administrator for Shanghai's free-trade zone, the first such zone on the Chinese mainland.
CCTV separately on Friday announced that Si Xianmin, former chairman of China Southern Airlines Group, had been handed a sentence of 10 years and 6 months and fines of a million yuan by an unnamed court for taking bribes from 2005 to 2014.
According to CCTV, Si accepted the sentence and would not appeal.
Si became CEO of China Southern Airlines Co, the listed arm of the group, in 2004 and then also became chairman of the parent company in 2009, holding both positions until he resigned in January 2016.
Si could not be reached for comment. Phonecalls to China Southern Airline were not answered and the company did not immediately respond to emailed requests for comment.
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd; Editing by Robert Birsel & Simon Cameron-Moore)
First commercial delivery of senior care robots in the Metro Area
Contact
Anthony Nunez
***@infrobotics.com Anthony Nunez
End
-- INF Robotics announce they have delivered RUDY, the intelligent home care companion, to their first commercial customers in the Washington DC metro area. INF Robotics has also signed two licensed home health care agency partner Comfort Keepers of Reston, who will offer RUDY direct to their clients.After completing a year of pilot engagements at 9 locations in the Washington, DC metro area, RUDY is now commercially available via the agency partners, with the following features:· Scheduled professional care giver virtual check-ins· Ability for family to "virtually visit" their loved one anytime by moving RUDY around and video conferencing feature· Assist with carrying and keeping track of commonly wcj misplaced items· On-call access to emergency services 24/7· Reminders for important appointments· Social engagement with games, music, dancing – both mental and physical motivation· Affordable rates for daily, weekly or monthly engagements"If you worry about your parents and want peace of mind, something to keep them safe and be a friend and assistant 24/7, then RUDY is your answer", says Anthony Nunez, CEO of INF Robotics ( www.INFRobotics.com ).RUDY can be reserved at Comfort Keepers of Reston.About INF RoboticsINF Robotics Inc. has developed RUDY, the first deployable in home intelligent care companion for seniors, that acts as a workforce multiplier for Home Healthcare Agencies. INF designed this patented platform specifically for the senior population and those that care for them. Our partners include: Alert1 and Comfort Keepers of Reston ( http://herndon- va.comfortkeepers.com/ ). To find out more visit. INFRobotics.comFor more information, please contact:Anthony Nunez, CEO, INF Robotics Inc.
April 5 Dcc Plc
* Since dcc issued its ims on 7 february 2017, trading performance of group has been in line with expectations
* Tommy breen, who became chief executive in May 2008, has decided to retire from group after over 30 years of service
* Tommy will be succeeded by donal murphy, executive director and managing director of dcc energy, dcc's largest division Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By London Bureau)
SHANGHAI China's business hub of Shanghai has slacked off in efforts to improve the environment, levying fines too small to deter polluters, hundreds of whom have flouted closure orders, authorities said on Wednesday.
Standards had fallen and some of Shanghai's environmental work had grown "slack", an inspection team found after a month-long investigation late last year, the Ministry of Environmental Protection (MEP) said on its website (www.mep.gov.cn).
Shanghai's development could suffer from incomplete conservation efforts, the ministry said.
"Shanghai's environmental protection work has had obvious successes but environmental quality remains a prominent weak point affecting the city's overall development," it said.
From 259 water samples tested, 88 were found unfit even for farm and industrial use, falling below the ministry's "grade V" categorization, it said, adding that overall water quality in some districts has worsened conspicuously since 2013.
It singled out Shanghai's decision to postpone from 2016 until the decade's end a target of raising treatment standards for urban waste water, saying its plans to improve urban sewage and waste treatment had also fallen behind schedule.
Aging landfills are still leaching into Shanghai's water supply, and trash is still being illegally dumped, it added.
Law enforcement in Shanghai, one of China's richest cities, was still inadequate, the team found, with fines too light to discourage persistent polluters. It said 800 enterprises ordered to stop production since 2013 were still operating normally.
In a separate report on Wednesday, the ministry said Beijing, the smog-hit capital, had failed to overcome a host of longstanding administrative problems in the fight on pollution.
Beijing inspectors blamed a lack of coordination among local government departments and insufficient pressure to comply with rules. They also accused grassroots officials of failing to take responsibility for pollution, blaming external factors instead.
China's local governments are proving to be one of the key battlegrounds in its "war on pollution", with many accused of turning a blind eye to environmental violations so as to protect valuable sources of revenue and jobs.
Teams of environmental inspectors have fanned out across China since last year, armed with special powers to make surprise checks and hold local leaders to account.
While there has been progress in tackling air pollution, water quality in several regions has significantly worsened, reports from such teams revealed last November.
(Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
Bharat Book Bureau Provides the Trending Market Research Report on “Global and Regional Glassine Paper Market Research Report 2023” under Chemical & Materials Category. The report offers a collection of superior market research, market analysis, competitive intelligence and industry reports.
The Glassine Paper market size will grow from USD XX A Million in 2017 to USD XX A Million by 2023,at an estimated CAGR of XX%. The base year considered for the study is 2017,and the market size is projected from 2018 to 2023.
By Market Players:
Innovia Films,UPM,Cartonal,Uline,Sri Adhitya Polyfilms,Glatfelter Ober-Schmitten GmbH,Delfortgroup AG,OJI,Falcon Pack,Eurocell S.R.L.,Eco Packaging Srl,Cheever Specialty Paper & Film,Henglian New Materials,Weifang Henglian Cellulose Film,Chengdu Grace Fiber,Hubei Golden Ring Co.Ltd,Hebei Xiongxian Qianmei,Shenzhen Haoshen,
By Type
Glassine Paper Rolls,Glassine Paper Sheets,Other,
By Application
Labels,Graphic Arts,Medical,Castings and Composites,Other,
Request a free sample copy of Glassine Paper Market Report @
https://www.bharatbook.com/MarketReports/Sample/Reports/1143369
The prime objective of this report is to help the user understand the market in terms of its definition,segmentation,market potential,influential trends,and the challenges that the market is facing. Deep researches and analysis were done during the preparation of the report. The readers will find this report very helpful in understanding the market in depth. The data and the information regarding the market are taken from reliable sources such as websites,annual reports of the companies,journals,and others and were checked and validated by the industry experts. The facts and data are represented in the report using diagrams,graphs,pie charts,and other pictorial representations. This enhances the visual representation and also helps in understanding the facts much better.
Points Covered in The Report:
The points that are discussed within the report are the major market players that are involved in the market such as manufacturers,raw material suppliers,equipment suppliers,end users,traders,distributors and etc.
The complete profile of the companies is mentioned. And the capacity,production,price,revenue,cost,gross,gross margin,sales volume,sales revenue,consumption,growth rate,import,export,supply,future strategies,and the technological developments that they are making are also included within the report. The historical data from 2012 to 2017 and forecast data from 2018 to 2023.
The growth factors of the market is discussed in detail wherein the different end users of the market are explained in detail.
Data and information by manufacturer,by region,by type,by application and etc,and custom research can be added according to specific requirements.
The report contains the SWOT analysis of the market. Finally,the report contains the conclusion part where the opinions of the industrial experts are included.
Key Reasons to Purchase
To gain insightful analyses of the market and have comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape.
Assess the production processes,major issues,and solutions to mitigate the development risk.
To understand the most affecting driving and restraining forces in the market and its impact in the global market.
Learn about the market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations.
To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market.
Besides the standard structure reports,we also provide custom research according to specific requirements.
Click the link below to read the Full report :
https://www.bharatbook.com/MarketReports/2018-2023-Global-and-Regional-Glassine-Paper-Industry-Production-Sales-and-Consumption-Status-and-Prospects-Professional/1143369
About Bharat Book Bureau:
Bharat Book Bureau is the leading market research information provider for market research reports, company profiles, industry study, country reports, business reports, newsletters and online databases. Bharat Book Bureau provides over a million reports from more than 400 publishers around the globe. We cover sectors starting from Aeronautics to Zoology.
Contact us at:
Bharat Book Bureau
Tel: +91 22 27810772 / 27810773
Email: poonam@bharatbook.com
Website: www.bharatbook.com
Follow us on : Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Plus
Far Eastern University and Adamson University battle it out for the solo third spot in the University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) Season 80 men's basketball tournament today at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City.
Advertisements
Toting identical 4-2 win-loss records, the Tamaraws and the Soaring Falcons break their deadlock on No. 3 in their 4 p.m. collision.
Both teams are also riding a three-game winning streak, which they notched at the expense of University of the Philippines (UP).
Far Eastern U leaned on its defense in its last outing, limiting the Fighting Maroons to just a 31 percent shooting clip en route to posting a lopsided 78-59 victory last Sunday.
Ron Dennison starred on both ends of the floor in the Tamaraws' previous win as the veteran guard tallied a team-best 17 points while limiting UP main gunner Paul Desiderio to just nine markers.
Adamson, on the other hand, escaped the State U, 73-71, behind Sean Manganti's game-winning putback three days ago.
Sophomore guard Jerrick Ahanmisi led the Falcons in that thrilling win with 21 points, including 17 markers in the second period wherein they erased an early 14-point deficit.
Meanwhile, bottom teams University of the East and University of Sto. Tomas clashes for a breakthrough win in the curtain raiser at 2 p.m.
Both the Red Warriors and the Growling Tigers are winless in six games.
April 28 Angkor Gold Corp:
* Angkor Gold Corp - will issue common shares in company to its CEO in satisfaction of an outstanding obligation to him for deferred salary
* Angkor Gold Corp - CEO Mike Weeks has not collected a portion of his salary for several years
* Angkor Gold Corp- amount of shares for debt issued to weeks will be 589,164 shares at a price of $0.40 per share
* Angkor Gold Corp - weeks will also receive $58,916 in cash for remaining 20% outstanding shares. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A man reacts next to a memorial site for the victims of a blast in St. Petersburg metro, at Tekhnologicheskiy institut metro station in St. Petersburg, Russia, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Grigory Dukor
REUTERS/Anton Vaganov FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
People holds candles to commemorate the victims of a blast in metro train in St. Petersburg, Russia, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Anton Vaganov FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES
ST PETERSBURG The main suspect in a suicide bombing on the St Petersburg metro that killed 14 people had rented an apartment in the city a month before the blast, neighbours and a building maintenance worker told Reuters on Wednesday.
A day after Monday's attack, security officials raided the apartment and ordered other residents to leave -- a precaution often undertaken when police believe there may be explosives or bomb-making equipment inside.
A witness who was present during the search, and who did not want to be identified, told Reuters she saw belongings packed into black bags and cardboard boxes, and household containers with an unidentified powder inside.
The Investigative Committee, the state body leading the investigation, said footage from security cameras near the same building showed the suspect, Akbarzhon Jalilov, leaving home carrying a bag and a rucksack. It did not specify if that was on the day of the attack.
Jalilov was born in 1995 in Kyrgyzstan, a mainly Muslim ex-Soviet republic in central Asia, and held a Russian passport.
If it is proven that he was motivated by militant Islamist ideology, that will test Russian President Vladimir Putin's policy of military intervention in Syria.
Some Russians may decide their country's intervention is making them a target for reprisal attacks by Islamists instead of making them safer as Putin had told them would happen.
Jalilov moving into the rented apartment, in a Soviet-built nine-storey building in north-eastern St Petersburg, coincided with his return from a visit to his home city of Osh in southern Kyrgyzstan.
Two Kyrgyz government sources told Reuters that Jalilov made the trip in February, leaving in early March on a flight to Moscow.
Osh is part of the Fergana Valley, a fertile strip of land that straddles Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan and is mainly populated by ethnic Uzbeks. It has a tradition of Islamist radicalism and hundreds of people have set out from the area to join Islamic State in Syria and Iraq.
Jalilov had previously lived in St Petersburg for several years. It was not clear where he had been living before his trip back to Osh, or why he moved to a new apartment.
SILENT TENANT
The apartment Jalilov rented in St Petersburg is about 20 km from the site of the explosion, in the centre of the city.
Neighbours at the building said that Jalilov had first moved into apartment 109 around a month ago. They said the young man they had seen around the building matched pictures of Jalilov released to Russian media since the bombing.
"The apartment was always silent," said a resident of the same staircase, who gave her name as Margarita. "When the owner let (the apartment) I asked her and she said he was a decent guy and that I should call her if he makes noise."
"But I never heard ... any music playing. Maybe he turned on the TV once."
She said on one occasion about five people who appeared ethnically Russian had visited him, but there seemed nothing remarkable about that. A second resident also said Jalilov had been a tenant in the building.
Security service officers arrived at the address on Tuesday, and ordered residents to vacate the building.
The building maintenance worker, who asked not to be identified, said: "They forced open the apartment. There were various powders in jars. I could see that they had packed up his things. Lots in black bags, and two boxes."
The Investigative Committee confirmed the search but a spokeswoman declined to give details about what they found.
Jalilov's parents, who say they had not seen their son for a while, were due to fly into St Petersburg on Wednesday and a Reuters witness at Pulkovo airport reported heavy security.
A middle-aged man and woman were escorted away after the flight arrived, the Reuters reporter said. Authorities refused to confirm that the couple were Jalilov's parents but the woman, in response to a Russian TV reporter's question, said she did not believe her son was the bomber.
In the several years Jalilov spent living in Russia, he blended into the millions of migrants from central Asia, and led an outwardly secular lifestyle. His profile on VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook, showed he was interested in pop music, fast cars, and boxer Mike Tyson.
His aunt, Surayo Jalilova, told Reuters in Osh: "We are speechless, we were all shocked, we never thought he could do something like this. He was the most obedient kid in the family, did well at school."
Fatima Kadyrakhunova, who was his class teacher for four years at School no. 26 in Osh, said he was quiet and reserved, but did not excel at his studies.
Six people of central Asian origin have been held on suspicion of recruiting for radical Islamist groups, but there is no proof linking the detainees to the metro bombing, Russian investigators said.
Meanwhile authorities have beefed up security across major cities, with sniffer dogs and bag checks at several metro stations in Moscow.
Putin touched on the attack at a previously scheduled meeting in Moscow with security service chiefs from ex-Soviet countries.
"We see that, unfortunately, the situation is not getting better and the clearest confirmation of that is the recent tragic incident in St Petersburg," Putin said.
"People died as a result of a terrorist act, many were hurt," he said.
(Additional reporting by Maria Tsvetkova and Svetlana Reiter in MOSCOW, Hulkar Isamova in OSH, Kyrgyzstan, and Olzhas Auyezov in ALMATY; Writing by Sujata Rao and Christian Lowe; Editing by Giles Elgood)
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following his conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
CHEYENNE– It's only the third record largemouth bass in Wyoming history and could easily be the last.
The 11.51-Pound Fish Shattered Previous Record by Nearly 4 Pounds
The 11.51-pound fish caught May 10 at Kleenburn Ponds just north of Sheridan, didn't just shatter the old record from March 1992 by nearly 4 pounds; it has astounded fish biologists and bested the state record of not just all surrounding states, but several Midwestern states, too.
“Nobody was more surprised than me,” said Caleb Salzman, Wyoming's new state record largemouth bass angler. “I still can hardly believe it.”
Advertisement - Story continues below...
The 18-year-old Sheridan College freshman landed “eight to nine little bass” before hooking the memorable record on a green plastic worm.
Fish Lost Several Ounces Due to Dehydration Before Official Weighing
Although the record will always legally be listed at “11.51 pounds,” the documents could have read 12 pounds or even a little more had the fish been officially weighed the evening it was caught.
Salzman said the bass weighed “12 and a half pounds” on a “cheap” tackle box scale that night. The fish certainly lost several ounces to dehydration before being officially weighed the next morning.
“Catching a largemouth bass of this size is comparable to shooting a 400-inch bull elk in a general license public land area,” said Paul Mavrakis, the Wyoming Game and Fish Department's fisheries supervisor in Sheridan.
“It's an incredible accomplishment because the ponds receive heavy fishing pressure.”
The Bass Was 24.5 Inches Long with 20.75-Inch Girth
The weight, of course, wasn't the only impressive vital statistic: The bass measured 24.5 inches long with a 20.75-inch girth.
He said the department has netted bass in Kleenburn “that may have come close to the old record” of 7.87 pounds, but nothing near the size of Salzman's fish.
How the fish grew so surprisingly large, was probably a combination of it taking advantage of the location's long-growing season by Wyoming standards and the pond's abundant small bass, perch and also probably the 8-inch rainbows stocked every fall.
“The fish had to be incredibly savvy,” Mavrakis says. “I can't imagine how many lures and baits she's looked at over the years and wouldn't be surprised if she broke an angler's line a time or two, also.”
He adds anglers can take stock in the fact that after many years of spawning the big fish's genes should be well-represented in the two connected ponds, which total about 10 acres in size.
Previous Record Holder Game Warden Shorma Was on Scene to Witness the Certification of the New Record
Although both the new and former largemouth bass records were caught in northern Sheridan County ponds, that's just where the serendipity begins.
When Salzman brought his catch to the Sheridan Game and Fish office May 11 to have the species officially identified, on site was Dayton Game Warden Dustin Shorma, the former holder of the record.
And as Gordon Edwards was on hand to witness his friend Shorma establish the previous record back on March 15, 1992 when they were both 15, Edwards, now a department fish biologist, was on hand at the office to witness the new record become officially certified.
“Records are made to be broken and this fish did more than break my record, it crushed it!” a happy Shorma emphasized. “Who would know, that 26 years later, Gordon and I would find ourselves as the district game warden and fish biologist in the same place we grew up, only to pass the torch on to another worthy individual.”
The state record Shorma bested was likely Wyoming's first – a 7.13 pounder caught clear back in 1942 at Stove Lake in Goshen County.
The Bass is Thought to be 17 to 19 Years Old
Eighteen-year-old Salzman, who aspires to be a game warden as Shorma did as a teenager, and his big fish have something in common, too: They are about the same age.
Edwards examined a scale from the big bass under a microscope, similar to counting rings on a tree stump, and believes the fish to be 17 to 19 years old.
As you might expect, Salzman is getting his record bass mounted and plans to revisit Kleenburn Ponds when he returns to Sheridan College for the fall semester following a summer of working for the Shoshone National Forest.
“This experience has been so cool,” Salzman said. “I really feel fortunate to have caught this tremendous fish.”
Kleenburn Ponds was once the site of a former coal mine. In 2009 the area was greatly improved as a result of an abandoned mine land project or AML.
Mavrakis credits the Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality for their role in reclaiming the area and Sheridan County for acquiring and improving the property for public access.
BRUSSELS NATO still has "clear disagreements" with Russia over the Ukraine crisis and expects Moscow to do more to rein in armed separatists battling Kiev's forces, Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Thursday.
The West slapped sanctions on Russia in 2014 over its annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula and its support for the rebels in eastern Ukraine, in a conflict in which more than 10,000 people have been killed.
"Allies and Russia continue to have clear disagreements on the crisis in and around Ukraine," Stoltenberg told a news conference after chairing a meeting of ambassadors from NATO and Russia in Brussels.
He said intense fighting continued to rage in the industrial eastern Ukrainian region of Donbass, despite a formal ceasefire under the Minsk peace agreements signed in 2015.
"Allies urged Russia to use its significant influence on the militants to meet their obligations in full, and raised serious concerns about Russia's recognition of identity documents issued by the separatists, imposing the rouble (currency), and seizure of companies," Stoltenberg added.
Russia's ambassador to NATO, Alexander Grushko, blamed the Ukrainian military for ceasefire violations and said he had raised the issue with alliance envoys, saying NATO was not putting enough pressure on Kiev to control its forces.
"We drew attention to ceasefire violations by Ukrainian forces, the continued creeping offensive of the Ukrainian army in so-called grey zones, the use of heavy weapons prohibited by the Minsk agreements, and the presence of heavy weapons," he said.
France and Germany were among NATO allies who criticised Moscow's move in February to recognise ID documents issued to people living in the rebel regions in place of Ukrainian papers.
But Stoltenberg, a former Norwegian prime minister, also welcomed the exchange of information between NATO and Russia on military moves.
"It is not an easy dialogue but a dialogue we are committed to. When tensions run high, it is even more important to keep talking to each other to reduce unpredictability and risks," he said, adding that Russia had briefed NATO on three new divisions in its western military district.
In exchange, NATO offered information on four battle groups it is deploying in Poland and the Baltic states to help assuage their concerns over a more assertive Russia.
Grushko said such concerns were unfounded. "A confrontational agenda is imposed on us, as NATO seeks to prove its relevance," he said, adding it was a "dead-end path."
On Friday Stoltenberg will chair a meeting of NATO foreign ministers attended for the first time by new U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. They will prepare for the alliance's first top-level summit since Donald Trump became U.S. president.
Last year Trump upset America's allies by describing NATO as "obsolete", though he has since said he strongly supports the alliance. He has continued to press NATO's European members to spend more on defence.
Stoltenberg said he would meet Trump in Washington in April to prepare for the May 25 summit in Brussels.
(Additional reporting by Robin Emmott, editing by Mark Trevelyan)
BEIJING, March 30 China keeps up with importing wheat from its central Asian neighbor Kazakhstan, as part of its One Belt One Road Initiative.
* A third batch of Kazakh wheat has arrived at the port of Xi'an, capital of Shaanxi province, a major joint along OBOR, according to a statement on the website of the department of commerce of Shaanxi province.
* The recent imports bring the total of Kazakh wheat through Xi'an port at 5800 tonnes so far, which were bought separately by China's agricultural conglomerate COFCO and Aiju Oil and Grain Industry Group based in Xi'an.
* China's wheat imports are expected to rise in the year to June 2017 as bed weather lowered production and quality of the domestic crop, according to analysts.
(Reporting by Hallie Gu and Josephine Mason)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle are set to reignite their interest in Besitkas star Tolgay Arslan, according to reports.
TalkSPORT claim the 27-year-old, who has been in fine form this season, has attracted the interest of some of Europe's top clubs.
Both Newcastle and Chelsea were linked with Arslan during the January window, but the German ended up staying put at Besiktas.
(Image: AP Photo)
However, according to Turkish website Haberler, Newcastle will reignite their interest in Arslan heading into the summer, amid interest from Borussia Dortmund and Bayer Leverkusen.
The midfielder played a crucial part in helping Besiktas reach the knockout stages of the Champions League, though they are likely to be knocked out by Bayern Munich in the round-of-16 following a 5-0 defeat in their first-leg encounter.
Dream on
Jose Mourinho has told Real Madrid to “think of another player” instead of pursuing Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea.
United and Spain goalkeeper De Gea has been frequently linked with Real, who he came close to joining in August 2015.
The following month he signed a new contract with the Red Devils that runs to the summer of 2019, with the option to extend for a further year.
Mourinho was quoted by a number of British newspapers as telling Spanish TV channel La Sexta: “I see him (De Gea) staying here.
“I do not know Real Madrid's intentions but, if I were them, I would think of another player.”
Mourinho, who managed Real from 2010 to 2013, was speaking ahead of his side's Champions League last-16 second leg against Sevilla at Old Trafford.
De Gea, 27, has kept four clean sheets in the competition this season, and 15 in the Premier League.
Ready Fred
Manchester United and Manchester City could be set for another transfer battle this summer following claims midfielder Fred will join one of the Premier League rivals.
United and City recently went head to head for Alexis Sanchez, with United willing to meet the Chilean's enormous wage demands.
The Brazilian midfielder might not generate the same kind of figures but his club claim he'll definitely be joining one of them.
(Image: Maurizio Lagana/Getty Images)
Chief executive of the Ukrainian outfit, Sergei Palkin, said in Corriere dello Sport, via Goal.com : “Fred will leave in June. If not to Manchester City, then to Manchester United.
“He is ready for the best championships. In addition to being very good, Fred is very professional.”
The 25-year-old has spent the last five years in the Ukrainian Premier League and he is expected to feature in Tuesday night's Champions League clash with Roma.
SEN. Richard Gordon on Saturday called on President Rodrigo Duterte to appoint more lawyers to the Office of Solicitor General to ensure the speedy resolution of about 725,000 pending cases at the OSG.
Gordon learned about the lack of public lawyers during the public hearing conducted by the Senate Committee on Justice and Human Rights on several bills proposing to strengthen the OSG.
The OSG only has 267 lawyers but it has an estimated 725,000 cases, of which 374,420 are still active.
“The President should appoint lawyers to fill up these vacant positions to allow for smoother service by the OSG,” Gordon said.
The posts of State Solicitors I to III are to be appointed by the President. The OSG said there are a number of vacancies for these positions.
Out of the 988 authorized positions for the OSG, only 721 are filled up.
Gordon also urged the OSG to expedite the hiring of lawyers for lower ranking positions.
“I don't mind getting you high salaries and benefits but obviously, you cannot cut the 728,904 cases. You seem to be doing a good job but no one could cope with that caseload. You should hire more lawyers,” he said.
“I'm wondering why you cannot recruit lawyers. You should strengthen your recruitment,” Gordon added.
Boxer Ben Jones has the chance to seal his legacy in the sport by lifting the Commonwealth belt.
Crawley professional boxer Ben Jones is in action tonight (Saturday) fighting the biggest fight of his life when he fights for the Commonwealth Featherwight Championship at the O2 Arena in London.
The 35-year-old former English and WBO European champion takes on the unbeaten reigning Commonwealth champion Reece Bellotti from Watford for the title in a show which is being broadcast live on Sky Sports (starting at 7pm).
Jones went to school at Thomas Bennett Community College and tonight expects to be watched by 12,000 people at the area plus a potentially huge TV audience.
The showdown is on the undercard of the Lawrence Okolie and Isaac Chamberlain fight for the vacant WBA Continental Cruiserweight title.
Return to this site later tonight to see the big fight report and reaction.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 SE Swiss Estates AG:
* Said on Friday FY net rental income 5.352 million Swiss francs ($5.38 million), operating profit 2.216 million francs, profit before tax -1.613 million francs, net profit -1.743 francs
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9951 Swiss francs) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Fifth Wheel Street announces the latest version of RV Tow Check. The revised web-based RV Tow Check 3.0 app is SAE J2807 compliant, and it is accessible on Smartphones and tablets at RVtowCheck.com.
1 2 3 4 5 RV Tow Check, Version 3.0 on mobile device. RV Tow Check 3.0 introduction page. An explanation why trailer towing guides do not work. RV Tow Check 3.0 Glossary RV Tow Check 3.0 FAQ page
End
-- Dave Gray, the founder of Fifth Wheel Street, released the RV Tow Check 3.0 app for recreational vehicle (RV) owners, as well as RV and automotive dealers. This newest release includes two new user entry inputs for trailer weight ratings (TWR) and complies with the SAE J2807 guidelines. RV Tow Check's latest enhancement allows users to enter fifth wheel, gooseneck, and conventional TWR. This long-awaited revision was advanced due to the recent changes in some automotive manufacturers providing more than two trailer weight ratings for the same tow vehicle.The RV Tow Check app has always provided a warning statement for users encouraging them not to exceed the manufacturers TWR regardless of any gross combination weight rating (GCWR) calculations.Many automobile manufacturers provide towing weight safety ratings for fifth wheel, gooseneck, and conventional trailers. Until recently, the fifth wheel and gooseneck ratings were mostly the same. Additionally, some auto manufacturers provide TWR for unbraked trailers, Gray said.Considering that manufacturers are providing multiple TWRs for one tow vehicle, it became clear to Gray that the RV Tow Check app should be revised to include user's to input the TWRs. Entering the two TWRs will ensure maximum towing safety and an improved selection of towing combinations.RV Tow Check is currently the only mobile friendly app that supports SAE J2807 guidelines and all manufacturers' towing safety and warranty warnings. "Most vehicle owner's manuals have the required information, but can be difficult to comprehend, and most, if not all, owner's manuals do not have adequate math formulas illustrated to calculate realistic vehicle towing capacity," Gray said.Gray states that the RV Tow Check app processed over 120,000 reports during 2016. To use the free web-based RV Tow Check app, visit RVtowCheck.com . This app will be available for mobile device installation later this year, said Gray.Located at FifthWheelStreet.com , Gray said it continues to be one of the fastest growing self-help RV safety websites. It was founded in April 2011 to promote towing safety by providing tow ratings, simplified weighing worksheets, web-based, and mobile app calculators as well as important articles, videos, and safety information to assist all who tow fifth wheel, gooseneck, and conventional trailers.
Dark chocolate is loaded with nutrients that can positively affect your health. Made from the seed of the cocoa tree, studies show that dark chocolate can improve your health and lower the risk of heart disease
VERY nutritious: It contains a decent amount of soluble fibre and is loaded with minerals. Dark chocolate with 70–85 per cent cocoa contains fibre, iron, magnesium, copper and manganese. It also has plenty of potassium, phosphorus, zinc and selenium.
The fatty acid profile of cocoa and dark chocolate is also excellent. The fats are mostly saturated and monounsaturated, with small amounts of polyunsaturated fat.
It also contains stimulants like caffeine and theobromine, but is unlikely to keep you awake at night as the amount of caffeine is very small.
Powerful Source of Antioxidants
ORAC stands for “oxygen radical absorbance capacity.” It is a measure of the antioxidant activity of foods.
Dark chocolate is loaded with organic compounds that are biologically active and function as antioxidants. These include polyphenols, flavanols and catechins, among others.
One study showed that cocoa and dark chocolate had more antioxidant activity, polyphenols and flavanols than any other fruits tested, which included blueberries and acai berries.
May improve blood flow and lower blood pressure
The flavanols in dark chocolate can stimulate the endothelium, the lining of arteries, to produce nitric oxide, NO. One of the functions of NO is to send signals to the arteries to relax, which lowers the resistance to blood flow and therefore reduces blood pressure.
Many controlled studies show that cocoa and dark chocolate can improve blood flow and lower blood pressure, though the effects are usually mild.
In a controlled study, cocoa powder was found to significantly decrease oxidized LDL cholesterol in men. It also increased HDL and lowered total LDL for those with heart disease.
Dark chocolate can also reduce insulin resistance, which is another common risk factor for many diseases like heart disease and diabetes.
In a study of 470 elderly men, cocoa was found to reduce the risk of death from heart disease by a whopping 50 per cent over a 15-year period. Another study revealed that eating chocolate two or more times per week lowered the risk of having calcified plaque in the arteries by 32 per cent. Eating chocolate less frequently had no effect.
Protect your skin from the sun: The bioactive compounds in dark chocolate may also be great for your skin.
The flavonols can protect against sun damage, improve blood flow to the skin and increase skin density and hydration. If you're planning a beach vacation, consider loading up on dark chocolate in the prior weeks and months.
Improve brain function
One study of healthy volunteers showed that eating high-flavanol cocoa for five days improved blood flow to the brain. Cocoa may also significantly improve cognitive function in elderly people with mental impairment. It may improve verbal fluency and several risk factors for disease, as well.
Additionally, cocoa contains stimulants like caffeine and theobromine, which may be a key reason why it can improve brain function in the short term.
The bottom line
There is considerable evidence that cocoa can provide powerful health benefits, being especially protective against heart disease. Of course, this doesn't mean you should go all out and consume lots of chocolate every day. It is still loaded with calories.
GENEVA (AP) — A group of U.N. human rights experts are expressing concerns about the health of the widow of late Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo, saying the Chinese government should let her seek treatment wherever she wishes.
The independent experts commissioned by the U.N.'s Human Rights Council reiterated their call to Chinese authorities to indicate where Liu Xia is being held, and to release her.
The U.N. rights office says she has been under house arrest since 2010, when her husband won the Nobel prize. He died in custody last year.
The experts say Liu Xia reportedly suffers from "severe psychological distress," pointing to audio recordings released in May in which she pleads for help.
Advertisement
She was last seen in public at his funeral, accompanied by authorities.
End
-- "Houseguest"is the new custom video series presented by the Sotheby's International Realty® brand in an exclusive collaboration with the Wall Street Journal Custom Studios. These 4 episode series follows influential and inspirational people as they become a houseguest in a home represented by the Sotheby's International Realty brand and meld their life with the unique lifestyle found with their extraordinary accommodations.: Kevin Red StarAs one of the most acclaimed artists of our time, Kevin Red Star, is a Native American Painter of American Indian Culture. Born and raised on the Crow Indian Nation in Lodge Grass, Montana, Kevin Red Star finds inspiration in his family, heritage and abundance of visual experience to compose a signature style and palette.In the first episode of Sotheby's International Realty® | Houseguest, Kevin Red Star visits a stunning home in Weehawken, New Jersey with almost touchable views of the New York City skyline. Watch how Kevin Red Star is inspired by his new and very different surroundings to create hislatest masterpiece.Sotheby's International Realty brand represents the finest luxury projects for sale in the world. Since 1744, the Sotheby's name has become renowned as a marketer for many of the world's most treasured possessions. Sotheby's International Realty, in keeping with this extraordinary reputation, has become a global leader in the representation of distinctive real estate. In essence, Sotheby's International Realty is synonymous with quality and service and is the most interconnected luxury real estate brokerage network in the world.
LONDON, April 20 European shares inched up on Thursday as strong results from Unilever lifted bluechip consumers staple stocks and helped offset weakness in the energy sector.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.3 percent by 0730GMT. The UK's FTSE 100 was up 0.2 percent.
Unilever was among the top boosts on the UK and European benchmarks, after the consumer sector bellwether posted a first-quarter sales beat, helped by price increases.
Unilever's gains supported the personal and household goods sector which rose up 0.8 percent. Nestle shares rose more than 1 percent.
Energy sector stocks were in the red, however, reeling from a sharp slide in oil prices overnight. Lundin Petroleum and Tullow Oil were among top fallers in the sector.
In another sign of a better backdrop for the asset management industry, British hedge fund Man Group shares rose 4.4 percent after it reported net inflows over the first quarter.
Pandora was up 4.3 percent, regaining ground after a broker downgrade hit it earlier in the week. The company updated its financial reporting structure, maintaining its outlook for 2017.
Construction equipment rental company Ashtead fell 3.7 percent after its U.S. peer United Rentals' results disappointed. (Reporting by Helen Reid, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
BRIEF-Italian bad loan manager doBank says filed for Milan bourse listing
* Shares to be offered in IPO will be sold by 97.81 percent shareholder Avio, which is indirectly controlled by Fortress Investment Group and Eurocastle Investment Limited Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan Newsroom)
Singapore private home sales in May fall 3.2 pct y/y
SINGAPORE, June 15 Sales in Singapore of private homes by developers fell in May from a year earlier, government data showed on Thursday.
(Reuters) - In its quarterly earnings report on Thursday, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) gave the first update in two years on what it calls its active installed base, the number of major products such as iPhones, iPads and Macs in use in the world. Apple said the base expanded 30 percent from two years ago to 1.3 billion.
That increase should have been seen as positive because Apple aims to become less dependent on selling iPhones and shift to selling its existing customers services like Apple Music or add-on devices like the Apple Watch or AirPods.
But analysts voiced skepticism. Apple's best-selling product, the iPhone, has seen relatively flat unit sales over the same two-year period. On Apple's earnings conference call, Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said that the combination of trends implies users are hanging on to their devices longer, and he asked Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook whether investors should be worried about that.
Cook responded that it was up to investors to decide what to focus on, but said he was comfortable with customers buying used iPhones.
When customers sell their old iPhone for a new one, the old iPhone “winds up with another customer somewhere else that is perfectly fine with having a previously owned iPhone. And so I view all of that to be incredibly positive. It's more people on iPhones, the better,” Cook said.
Laura Martin of Needham & Co pressed Cook on whether the larger device base meant more devices per user, or more users - an important question, because a user with both an iPad and iPhone is likely to only purchase one Apple Music subscription, for example.
Cook said “there are many, many, many more” Apple users than two years ago but declined to give an actual figure.
The signals on how well Apple is monetizing users were mixed. Sales of its “wearable” accessories - Beats headphones, AirPods and the Apple Watch - were up 70 percent year-over-year in the fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 30. But services revenue - which includes Apple Music, iCloud and the App Store - fell short of analysts' expectations for the December quarter, at $8.4 billion, and was down slightly from the previous quarter.
Apple has yet to disclose plans for how it will distribute the television shows in which it has been investing in recent months, which could become a large business.
“They've been building up the services business for several years, knowing full well that at some point the gravy train on smart phones is going to end,” said Bob O‘Donnell, head of Technalysis Research.
Contact
Brienne Schaefer
***@ebadvertising.com Brienne Schaefer
End
--Join Lake Lawn Resort as they bid farewell to the winter doldrums and celebrate the new warm season at their 3annual Spring Thaw Golf Scramble out on the 18-hole championship golf course. The tournament will feature a four-player team scramble format, and the winning first-, second- and third-place teams will take home cash payouts in addition to other prizes, raffles and contests.Sunday, April 3010 a.m. to 4 p.m.Lake Lawn Resort's Majestic Oaks Golf Course2400 E. Geneva St.Delavan, WI 53115Following the tournament, an optional skins game will be offered for those who want to continue ironing out their golf skills. A luncheon buffet will be available for all Spring Thaw Golf Scramble participants in the Champions Room, featuring various salads, chicken, burgers, chips, desserts and more.Entry into the 3annual Spring Thaw Golf Scramble at Lake Lawn Resort's Majestic Oaks golf course is $35 for members and $65 for nonmembers. An additional entry fee of $20 per team will be required for those interested in participating in the skins game.To register, call 262.725.9200. For more information, visit https://www.lakelawnresort.com/ events/spring- thaw-golf-sc... # # #The locally owned Lake Lawn Resort is a full-service leisure getaway, family retreat and convention facility on 250 wooded acres in Wisconsin's Geneva Lakes region. Lake Lawn Resort has been operating for more than 130 years and is the only property of its kind, just 90 minutes from Chicago and within 60 minutes of Milwaukee, Madison and Rockford. Lake Lawn Resort prides itself on having the preeminent selection of luxury guest rooms and suites, 271 in total. Rooms are complemented by 22 meeting venues overlooking Delavan Lake and amenities ranging from a lakeside 18-hole golf course and the full-service Calladora Spa to a tennis court, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, 165-slip marina, kid's activity center, miniature golf, and watersport rentals like paddle boards and kayaks, as well as jet skis, pontoons and speed boats. For more information, visit LakeLawnResort.com or call 800.338.5253.
April 6 Royal Mail Plc:
* General logistics systems has acquired U.S. overnight parcel delivery company, Postal Express
* Total consideration paid is aabout $13.3 million and the transaction is expected to be economic profit accretive for GLS in 2018-19
* Postal express will be consolidated within GLS for reporting purposes but managed as a separate entity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
News Desk
ISLAMABAD: Enduring the promise to better the lives of host communities of Tharparkar, Sindh Engro Coal Mining Company (SECMC) has engaged a highly reputable philanthropic health service provider, the Indus Hospital to take functioning of its on-site free Mother and Child Clinic situated in Thar Coal Block II.
SECMC has entered an agreement with The Indus Hospital on Tuesday which was signed by SECMC CEO, Mr. Shamsuddin Shaikh and Indus Hospital's CEO, Dr. Abdul Bari at a simple ceremony. The Indus hospital will manage the entire operations of the Clinic under their own management by providing necessary and quality healthcare facilities and services.
Given the high Maternal Mortality Rate and Infant Mortality Rate in Tharparkar region, the Clinic was initiated in June 2015 by SECMC initiated as Marvi Mother and Child Health Clinic at its centrally located Site Office. Several local community members are involved in the running of the weekly clinic, whilst dispensary staff from a local pharmacy in Islamkot has been engaged. The clinic also provides medicines free of cost to females and children.
Briefing about the venture, Mr. Shamsuddin Shaikh said, the health facility is fully equipped with a specialized female gynecologist, a qualified nurse, provision of an ultrasound machine, Gynae/Ops related medical checkup, free of cost medical consultation services and provision of free medicines. Total number of patients to date at the clinic has been around 6,000. He said, that the clinic has been one of our success stories in providing better health care facilities to the people of Block II and surrounding areas.
He was of the view that provision of quality health care and education related services has been one of the top priorities of SECMC since the advent of the Thar Coal Project.
“It will always be the Company's foremost priority to safeguard and improve the quality of life of its local communities so they may benefit from development rather than be hindered by it,” he added. He hoped that the new endeavor will take off on a larger scale with the help of top notch medical expertise of the Indus hospital and its management.
Dr. Abdul Bari also expressed his thoughts saying that it has been our mission to provide free of cost health care to underprivileged areas.
“Starting operations in Thar with the help of SECMC is the break of a new dawn for the future of not only Sindh but Pakistan overall,” he said. “Indus Hospital will be taking charge to manage daily operations at the clinic following this agreement. In addition to this, Indus Hospital will be constructing a larger 100-bed hospital in the Islamkot Taluka in the coming months so that the people of this area have a proper healthcare facility to their disposal,” said Dr. Bari.
It is pertinent to mention that the socio-economic conditions of Thar Coal Block II is no different to the overall poor human conditions in district Tharparkar. For total population of 9,000 of 8 villages access to the nearest free of cost health care facility is around 80 kilometers away – thus making access to immediate care exceptionally challenging.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
Bart Layton's inventive film is based on a real crime
Film | by Jorge Ignacio Castillo
American Animals
Broadway Theatre
Opens July 13
U.S. conservative groups treat Millennials as entitled, Tide-pod swallowing, lazy brats. They've been raised as if they were special (“It's Mr. Rogers fault!”, some pundit screamed in Fox News not long ago), but are unwilling to do the work.
This perception is incorrect. As with anything, generalizations don't grasp societal complexities. Just consider the March for Our Lives movement: Millennials may yet become a force for change at the highest level.
Alas, there is a kernel of truth behind the oversimplification. Otherwise, it wouldn't be so pervasive.
American Animals dives into this area and the results are worth paying attention. It's built like a 48 Hours-style crime flick but its depth and complexity just increases as it goes along. Multiple topics are dexterously juggled and — for the most part — it sticks the landing.
Spencer (Barry Keoghan, The Killing of the Sacred Deer) and Warren (Evan Peters, American Horror Story) are childhood friends raised to overachieve. Yet by the time they land in university both are adrift, not quite the all-American youths they thought they'd become.
Spencer in particular is different. He wants to become an artist, but unlike the painters he admires, he hasn't had any significant life troubles to draw inspiration from.
An opportunity materializes in the shape of old, rare books that could fetch up to $12 million in the black market. The texts are under the care of a librarian (Ann Dowd, The Handmaid's Tale), but outside of some perfunctory glass cases, they're shockingly unprotected. The likelihood of success convinces Spencer and Warren to take a walk on the wild side and get a taste of what they believe is “real life”.
With the addition of two accomplices (Jared Abrahamson and Blake Jenner), the planning gets underway. But since none of them has the slightest criminal experience — let alone the cold blood required — you know from early on the heist is going to collapse. How badly? You just have to watch.
I don't necessarily agree with the main premise of American Animals, but one has to respect the clarity and intelligence with which the movie makes its point. The idea that overachieving leads to the need to establish oneself as superior by any means isn't new, and is very much disproven by every successful and well-adjusted Ivy League graduate.
Writer/director Bart Layton (from the superb doc The Imposter) creates characters that are both complex and sympathetic, if not necessarily likeable. His vision is supported by a terrific cast. Not a dud in this bunch, with Canadian Jared Abrahamson (Hello Destroyer) as the stand-out by playing against type as the bookish brains of the operation (his only qualification is being nerdy).
Layton adds layers to an already compelling story, from documentary-style interviews with the actual thieves to a fantasy/dream dimension. The three planes of existence bleed into each other and add up to a richer experience than a mere true-crime story.
There is a version of American Animals that's a laugh-out-loud comedy. This is not it. Sure, there are laughs to be had, but they are coated in pathos. Regardless, it's well worth your time.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says his cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which he led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Aug 11 (Reuters) - Butte Energy Inc-
* Butte Energy Inc - ‍tyron Pfeifer has resigned as president and chief executive officer of company, with effect as of August 9, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Dec 10 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Croatian championship matches on Sunday Sunday, December 10 Rijeka 2 Slaven Belupo Koprivnica 0 NK Lokomotiva 0 Hajduk Split 2 Saturday, December 9 Dinamo Zagreb 5 Istra 1961 1 Osijek 3 NK Rudes 0 Friday, December 8 Inter Zapresic 3 HNK Cibalia 2 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Dinamo Zagreb 19 14 5 0 44 13 47 ------------------------- 2 Osijek 19 9 8 2 31 18 35 3 Hajduk Split 19 10 5 4 34 22 35 ------------------------- 4 Rijeka 19 10 2 7 35 18 32 ------------------------- 5 Inter Zapresic 19 7 5 7 26 29 26 6 NK Lokomotiva 19 6 4 9 18 27 22 7 Slaven Belupo Koprivnica 19 5 5 9 13 20 20 8 HNK Cibalia 19 5 2 12 23 41 17 ------------------------- 9 Istra 1961 19 4 4 11 16 29 16 ------------------------- 10 NK Rudes 19 2 6 11 18 41 12 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 9: Relegation play-off 10: Relegation
DUBAI, April 3 Mashreq, Dubai's third-biggest bank by assets, said on Monday that Nabeel Waheed will take over from John Iossifidis as head of corporate and investment banking.
Waheed is currently Mashreq's head of treasury and capital markets.
Iossifidis, who has been at Mashreq since 2009, is leaving to pursue other opportunities, the bank said.
Iossifidis is set to become chief executive of Dubai's Noor Bank, three banking sources told Reuters. (Reporting by Hadeel Al Sayegh and Tom Arnold; editing by Jason Neely)
April 3 Russia's holding company Sistema says:
* The board of directors has recommended a final dividend for 2016 of 0.81 roubles ($0.0145) per share, or 7.8 billion roubles in total;
* The total amount of the interim and final dividends for 2016 is expected to be 11.5 billion roubles, which is equivalent to a dividend yield of 6 percent based on Sistema's weighted average share price in 2016;
* Sistema has adopted a new dividend policy targeting minimum annual dividend per share and minimum dividend yield;
* On April 1, 2017, Sistema's board approved increases of minimum annual dividend yield to 6 percent from 4 percent and minimum dividend per share to 1.19 roubles from 0.67 roubles. Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.0363 roubles) (Reporting By Moscow Newsroom)
Two kittens thrown out of car onto Auckland motorway in 'despicable act' - do you know who did it?
One kitten is dead and the SPCA want to find out who did this.
WOWE concludes with live raptor show
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
Word is getting out about the Winter Outdoor Wildlife Expo (WOWE).
The 5-day long festival, which showcases the best of the Rio Grande Valley's native flora and fauna, was a resounding success this year, as both well-established events and new attractions drew an extra 400 people compared to the 2017 WOWE.
“The last couple of days were really great,” South Padre Island Birding and Nature (BNC) Naturalist Javier Gonzalez said. A total of 1,701 people attended WOWE throughout the week this year, compared to approximately 1,300 last year, he said.
“People are catching on to WOWE more and more every year. The speakers are getting better. We're getting more interested people that enjoy it,” he said.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
In Crawley we have an MP who has conviction and who makes a difference. On the 3rd of February 2015, Crawley MP Henry Smith put forward an Adjournment debate in the House of Commons calling for the mandatory introduction of CCTV in slaughterhouses. This followed the release of secret recordings that showed shocking and appalling mistreatment of animals in a slaughterhouse.
Henry stated the following at the time. “CCTV in slaughterhouses provides welfare oversight and helps prevent abuse; something, from the appalling scenes witnessed, is clearly now needed. Most supermarkets have already taken decisive action. All the major chains now insist that their slaughterhouse suppliers have CCTV installed. I am pleased to have support of over 170 MPs, and that 80,000 people have signed a petition on the Government website. Personally I've been vegetarian for over a quarter-of-a-century because of animal welfare and food sustainability reasons, but I believe the vast majority of those who eat meat also want to know that their food has been produced without cruelty.”
I agreed with that and took the view that while voluntary introduction at many slaughterhouses was welcome, only the mandatory introduction can truly ensure the safeguards needed at every slaughterhouse. Henry's efforts paid off when this subsequently became part of the Conservative manifesto in this year's general election.
Then, last week, the Environment Secretary Michael Gove announced new plans to make CCTV mandatory in all slaughterhouses in England and it looks like the Welsh government is to follow suit. These rules will be phased in over the next year and Food Standards Agency vets will be able to ask to see footage of all areas where livestock are held. Any slaughterhouses found to be failing welfare standards could face a criminal investigation or lose staff licences.
While we do have some of the highest animal welfare standards in the world, and we should be rightly proud of the way in which the UK has led the way in the protection of animals, Henry Smith recognised that on this issue, there was more to be done and successfully called for positive change.
April 5Best Union Company SpA:
* Said on Tuesday that newco Ticket Holding acquired a 75.4 pct stake in co's share capital
* On Dec. 28, 2016, co's top shareholders signed an investment agreement with Bravo Capital according to which they would transfer their stakes to a newco
* Ticket Holding's wholly owned unit, Time for Ticket, will launch a mandatory takeover bid on co's share capital at the price of 3.00 euros ($3.20) per share
* The aim of the takeover bid is the delisting of Best Union
Source text: www.1info.it
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9369 euros) ($1 = 0.9377 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON (Reuters) - Premier League champions Chelsea suffered an embarrassing home defeat on the first Saturday of the new season, having two men sent off as unfancied Burnley beat them 3-2 at Stamford Bridge.
Antonio Conte's disjointed side struggled from the early stages when captain Gary Cahill was dismissed for a lunging tackle and they found themselves three-nil down at halftime to a team who gained only seven points away from home all last season.
Wales international Sam Vokes scored two of the goals and Stephen Ward the other.
New signing Alvaro Morata from Real Madrid came on to pull one back midway through the second half and then provided an assist for David Luiz, but in-between midfielder Cesc Fabregas was also sent off for a second yellow card.
It was a dispiriting afternoon for Conte, who won the title in his first season at the club but has complained that Chelsea have not signed enough new players while allowing several to leave.
Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp protested that Watford's stoppage-time equaliser by Manuel Britos in an entertaining 3-3 draw should have been disallowed for offside.
Britos was standing almost on the line before nudging in the loose ball after Simon Mignolet pushed it onto the bar.
"We were unlucky in the end," Klopp said. "The equaliser was offside. It's obvious because the linesman is on the line. He needs to see it.
"We would have had defensive areas we need to work on if we'd won 3-2. We were the better team, we should have won."
After the opening game of the season on Friday produced seven goals and a late winner for Arsenal, who beat Leicester City 4-3, the two teams at Vicarage Road served up more of the same entertainment for a worldwide television audience -- including some poor defending.
Football Soccer - Premier League - Chelsea vs Burnley - London, Britain - August 12, 2017 Burnley's Tom Heaton celebrates after the match with Stephen Ward Dylan Martinez
The home side, under new manager Marco Silva, led twice through Stefano Okaka and Abdoulaye Doucoure but Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, with a penalty, both equalised.
Debutant Mohamed Salah seemed to have won the points for the visitors before Britos's dramatic late intervention.
Promoted Huddersfield Town, playing in the top flight for the first time since 1972 and widely tipped for relegation, cruised to a 3-0 win away to Crystal Palace.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Record signing Steve Mounie, the Benin striker from Montpellier who cost 13 million euros ($15.36 million), scored once in each half after Palace's Joel Ward put through his own goal.
Wayne Rooney scored on his return to Everton from Manchester United to give the Merseysiders a 1-0 victory at home to Stoke City. It was his 199th Premier League goal and first for Everton since 2004.
Egyptian defender Ahmed Hegazi, on loan to West Bromwich Albion from Al Ahly, scored on his debut in the 1-0 win at home to Bournemouth.
There were no goals on the south coast between Southampton and Swansea City. That meant the Saints have not scored at home in their last six games.
Promoted Brighton were playing at home to Manchester City in the late game on Saturday.
($1 = 0.7686 pounds)
($1 = 0.8463 euros)
According to officials, North Atlantic right whales are on the brink of extinction after enduring a deadly year.
Year 2017 has been the worst for North Atlantic right whales, which were already on the brink of extinction.
Recently, their worldwide population declined to just 450, and of them, 17 died this year alone.
According to U.S. federal government officials, the endangered whales might become extinct unless any new measures are taken for their protection. The numbers of the North Atlantic right whales, which are considered to be among the rarest marine mammals of all whale species in the world, have plunged since 2010.
According to The Guardian, a year of high mortality has coincided with a year of poor reproduction, aggravating the population of female whales that have shrunk faster than their male counterparts. As of recent times, almost only 100 breeding females are left.
“You do have to use the extinction word, because that's where the trend lines say they are,” said John Bullard, the Northeast Regional Administrator for NOAA Fisheries. “That's something we can't let happen.”
What's worse, humans continue to threaten the lives of these whales. “The current status of the right whales is a critical situation, and using our available resources to recover right whales is of high importance and high urgency,” said Mark Murray-Brown, an Endangered Species Act consultant for NOAA.
Vessel strikes and entanglement in fishing gear such as nets are commonly cited reasons for the right whale's death. According to a study, published in the journal Endangered Species Research, scientists examined right whale feces and found whales that suffer long entanglements in fishing gear produce hormone levels that indicate high stress. The stress has a negative impact on their ability to reproduce even when they survive entanglement.
“My colleagues are trying to find solutions so we can find out how they can continue to fish, but not entangle whales,” said the study's co-author, Elizabeth Burgess, an associate scientist with the Anderson Cabot Center for Ocean Life at the New England Aquarium in Boston.
Meanwhile, another study published in the journal Nature Scientific Reports, suggests the whales move around much more than previously thought. According to some scientists, the whales might be venturing outside of protected areas in search of food, putting themselves in danger.
The Trump administration is not doing anything to protect the right whale. In fact in June; Team Trump discarded a rule protecting endangered whales and sea turtles dying off long sea nets.
Read More Gut-Wrenching Video Shows Starving Polar Bear Walking On Iceless Land
Thumbnail Credits: Reuters, Maxi Jonas
March 31 Asia Development Capital Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to acquire 80 percent stake of shares in a Tokyo-based firm China Commerce (target firm 1), which is engaged in Unionpay online shopping mall operation business, with transaction amount undetermined, in late-April
* Co plans to acquire 3,000 shares in a Chiba-based firm (target firm 2) engaged in pawnshop business, for 32 million yen, raising stake in it to 74 percent from 35 percent, on April 3
* Says co will acquire shares in the two target firms via private placement plan offered by them
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/NHtExD ; goo.gl/WExOnZ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Aug 11 (Reuters) -
* S&P says Vermont's series 2017A and B general obligation bonds rated 'aa+' with a stable outlook; other ratings affirmed‍​
* S&P-ratings reflect opinion of vermont's strong financial,budget management policies that have contributed to consistent reserve,liquidity levels over time‍​
SOCHI, Russia, April 29 Kimi Raikkonen, the Formula One Finn who has turned understatement into an art form, lived up to his laconic best after he and Ferrari teammate Sebastian Vettel locked out the front row in Russian Grand Prix qualifying.
"A one-two for the team is not bad," the 2007 world champion acknowledged to reporters.
If ever there was a case for the church bells of Maranello to peal in jubilation at Ferrari success on a Saturday, and for the locals to maybe crack open the spumante a day early, the afternoon in Sochi was surely one of them.
Ferrari have not started a grand prix on pole position since September 2015 and it has been nearly nine years, an age for the sport's oldest and most successful team, since the red cars lined up together on the front row.
Saturday was only the sixth time since 2008 that Ferrari fans, whose glamour team failed to win a race in 2016, had been able to celebrate a pole position.
But the red tide appears to have turned, with Vettel winning two of the first three races this season and now adding a pole to the mix.
A third win from the opening four races, a feat again unseen since 2008, is definitely on the cards.
If Raikkonen barely modulated his tone, Vettel was far more excited.
"For now we're full of joy," declared the four-times champion, who won his titles at Red Bull.
"We're very happy that we're back -- at least if you talk about the front row for Saturday -- and obviously we'll try and take the momentum into the race tomorrow.
"For the team it's a great day today. Mercedes has been very, very dominant the last years in qualifying, so it's good to get there, get closer," added the German, who refused to let any concerns cloud the occasion.
Asked by an Italian reporter about the possibility of penalties further down the road as a result of having to replace engine components, Vettel expressed mock outrage.
"He's Italian, he should be over the moon. Everybody in Italy I'm sure is very happy now and you're the only Italian in the world that finds a reason to be negative. You should be ashamed," he exclaimed.
"Maybe I think you will have a great chance to get a German passport because usually Germans always find a reason to complain.
"If there's a hard time when you get back to Italy you're welcome to Germany." (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neville Dalton)
UPDATE 2-Fed poised to move on plan to gradually trim its bond holdings
NEW YORK, June 14 The U.S. Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5-trillion portfolio on Wednesday, mapping out a very gradual approach to shedding assets that allows it to begin the tricky process as soon as September.
Britain Football Soccer - Everton v Chelsea - Premier League - Goodison Park - 30/4/17 Chelsea's Pedro celebrates scoring their first goal with teammates as a fan invades the pitch Reuters / Phil Noble Livepic
EVERTON 0 CHELSEA 3
Chelsea took a major step towards the Premier League title with an impressive 3-0 win over Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday.
A brilliant strike from Pedro in the 66th minute broke the deadlock and then goals from skipper Gary Cahill and substitute Willian made sure of the three points for Antonio Conte's side.
With four games to play, Chelsea are now seven points ahead of second-placed Tottenham, who take on Arsenal in their North London derby later on Sunday.
The four remaining fixtures look straightforward -- Chelsea are at home to Middlesbrough, at West Brom and then at home to Watford and relegated Sunderland and it would take an unlikely series of upsets to stop the West London club from winning their second title in three seasons.
"It feels massive, we did what we need to do and it is a great victory, we knew this was like a final," Cahill told Sky Sports.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman had no doubt his team had lost to the team who will win the title.
"It is really tough to beat Chelsea. They showed today their belief and their quality. They will be champions," he said.
If Chelsea were going to slip up late in their title bid then surely it was the trip to Goodison Park to face a seventh-placed Everton who had lost just once at home all season which presented the biggest danger.
There was no sign of a wobble from the Londoners, however, and they came through this test with barely a hint of nerves.
Everton were without their key French international defensive midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin, who was ruled out with a thigh injury, and that robbed them of the solidity that has been a feature of their recent performances.
Nonetheless, the home side started brightly with Dominic Calvert-Lewin striking the post in the second minute after a sublime pass from Ross Barkley.
Koeman's side struggled to create real openings, however, and Chelsea grew increasingly dominant after the break.
Pedro broke the deadlock in spectacular fashion, making some space for himself and then beating Maarten Stekelenburg with a left-foot drive from 25 metres out that flew into the top corner.
The visitors doubled their advantage when Stekelenburg could only parry out a low, diagonal free kick from Eden Hazard and captain Cahill pounced to fire home the loose ball.
Two Chelsea substitutes combined for the third goal, four minutes from the end, when, after a clever exchange with Diego Costa, Cesc Fabregas slipped the ball to Willian for a simple close-range conversion.
The visiting fans applauded their team off the field at the end, confident that there will be more celebrations to come in the next few weeks.
"This was an important win but now we need to take it game by game and win these games," said Conte.
"This has been an important week for us and we have ended it positively," he said.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Columbus defenseman Zach Werenski will miss the rest of the postseason because of a broken cheekbone.
The Blue Jackets announced the decision Monday, one day after the 19-year-old rookie took a puck to the face on a shot by Pittsburgh's Phil Kessel that opened a gash on his right cheek in the second period.
He played a couple shifts in the third period with a full facemask, but his eye swelled shut and he had to sit out the rest of the game. He tweeted a photo of his face after the game that showed his eye nearly swollen shut.
Pittsburgh won the game 5-4 in overtime for a 3-0 lead in their first-round series. Game 4 is Tuesday night.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
NEW YORK (AP) — New York City's deadly helicopter crash has prompted the National Transportation Safety Board to call on federal regulators to prohibit commercial flights that use passenger harness systems that do not allow for easy release.
The NTSB's recommendation on Monday comes after last week's helicopter crash in the East River. Five passengers who couldn't free themselves from their harnesses drowned. The pilot escaped.
The Federal Aviation Administration on Friday temporarily grounded open-door flights involving restraints that cannot be quickly released. It also said it was conducting a review of its rules governing such flights.
NTSB Chairman Robert Sumwalt applauds the agency's move, but says "definitive action needs to be taken."
Advertisement
FAA spokesman Greg Martin says the grounding was a first step and that more formal action is expected.
April 28 Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc:
* Anthera Pharmaceuticals says announced reverse stock split of its common stock, effective as of April 28, 2017 at 5:00 P.M. Eastern Time
* Anthera Pharmaceuticals announces 1-for-8 reverse split of stock
* Reverse stock split will reduce number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding from about 80.6 million to about 10.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Corrects name of company's founder in second to last paragraph)
MILAN, March 30 Nutella-maker Ferrero said on Thursday it would appoint its first chief executive from outside its founding family, as it strives to become more competitive and grow faster abroad.
From September, the company's head of central and eastern Europe, Lapo Civiletti, will replace Giovanni Ferrero as CEO.
The decision marks another shift in strategy for the Italian confectioner, which started making small acquisitions in recent years after Giovanni Ferrero became the company's sole CEO in 2011 following the death of his brother. Before then, the group had mostly relied on internal growth.
The only surviving scion of the Ferrero family will become executive chairman and be responsible for the group's long-term strategy.
Italian family-owned businesses are often criticised for their reluctance to cede control to external managers or bring in other investors.
Ferrero reported earlier this week an 8.5 percent rise in sales to 10.3 billion euros ($11 billion) for the 12 months through August.
The confectioner was founded in 1946 in northwest Italy by Pietro Ferrero and grew under his son Michele, who died two years ago. It now sells products including Ferrero Rocher pralines in 170 countries around the world.
Last year, it bought Belgium-based biscuits maker Delacre and earlier this month took control of U.S.-based chocolatier Fannie May.
($1 = 0.9327 euros) (Reporting by Francesca Landini; Editing by Mark Potter)
May 2 ONEOK Inc
* ONEOK says effective May 2, 2017, Kevin S. Mccarthy resigned as a director of oneok
* ONEOK says in connection with Mccarthy's resignation, size of board was reduced from 11 members to 10 members Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - OLAINFARM:
* SAYS CHAIRMAN VALERIJS MALIGINS' WILL TO LEAVE CO'S SHARES TO ALL THREE OF HIS DAUGHTERS IN EQUAL PARTS‍​ Source text : bit.ly/2DXpt5O Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — Fire officials say up to 10 infants have been relocated safely away from smoke in a southwest Ohio hospital.
Dayton District Fire Chief James Rose tells the Dayton Daily News that Miami Valley Hospital staffers moved the babies from the Berry Women's Center before firefighters arrived in response to the smoke. He says the smoke came from an overheated motor and that crews were able to clear the smoke with ventilation.
Rose said early Monday that most of the smoke was contained from spreading.
He says there were no injuries.
FILE PHOTO: A Union flag flies next to the flag of the European Union in London, Britain, January 24, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville/File Photo
LONDON An acrimonious Brexit, in which Britain declines to honour its existing financial obligations could put pressure on the European Union's 'double A' rating, S&P Global said on Monday.
Having recently triggered the EU exit process, Britain's government is facing a request from the European Commission to honour its existing financial obligations, which reportedly could reach 60 billion euros.
S&P said the claims were unlikely to be legally enforceable however, and that the EU's rating could suffer if the UK didn't stump up the money.
"The European Union (AA-Stable/A-1+) ratings could come under pressure in an adverse scenario," S&P said.
"This is because our ratings on the EU are to a certain extent predicated on our expectation that the UK would honour its share of financial obligations to the EU."
It said a non-payment of obligations would not constitute a default by Britain.
The ratings of a handful of multilateral lenders the UK pays into could also come under pressure, S&P Global said.
Multilateral lenders including the European Investment Bank, the Inter-American Development Bank, Council of Europe Development Bank, African Development Bank, and Eurofima could all see their ratings reviewed.
(Reporting by Marc Jones, editing by Nigel Stephenson)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Domino's Pizza in Turkey, Russia aims for $422 mln share market valuation
LONDON, June 15 DP Eurasia, the Domino's Pizza franchise holder in Russia and Turkey, has set a price range of between 200 and 230 pence a share for its initial public offer on the London Stock Exchange, implying a market capitalisation of up to 331 million pounds ($422 million).
JERUSALEM, April 28 A Swiss court has rejected an appeal by Egyptian energy companies after a French court last year ordered them to pay $2 billion in compensation to state-owned Israel Electric Corp (IEC), the Israeli utility said.
An IEC statement on Friday said that Egyptian Natural Gas (EGAS) and Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation (EGPC) were liable because they were unable to fulfil their commitment to provide it with natural gas for its power stations.
The Egyptian petroleum ministry was not immediately available for comment.
Egypt sold gas to Israel under a 20-year agreement that collapsed in 2012 after months of repeated attacks by insurgents on a pipeline serving Israel in Egypt's remote Sinai peninsula.
In 2015, an international arbitrator said Egypt should pay nearly $2 billion in compensation because of the halt in the gas supply, leading to tensions between the two neighbours.
The breakdown in supply had forced IEC to revert to using more expensive diesel and fuel oil to drive its generators, which also raised pollution levels in the country. (Writing by Ori Lewis; Editing by Mark Potter)
(Repeats Wednesday item without changes)
By Jemima Kelly
LONDON, April 5 With France's presidential election a potential banana skin-in-waiting for markets, forecasting sites that rely neither on voter surveys nor real-money betting are becoming a tool of choice for financiers and policymakers in search of an edge.
After years of anxiety about the accuracy of opinion polls, investors had increasingly come to rely on political betting odds as a more consistent barometer of election outcomes affecting billions of dollars of holdings.
But 2016 changed all that, as bookies and pollsters misfired over Britain's referendum vote to leave the European Union and Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election win - though they partly redeemed themselves in last month's Dutch election.
Some reckon France could deliver a similar shock next month: a presidency for the far right, anti-EU Marine Le Pen.
Though polling has consistently shown her losing the May run-off by around 20 percentage points, bookies and U.S. prediction markets put Le Pen's chances of winning at around 1 in 4 – comparable to the odds on a Trump victory on U.S. election eve.
So, with opinion surveys also consistently showing a third or more of French voters could still change their mind, how do markets navigate these murky waters?
"IT'S HOW YOU THINK"
Offering a different perspective are Hypermind, a company that allows punters to "bet" on the outcomes of geopolitical events using play-money, and other crowd-forecasters like U.S.-based Good Judgment Inc.
Hypermind, which selects amateurs for its panel via a test, says some eight in 10 of its almost 2,500 forecasters on the French election come from France.
Its system gives those who consistently predict outcomes correctly an increasingly strong voice, while eventually dropping those who do not - and it puts the chance of a Le Pen victory at around 1 in 8.
"What makes a good forecaster is not previous expertise in the domain; it's not how much you know about what you're trying to forecast," said Hypermind co-founder Emile Servan-Schreiber, who has a background in cognitive psychology. "It's how you think."
He declined to identify any of his clients but said they included hedge funds, banks and government agencies.
That may be down to Hypermind's track record.
Its research shows that, in the two months before the event, it assigned the highest chances of Brexit and Trump out of eight statistics-based and crowd-based forecasters, including U.S prediction market PredictIt, British betting site Betfair and website FiveThirtyEight.
In research after Trump's victory, The Washington Post put Hypermind and the Good Judgment Open - a project of Good Judgment Inc based on the same principle - as the most accurate forecasters.
Hypermind grew out of research funded by the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA), a U.S. government body set up in 2006 to develop new methods for the secret service work in the post-9/11 era.
Between 2011 and 2015, IARPA ran a contest to predict the outcomes of around 500 geopolitical events.
The winning group was the Good Judgment Project (GJP), which used similar methodology to Hypermind to produce collective “wisdom of the crowd” forecasts.
Hypermind was one of two commercial spin-offs by GJP participants. The other was Good Judgment Inc.
FRENCH CONNECTION
Once chosen, Hypermind's forecasters are given 100,000 units of "play money" to bet with. The more accurately they predict, the more they accumulate, but if they lose it they fall out of the panel, which happens to around 1 in 10.
Hypermind is UK-registered but was set up by two Frenchmen. Its website is in French and English and this has helped to attract many forecasters in France.
Hypermind does not ask the nationality of panel applicants, but given that most of them are based in France, Servan-Schreiber reckons Hypermind's forecast is more representative of the French vote.
"The further you are removed from French territory, the more you see Le Pen as a high probability," he said.
UK bookmaker Ladbrokes says some of the people who bet on Trump and Brexit -- and reaped the rewards -- are trying their luck again with Le Pen, despite the strong lead enjoyed by centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron.
That is skewing bookies' odds in her favour. There is also a lack of understanding of how France's two-round voting system works, and the bookies' reluctance to leave themselves out of pocket.
On Wednesday Ladbrokes online odds of a Le Pen victory were 3 to 1, reflecting around a 25 percent chance.
"Le Pen's odds are overestimating her chances of winning," said the firm's head of political betting, Matthew Shaddick.
"If the people who were actually voting and really understood the system were allowed to participate in these betting markets, I suspect her odds wouldn't be quite so favourable."
In France, betting is restricted to sports and horseracing.
While it might have done better than others over Brexit and or Trump, Hypermind gave a less than 50 percent chance of each outcome.
But for Servan-Schreiber, assigning 1 in 3 odds on an event that occurs is not "getting it wrong". Rather, it reflects that one in three times, it will materialise.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; editing by John Stonestreet)
April 28 Vince Holding Corp
* Vince holding corp. Reports fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results
* Q4 sales fell 21.9 percent to $63.9 million
* Q4 same store sales fell 20.5 percent
* Q4 loss per share $3.28 including items
* Q4 earnings per share view $-0.05, revenue view $74.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Made decision to suspend 2017 sales and eps guidance
* Inventory at end of q4 of fiscal 2016 was $38.5 million compared to $36.6 million at end of q4 of fiscal 2015
* Vince holding - concluded there is substantial doubt about co's ability to continue as going concern for 12 months following date financial statements issued
* Substantial doubt about co's ability to comply with consolidated net total leverage ratio under its term loan facility
* Identified deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting that were assessed as material weaknesses
* Taking specific steps to remediate these material weaknesses by implementing and enhancing its control procedures Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-United Insurance Holdings previews Q2-2017 catastrophe losses
* United Insurance Holdings - estimated net retained catastrophe losses incurred during Q2 ending June 30, 2017 of about $20 million before income taxes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SHANGHAI China's economic planner on Thursday approved China Eastern Airlines' (600115.SS)(0670.HK) 13.2-billion-yuan (1.54 billion pounds) plan for a base at an expansive new airport in Beijing that could eventually be the world's largest, when completed.
The National Development and Reform Commission said in a statement on its website that the base will cover 1.17 million square meters, and 30 percent of the investment, or 3.96 billion yuan, will be funded by China Eastern.
The remaining 92.4 billion yuan will be financed using domestic bank loans, the statement added.
China plans to complete the first phase by 2019, and will be able to serve 45 million passengers a year with four runways on the first opening. Two more phases would push the capacity to an annual count of 100 million passengers.
That would put the airport as the world's largest in surface area, roughly in line with Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, the world's busiest by number of annual passengers.
Upon completion, rival state carrier, China Southern Airlines Co Ltd (600029.SS), will also relocate to the new airport from the existing Beijing Capital International Airport, the airport project managers told reporters last year.
They said China Eastern and China Southern will handle 40 percent of the new airport's footfalls.
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
2018 marks the year we wave goodbye to a number of retail and restaurant brands, with the likes of Toys R Us, Maplin and Carpetright being just a few of the biggest names who are closing down.
High street retail giants Debenhams and House of Fraser recently announced plans to close a number of their department stores resulting in hundreds of job losses, while eateries Prezzo and Jamie's Italian are also shutting some of their branches.
British Home Stores was founded in 1928 and managed an impressive 88 years of trading
With online shopping and services such as Deliveroo and Just Eat providing consumers with a more convenient alternative to trawling the city centre streets, it's likely these won't be the last closures of 2018.
Here are a few other big brands we've bid farewell to over the years.
Allders
It was once one of the biggest retail chains in the UK but after running into financial difficulties, the company went into administration in 2005 with all but one of its 45 stores forced into closure.
Allders department store closed down in 2005, after the company went into administration
The Croydon store continued trading until 2012 after it was purchased by Harold Tillman, owner of the fashion chain Jaegar, but it was later closed for good on 17 January 2013.
Woolworths
Famed for its pick 'n' mix sweets, school clothing and stationary offering, Woolworths may have been a popular stop on the high street but it was forced into administration in 2008, after struggling with £385 million of debt.
Its 800 stores were closed down and more than 27,000 people lost their jobs.
Renting videos, DVD and games is now a thing of the past, thanks to the rise of online streaming
Blockbuster
It may now be considered old school, but heading out to rent a DVD on an evening was the thing to do before online streaming came about.
It was once the place go for entertainment, but it met its demise in 2013 and its 528 stores are no more.
Lewis's
The British sports retailer met it end in 2012 after its share collapsed to 1.2 million
Opened in Liverpool 1856, Lewis's was a much loved department store and its flagship home store served as the location of the world's first Christmas grotto in 1879, entitled 'Christmas Fairyland'.
The company went into administration several times over the years, but it saw its final day on 29 May 2010 having been hit by the recession and been unable to compete with rival brands.
BHS
It managed an impressive 88 years of trading, but the clothing and houseware stores presence on the high street came to an end in 2016 having failed to meet competition posed by other brands.
However, a website is still up and running and offers plenty of bargain prices.
JJB Sports
The sports retailer was the place to go for all of the latest active wear and sport equipment, but it met its end in 2012 having dropped from being worth £500 million in 2010 to a mere £1.2 million just two years later.
Rival retailer, Sports Direct, bought the brand name, website and twenty stores in October 2012 for a cost of £28.3 million, saving around 550 jobs.
Comet
The electrical retailer saw its final day on 18 December 2012 after a long 79 years of trading.
Its 236 stores were closed and its bitter end cost the government around £49 million in redundancy payments.
Zavvi
It once boasted more than 100 stores around the UK, but the entertainment retailer - originally Virgin Megastore - vanished from the high street in 2009, although its website is still up and running today.
Borders
Having suffered from competition posed by online retailers and cut-price supermarkets, Borders bookshop met its last chapter in 20009, with financial difficulties leading to the closure of its 45 UK stores.
VICTORIA — A former Olympic rower who mysteriously disappeared for nearly 18 months has been sentenced to 13 months in jail after pleading guilty to fraud.
Harold Backer pleaded guilty Wednesday in Victoria provincial court to a single charge of fraud over $5,000.
The three-time Olympian had been facing two charges of fraud over $5,000 and had pleaded not guilty on both counts.
Judge Carmen Rogers also gave the former investment dealer three years of probation. In an agreed statement of facts, Backer promised to pay restitution of $161,900 to five people.
(Corrects name of firm and location in paragraph 3)
* S&P and Dow headed for biggest drop since Jan. 2016
* U.S. hiring speeds up, annual wage growth best since 2009
* Bond yields rise on rate hike expectations
* VIX hits the highest level since Aug. 18
* Indexes lower: Dow 1.8 pct, S&P 1.52 pct, Nasdaq 1.32 pct
By Stephen Culp
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Wall Street extended losses on Friday after a round of weak earnings and on the back of robust payrolls data that sent bond yields higher, vexing all three major U.S. stock indexes.
The S&P 500 and the Dow are both on track for their biggest one-week declines in more than two years. The Nasdaq is headed toward its worst week since November 2016.
“It's all about the bond market, the bond market is calling the tune for stocks and has been all week. We've seen a very large back-up in yields and that's giving investors reasons to sell equities,” said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management in Chicago.
The better-than-expected January employment report showed a surge in job growth and the largest wage gain in more than 8-1/2 years, fueling expectations that rising inflation will prompt the Federal Reserve to hike interest rates more aggressively this year.
“The bond market sold off and the expectation is three maybe four rate hikes this year in light of the jobs report,” said Nolte.
At 2:13 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 472.36 points, or 1.8 percent, to 25,714.35, the S&P 500 lost 42.99 points, or 1.52 percent, to 2,778.99 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 97.17 points, or 1.32 percent, to 7,288.70.
All 11 major sectors of the S&P 500 were in negative territory. Technology was the biggest drag, down 2.3 percent, led by Microsoft.
The Cboe Volatility index, the closely watched gauge of investor anxiety, jumped to 15.56, its highest level since August 18.
Analysts now see fourth-quarter earnings growth of 13.6 percent for the S&P 500, up from 12 percent on January 1. Half of the index's companies have reported, 78 percent of which beat Street expectations, according to Thomson Reuters data.
Exxon Mobil Corp and Chevron Corp shares were down 5.6 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively, after the oil companies posted lower-than-expected fourth-quarter profit.
Alphabet fell 5.0 percent after the Google parent's fourth-quarter profit came in below consensus on increased spending.
Apple shares were off by 3.5 percent as investors worried about the iPhone maker's weak outlook amid reports of scaled back iPhone X production.
Amazon.com was a bright spot, up 4.5 percent as Wall Street analysts quickly upped their price targets following the online retailer's impressive earnings report.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 7.70-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 3.90-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 48 new highs and 103 new lows. (Reporting by Stephen CulpEditing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Intel Is Working on Chip-Level Fixes for Spectre, Meltdown During Intel's announcements about Q4 and 2017 earnings yesterday, CEO Brian Krzanich said the company is working to update its processors to prevent Spectre and Meltdown, two major vulnerabilities discovered last year. Krzanich added that the first of those revamped chips will come out later this year. Spectre and Meltdown affect practically all CPUs that have been produced by Intel -- as well as many from ARM and AMD -- since the late 1990s, and security researchers warn the impacts of those vulnerabilities could haunt the IT industry for years to come. Both bugs affect how processors manage kernel memory, creating the potential for malicious actors to access memory anywhere on a device. Intel's announcement comes a few days before Data Privacy Day, an annual observation in the U.S. and Canada sponsored by the National Cyber Security Alliance. Held every Jan. 28, the theme of this year's Data Privacy Day is "Respecting Privacy, Safeguarding Data and Enabling Trust." Despite the fact its chips have been at the center of the Spectre and Meltdown storm, Intel has not yet seen an impact to its bottom line, executives reported yesterday during the company's earnings call. In fact, Krzanich (pictured above) said 2017 was "a record year for Intel," and the company expects to benefit greatly in the year ahead from the corporate tax cut package recently approved by Congress. First Silicon-Based Fixes Out Later this Year While news of the chip vulnerabilities emerged to the public early this month, Intel and other companies had already been working on software-based patches to reduce the security risks in microprocessors found in everything from PCs and laptops to servers and smartphones. However, some of those efforts were slowed after early fixes caused devices to reboot and otherwise behave unpredictably. Patches also slowed down the processing speeds of some computers. On Monday, Navin Shenoy, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, said in a news post that the company was testing a new patch with partners. Until that fix can be released, manufacturers, vendors, and end-users should stop deploying earlier patches, he added. Yesterday, Krzanich said Intel's immediate focus was on coming out with "high quality mitigations" to protect customers from potential exploits. "We're working to incorporate silicon-based changes to future products that will directly address the Spectre and Meltdown threats in hardware," Krzanich said at the beginning of the earnings call. "And those products will begin appearing later this year." Cybersecurity 'A Collective Responsibility' While Spectre and Meltdown didn't dampen Intel's 2017 financial year, which saw $62.8 billion in reported revenue, the bugs could lead to long-term headaches for both customers and the company itself. Krzanich, for instance, is facing investigation for having sold a large amount of his personal Intel stock before news of the vulnerabilities became public. The company could also face a number of class-action lawsuits related to the chip flaws. Members of the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday sent a letter to Intel -- as well as to Amazon, AMD, ARM, Apple, Google, and Microsoft -- asking for details on the tech industry's information embargo regarding Spectre and Meltdown. "While we acknowledge that critical vulnerabilities such as these create challenging trade-offs between disclosure and secrecy, as premature disclosure may give malicious actors time to exploit the vulnerabilities before mitigations are developed and deployed, we believe that this situation has shown the need for additional scrutiny regarding multi-party coordinated vulnerability disclosures," committee members said in the letter. "As demonstrated by numerous incidents over the past several years, cybersecurity is a collective responsibility." In a blog post published earlier today, cybersecurity expert Bruce Schneier wrote that both Spectre and Meltdown stem from the demand from tech companies and consumers for ever-faster performance by a wide range of computing devices. They also portend a future where more devices are attacked at the hardware, rather than software, level, he added. "Increasingly, everything is a computer: not just your laptop and phone, but your , your appliances, your medical devices, and global infrastructure," Schneier said. "These computers are and always will be vulnerable, but Spectre and Meltdown represent a new class of vulnerability. Unpatchable vulnerabilities in the deepest recesses of the world's computer hardware is the new normal. It's going to leave us all much more vulnerable in the future." Image credit: Walden Kirsch/Intel Corporation. Read more on: Cybersecurity, Intel, AMD, ARM, Processors, Chips, Meltdown, Spectre, Vulnerabilities, Malware, Patches, Earnings, Brian Krzanich, Top Tech News Comment:
Name:
Glenn U.: Posted: 2018-01-29 @ 2:18pm PT This is unacceptable. Fix it Intel. thanks: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 2:12pm PT omg just release a m.2 co-processor patch Kajika Halkawitta: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 12:22pm PT Great - So maybe the next computer I buy won't be vulnerable. How about somebody fixes my current computers, phones, etc? J. A.: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 12:02pm PT Intel is NOT making chip level PATCHES! A patch is something that fixes an existing product. What they are doing is redesigning their products so that future chips will not have this problem. S.J. Kane: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 10:36am PT With everything that's been reported on this, No one has explained in simple english yet how Spectre and Meltdown infiltrate a mobile phone or computer in the first place, which is perhaps the most important thing a consumer should know: is it by downloading a malicious link, accessing wifi in open public spaces? Someone who has an intelligent answer would be doing a service by posting. ZANDER XOSEC: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 7:14am PT Intel has become loaded with at best (arrogant) middle managers with their heads in the 'sand' at ALL levels. Intel knew about this problem years back and either 'chose' not to react or didn't want to take the performance hit.
When 'we' discovered, exposed and notified Intel about the issue and how we had to rebuild all Intel devices with our secret sauce in deployments starting 3 years ago, when we reached out to those we knew, since then many of those people left the company.
I find it odd to learn 'when' the CEO exercised his options and sold his stock. Hell even some of the divisions at Intel were not notified internally on a timely basis for instance, like the automotive group. As a shareholder, the CEO and virtually (pun intended) the executives that either knew or the engineers that probably knew and were out-flanked by marketing to 'go faster'.
I think a systematic complete draining of the idiots that were not paying attention and who have now created a huge liability and damage to the Intel brand integrity should go find other work.
Bruce Schneier's comments are spot-on and 2018-19 company results will be interesting. For those that are interested to actually understand what we did and delivered to customers -- a system without spectre and/or meltdown issues -- I'll quietly respond to credible inquiries at xoseccyber@gmail.com paul s: Posted: 2018-01-28 @ 4:59am PT And to top it off they are still selling these defective chips to consumers with no warning/recall. Rhett: Posted: 2018-01-26 @ 4:49pm PT "While Spectre and Meltdown didn't dampen Intel's 2017 financial year"...
Of course not. Intel is not going to have to pay anything for the problem. In addition, if the patch is not fully effective or has any performance penalty, they will sell a lot of processors sooner than they otherwise would have. The likely result of this gift, not bug, is going to be a couple of years of sharply increased sales as years worth of defective processors are replaced at full cost.
Shoreham-based jazz pianist Victoria Wilson is enjoying a positive response to her new self-released album telling the story of Marian McPartland.
Victoria said: “Marian McPartland's story was one of great interest to me and is a story of an extraordinary pianist I thought worthwhile retelling. She's one of the greatest British-born jazz pianists. She's just not really known about in the mainstream and I think that's a real shame.”
To celebrate what would have been Marian's centenary, Victoria, joined by Dave Green on double bass and Steve Brown on drums, created an album of Marian's work, entitled Bohemia After Dark: The Music of Marian McPartland.
“Dave Green actually played with Marian on a recording broadcast for BBC Radio 3 when she was last visiting the UK from New York, where she lived and worked for most of her life. It was very exciting to have him and his close friend and musical collaborator, Steve, involved in the project.”
What started out as more of a personal celebration has become an acclaimed piece of work, Victoria is delighted to say. Victoria has also been contacted by The Jazz Club, a Radio Ulster programme, who will be interviewing Victoria and playing three of her tracks on air. “I hope that helps a larger audience in the UK connect with Marian's music. She's far better known in the USA where she went to live with her husband after the war, but not so well known in the UK, despite having an OBE for her services to jazz.”
Victoria will be playing a selection of her music Upstairs at the Harbour Club on Shoreham Beach on Friday, May 4 from 7.30pm.
Victoria has lived in Shoreham all her life. She was awarded a diploma in music performance by the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music. As well as regularly performing, Victoria is also a piano teacher, having led many pupils through ABRSM, Jazz and Rockschool grades.
Victoria's album, Bohemia After Dark: The Music of Marian McPartland, is available on ITunes or via her website www.victoria-wilson.co.uk.
For other stories by Phil, see https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/west-sussex-date-for-kiki-dee-1-8471033
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/chichester-s-lear-with-ian-mckellen-to-get-cinema-screening-1-8471020
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/range-of-performers-at-bognor-regis-music-club-1-8471024
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/arts/steyning-festival-tickets-go-on-sale-1-8470993
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/wonderland-show-explores-hollywood-characters-1-8470983
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/thriller-from-former-angmering-teacher-1-8470981
WASHINGTON A U.S. service member who died when an improvised explosive device detonated while he was on patrol outside the northern Iraqi city of Mosul was identified on Sunday as 1st Lieutenant Weston Lee.
Lee, 25, of Bluffton, Georgia, was an infantry officer assigned to 1st Battalion, 325th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division, the U.S. Army said in a statement.
U.S.-backed forces have been fighting to retake the Islamic State strongholds of Mosul.
News of the death came as U.S. President Donald Trump marked his first 100 days in office. During last year's presidential election campaign, Trump vowed to give priority to destroying Islamic State, which operates mostly in Syria and Iraq.
(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Peter Cooney)
A Qualcomm sign is pictured at one of its many campus buildings in San Diego, California, U.S. April 18, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
BRUSSELS EU antitrust regulators will decide by June 9 whether to clear smartphone chipmaker Qualcomm's $38 billion (£29.4 billion) bid for NXP Semiconductors NV, which would make it the leading supplier to the fast-growing automotive chips market.
Qualcomm, which provides chips to Android smartphone makers and Apple Inc, sought EU approval for the deal on April 28, a filing on the European Commission website showed on Monday.
The EU competition enforcer can either approve the deal with or without concessions or it can open an investigation lasting about five months if it has serious concerns.
Qualcomm has said the deal, the biggest ever in the semiconductor industry, is a complementary one. The U.S. antitrust watchdog cleared the deal unconditionally last month.
(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Mark Potter)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City director Panos Pavlakis has tweeted his reaction to the Brentford home defeat and it's fair to say he's not impressed.
Blues had led at half-time against the Bees thanks to Lukas Jutkiewicz eighth goal of the season but the second half was a different story.
Gianfranco Zola's side conceded three times during a dismal 45 minutes as the new manager's wait for his first win continues.
Blues have now slipped into 13th place in the Championship, seven points off play-offs and Panos says that the club will work harder to produce the result required.
Panos posted on social media: "None of us are happy with that 2nd half! Rest assured we will ALL work even harder to get the results we want! #WeStickTogether "
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
São Paulo, March 29 Brazil's mining company Vale SA on Wednesday said Aberdeen Asset Management PLC, on behalf of minority shareholders, nominated Isabella Saboya to join the company's board.
Vale said in a securities filing that Sandra Guerra was also nominated by the minority shareholders as a substitute board member for Saboya in the election scheduled for April 20. (Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal and Marcelo Teixeira; Editing by Diane Craft)
April 10 Nexteer Automotive Group Ltd:
* On 2 March 2017, Nexteer China Holding entered into JV agreement with Dongfeng Components
* JV co shall have initial registered capital of RMB150 million & shall be contributed equally by Nexteer China and Dongfeng Components
* JV company will principally engage in developing, manufacturing, assembling, and sale of electric power steering Source text: (bit.ly/2opyUGl) Further company coverage:
May 3 Ocwen Financial Corp:
* Ocwen Financial announces preliminary operating results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 GAAP loss per share $0.26
* Q1 revenue fell 2.7 percent to $321.9 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.18 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Delinquencies decreased from 11.2 pct at Dec. 31, 2016 to 10.7 pct at March 31, 2017, primarily driven by loss mitigation efforts
* Recent reviews have not identified past or present systematic issues with foreclosure sale processes
* "One area where we continue to invest is in strengthening our risk and compliance infrastructure"
* Last 4 qtrs of testing in 2016 by independent internal review group confirmed no tested national mortgage settlement metrics were "out of tolerance" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Marvipol SA:
* Said on Wednesday that its unit, KH 1 sp. z o.o. (KH 1), negotiates the purchase of up to 33 pct of Soho Develoment SA
* Aulos 1 sp. z o.o. (Aulos) and KH 1 sign an annex to a letter of intent granting KH 1 the exclusive negotiations rights until April 30
* On Dec. 22 KH 1 signed the letter of intent with Aulos launching negotiations to purchase its stake in Soho Development, on Dec. 27 other shareholders of Soho Development joined the negotiations
* Aulos owns 18.78 pct stake in Soho Development
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Federal accident investigators on Tuesday will determine the probable cause of the sinking of the cargo ship El Faro, the worst maritime disaster for a U.S.-flagged vessel in decades that resulted in the deaths of 33 mariners.
The National Transportation Safety Board is expected to issue more than 50 safety recommendations related to the Oct. 1, 2015 loss of 790-foot-long (240-meter) ship near the Bahamas.
The fully loaded El Faro sank about 34 hours after leaving Jacksonville, Florida, on a cargo run to Puerto Rico. The freighter lost propulsion while sailing through Hurricane Joaquin, eventually coming to rest 15,000-feet (4,570 meters) on the sea floor.
The NTSB says the board will address problems with weather forecasting, management of the ship, the suitability of the ship's lifeboats and the oversight of the vessel by its owner, TOTE Maritime, Inc.
Advertisement
The board's final report comes after one issued by the U.S. Coast Guard on the second anniversary of the ship's sinking. The Coast Guard's report found the primary cause to be with the ship Capt. Michael Davidson, who they said underestimated the strength of the hurricane and overestimated the 40-year-old old ship's strength.
According to transcripts of audio recovered from the ship's voyage data recorder, or "black box," Davidson refused suggestions by his crew to take a slower, safer route as the storm grew into a Category 3 hurricane.
The recorder caught the final hours of the ship's increasingly desperate crew as they tried to save the El Faro and themselves.
But the Coast Guard also said the ship's owner TOTE had violated safety regulations to ensure the crew was well rested, and that the company had not replaced a safety officer management position.
TOTE also had stopped employing port helpers who helped safely load cargo on the ships. The Coast Guard found that El Faro's crew had difficulty keeping up with the brisk loading pace required to keep the ship on schedule.
The ship also had open-top lifeboats, unlike the closed-top lifeboats used on modern ships. While legal, the ship's use of the older-style boats was only allowed because of an exemption to safety rules for older ships like the El Faro.
The Coast Guard is seeking civil penalties against TOTE, but not criminal.
Larry Brennan, a professor of maritime law at Fordham Law School and a retired U.S. Navy captain, said the NTSB's findings could create a safer working environment for mariners in the future. For example, the board could help by calling for the removal of the safety exemption that allowed the El Faro to legally use old lifeboats.
"No one should use open boats in rough weather, or any weather," Brennan said. "If the NTSB takes an aggressive course, they may be able to effectively change regulations and policies that will enhance safety at sea."
___
Follow Jason Dearen on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/JHDearen
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa secured sixth successive league wins for the first time since 1990 by beating Burton Albion 3-2 at Villa Park.
The Championship's basement side battled well but they were eventually undone following goals from Scott Hogan, Albert Adomah and Jack Grealish.
Burton hit back twice as Ahmed Elmohamady inadvertently deflected the ball into his own net before Liam Boyce gave the Holte End jitters late on.
Villa had enough, though, and kept pace with second-placed Derby County by securing yet another three points.
Here's how we scored the players.
Sam Johnstone - 6
Aside Burton's two goals, Johnstone had a very quiet afternoon. A few decent stops which you'd expect him to make but nothing overly testing. Judging by his usual high standards, Johnstone might feel he could have done better with the second goal.
Ahmed Elmohamady - 6
An early lapse in concentration allowed Lloyd Dyer to break down the left but Elmohamady recovered to force his man wide, allowing Johnstone to make a comfortable stop at his near post.
The Egyptian grabbed an assist for Grealish's goal after being credited with Burton's first following a scrappy corner.
James Chester - 7
Chester was comfortable at the back for the most part but he and Terry will be disappointed with how Boyce got in to reduce the arrears late on.
John Terry - 6
Another solid outing from Villa's skipper and he even got involved going forward at one point in the second half, breaking out of defence and racing into the box. Unfortunately, the ball back to Terry wasn't perfect and he had to play it back into midfield.
Alan Hutton - 7
Hutton continued his fine run of form with a composed performance at left-back. The 33-year-old got forward when he could and provided a useful foil for Adomah.
Robert Snodgrass - 8*
Snodgrass enjoyed a wonderful January and he kicked off February in the same fashion. He instigated Hogan's opener by drifting inside from the right, exchanging passes with Grealish and Hourihane before sliding in Adomah to tee up Villa's No.9.
The Scot's second moment of magic created Villa's second goal. He delivered a delightful ball to Adomah at the far post midway through the second half and Villa's top scorer made no mistake.
Birkir Bjarnason - 7
Bjarnason's rasping drive from distance appeared to be heading for goal before it was superbly blocked en route. The Icelandic seems to have a knack for sniffing out danger which served him well, particularly during the first half.
The 29-year-old was extremely tidy and offered Terry and Chester vital protection.
Conor Hourihane - 7
The Irishman linked up well with Snodgrass and Grealish on occasions and looked to get in on the act but saw his best effort saved comfortably by Bywater.
Albert Adomah - 8
Adomah dropped a little below his incredibly high standards at Sheffield United in midweek but he was back on song today. He grabbed the assist for the opener with a beautifully timed cutback for Hogan and his performance went from strength to strength.
Given his remarkable goalscoring form, Adomah has been on a bit of a drought. Before his second half header doubled Villa's advantage the winger had gone more than a month without a goal.
That run is over, though, and he now has his 13th of the season which makes this his best ever goalscoring campaign.
Jack Grealish - 8
Villa's playmaker came within a whisker of his first goal of the season with a curling effort from distance which clipped the bar late on.
Grealish wasn't to be denied, though, and fired home late on with a well-taken volley.
Scott Hogan - 7
A simple tap-in gave Hogan his fifth goal in as many matches but his all-round play will have impressed Bruce today. His hold up play against two big central defenders in Ben Turner and Kyle McFadzean was excellent and he ran the channels well.
SUBS
Axel Tuanzebe (for Snodgrass, 67) - 7
A brief but effective debut at right-back for the on-loan Manchester United man. He teed up Elmohamady to cross for Grealish's strike, which proved to be decisive.
Josh Onomah (for Adomah, 67) - 6
Onomah struggled to make an impact on the game as Villa looked to see it out.
Mile Jedinak (for Hourihane, 83) - 6
Did the job that was asked of him as Villa secured three points.
Villa (4-4-1-1): J ohnstone; Elmohamady, Chester, Terry, Hutton; Snodgrass (Tuanzebe, 67), Bjarnason, Hourihane (Jedinak, 83), Adomah (Onomah, 67); Grealish; Hogan. Unused subs: Bunn, Taylor, Whelan, Davis
Burton (4-5-1): Bywater; Brayford, McFadzean, Turner (Boyce, 72), Flanagan (Murphy, 28 (Allen, 46)); Akins, Akpan, Naylor, Davenport, Dyer; Sordell. Unused subs: Campbell, Buxton, Barker, Sbarra
Attendance: 33,022
Next up: Birmingham City (h), Sunday 11 February, 12pm.
ISTANBUL -- The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for the New Year's Day attack at a popular Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people and wounded scores of others.
The IS-linked Aamaq News Agency said the attack was carried by a "heroic soldier of the caliphate who attacked the most famous nightclub where Christians were celebrating their pagan feast."
It said the man opened fire from an automatic rifle and also detonated hand grenades in "revenge for God's religion and in response to the orders" of IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
The group described Turkey as "the servant of the cross" and also suggested it was in retaliation for Turkish military offensives against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
"We let infidel Turkey know that the blood of Muslims that is being shed by its airstrikes and artillery shelling will turn into fire on its territories," the statement said.
Earlier, Turkish media reports had said that Turkish authorities believed the IS group was behind the attack and that the gunman, who is still at large, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
According to Hurriyet and Karar newspapers, police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks.
The gunman killed a policeman and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
Citing Justice Ministry officials, Anadolu reported that 38 of the 39 dead have been identified and 11 of them were Turkish nationals, and one was a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen.
The report says seven victims were from Saudi Arabia; three each were from Lebanon and Iraq; two each were from Tunisia, India, Morocco and Jordan. Kuwait, Canada, Israel, Syria and Russia each lost one citizen.
Relatives of the victims and embassy personal were seen walking into an Istanbul morgue to claim the bodies of the deceased.
Turkish officials haven't released the names of those identified.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq.
The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In August, Turkey sent troops and tanks into northern Syria, to clear a border area from the IS and also curb the territorial advances of Syrian Kurdish forces in the region. The incursion followed an IS suicide attack on an outdoor wedding party in the city of Gaziantep, near the border with Syria, that killed more than 50 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to "conquer" Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities haven't confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Last week, Turkey and Russia brokered a cease-fire for Syria that excludes the IS and other groups considered to be terrorist organizations.
On Monday, Anadolu said more than 100 Islamic State targets in Syria have been hit by Turkey and Russia in separate operations.
Citing the Turkish Chief of General Staff's office, Anadolu said Turkish jets struck eight IS group targets while tanks and artillery fired upon 103 targets near Al Bab, killing 22 extremists while destroying many structures. The Russian jets also attacked IS targets in Dayr Kak, five miles southwest of Al Bab.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by "taking advantage of the chaos" that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
Related Video:
___
Bassem Mroue reported from Beirut. Suzan Fraser in Ankara and Cinar Kiper in Istanbul contributed to this report.
March 31 GXP German Properties AG:
* Including valuation gains from portfolio (lucky-buy) group achieved an adjusted result of more than 7 million euros in 2016
* Current real estate portfolio is generating annualised rental income of around 7.5 million euros, which corresponds to a net initial rental yield of over 7.0 per cent
* Company expects an annualised FFO I of approximately 3.5 million euros from high-yielding portfolio Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK When Kentucky's public pension put U.S. buyout firm KKR & Co LP in charge of its hedge fund investments in May 2015, its board expected the deal to save money and boost its returns.
For the Wall Street firm the deal paid off - over more than a year its unit, KKR Prisma, increased by nearly half the amount of money it managed on Kentucky's behalf and its fee income rose by at least a quarter, according to KKR Prisma documents seen by Reuters.
Kentucky, so far, has come up short. While KKR promised to cut its fees and make one of its portfolio managers available to oversee investments at no cost, Kentucky's hedge fund fee expenses rose at least 11 percent last year, according to estimates provided by the pension fund.
KKR said the increase in Kentucky's fee expenses was in part because the discount was only effective from August last year, more than a year after the partnership started. Kentucky declined to explain why the discount kicked in later.
At the same time, those hedge fund investments failed to beat its benchmark index last year for the first time in five years.
To be sure, neither the setbacks nor the promised benefits would have radically changed Kentucky's dire condition as one of the nation's most underfunded public pension funds, with just over $16 billion in assets and a $18 billion funding shortfall.
But the deal highlights the potential pitfalls cash-strapped public pension funds face as they scramble to shore up their finances by chasing discounts and riskier investments. Hedge funds promise higher returns, but are more complex and riskier than, say, government bonds.
In Kentucky's case, the pension fund's concern about near-term savings made it effectively hand over the reins to a Wall Street firm, said Lynn Stout, a corporate and business law professor and governance expert at Cornell Law School. “Kentucky has basically abdicated the throne,” Stout said. "It's governance failure at the pension fund."
What, besides a promise of lower fees, clinched the deal for KKR Prisma, making it the top manager of about $1.65 billion in Kentucky's hedge fund investments, was an offer to let an executive work for two weeks per month out of Kentucky's Frankfort office overseeing the portfolio.
It was "like having a free staff member," David Peden, who was the pension fund's chief investment officer at the time, told Reuters.
He said KKR approached him after it learned he could not find a qualified candidate to run hedge fund investments, at least not for the money Kentucky could afford.(Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2p8uqEa)
Peden, who worked at Prisma a decade ago and before it was taken over by KKR, said that relationship essentially "made it unnecessary to do a competitive process." He said he used the discretion given by the fund's guidelines to recommend the deal without a soliciting other bids.
Kentucky terminated Peden's employment in January and neither would comment on his departure. However, last June, Governor Matt Bevin moved to limit the pension system's riskier hedge fund investments in response to funding pressures, and they may get phased out entirely.
Girish Reddy, co-founder of KKR Prisma, described the deal as a strategic partnership that benefited Kentucky pensioners by giving them access to KKR's resources.
“We all want to maintain long-term relationships with any client, and I think providing these services at low or no cost are ways to build that relationship over the years,” Reddy told Reuters.
Rich Robben, Kentucky's current acting chief investment officer, rejected criticism that the fund gave too much control to the Wall Street firm.
"The responsibility for making the investments lies with the Board of Directors of the Kentucky Retirement Systems," he said.
Kentucky did not adhere strictly to the originally proposed investment plan that would have entitled it to a bigger discount, the fund said, with fees ultimately falling to 55 basis points from 70 basis points of the investments' value. KKR Prisma originally proposed to cut the fees to 45 basis points in a presentation to the board seen by Reuters.
Kentucky is not alone in striking a partnership with a Wall Street firm. Ultimately whether it works for the pension fund comes down to what the partners bring to the table, said Matthew Rhodes-Kropf, visiting associate professor of finance at the MIT Sloan School of Management, and managing partner at venture capital firm Tectonic Ventures.
In general, discounts were more readily offered by fund managers that underperformed their peers, while bigger, better funds tended to get better deals, he said. Rhodes-Kropf was the lead author of a Harvard Business School case study about a partnership between KKR and the Teacher Retirement System of Texas. KKR manages about $10 billion for the fund together with another buyout firm Apollo Global Management, LLC, according to the pension fund's annual report. Neither KKR, nor Apollo, nor the Texas pension fund, which manages $133 billion in total, would comment on their agreement or the fund's performance. The study showed that unlike Kentucky, Texas had several partnerships, including a $1 billion tie-up with the now-defunct Lehman Brothers. The Texas fund also negotiated to pay less if some of the investments performed poorly.
“It's really a question of: Do you have enough money to ask for a better deal? There's no question there's some risk to these partnerships," Rhodes-Kropf said. "But if you get a big enough fee discount, then it may be worth the risk.”
(Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Tomasz Janowski)
SHANGHAI China's banking regulator has told lenders to conduct checks on improper trading, incentives, innovation and charges, according to a document seen by Reuters.
The move is the latest in a flurry of orders from the regulator after Guo Shuqing took the helm of the China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC) in February.
Chinese regulators are trying to contain risks in the banking system as more borrowers struggle to avoid defaults and levels of non-performing loans (NPLs) rise.
Through self-inspections and spot checks, the CBRC wants to make sure there is no untoward behavior in interbank investment and financing and the investment of wealth management product funds, two sources with direct knowledge said.
Analysts say those two areas are among the riskiest potential flashpoints in China's banking system.
The CBRC could not be immediately reached for comment.
"We've already conducted on-site regulatory inspections," said one of the sources who work at a regulator.
The move is to ensure that there are adequate risk safeguards behind innovative business and new products, he added.
Checks on improper innovation cover whether there are adequate stress tests in place for innovative products and whether management conduct regular risk assessments, according to the document dated April 6.
Inspections of improper trading involve probing interbank business to see if bank health is being masked by multiple trades and the impact of sell and buy-back deals on balance sheets, the document added.
Checks on incentives include whether actions are taken purely to manipulate market standings among other things, while inspections of improper charges will cover unreasonable loan charges.
The news was first reported by Caijing magazine.
The CBRC told lenders to conduct "self-inspections" in areas such as using loopholes to circumvent rules at the end of March, according to documents seen by Reuters while on Monday, the CBRC issued guidelines on risk-control.
(Reporting by Ma Rong in Beijing and Engen Tham in Shanghai; Additional reporting by Li Zheng in Shanghai; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WRAPUP 4-U.S. consumer prices, retail sales weaken in May
WASHINGTON, June 14 U.S. consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May and retail sales recorded their biggest drop in 16 months, suggesting a softening in domestic demand that could limit the Federal Reserve's ability to continue raising interest rates this year.
Video will play in Play now Don't auto play
Never auto play
It was a huge day for Kristine Bartlett, the face of today's huge pay equity settlement.
She was thrilled with the victory but more for colleagues than herself.
And she shed a few tears for them - a little sooner than anticipated.
"I haven't had time to breathe or let it all sink in," she told the Herald in an interview at E Tu union. "I'm just over the moon and excited and happy. I will probably have a big cry later on - I will. I know I will."
"These carers have suffered for so long," she said emotionally.
"They work so hard for frigging hardly anything. It's been so cruel really. I find it hard to believe that nobody has ever really ... how the Government can let this have gone on for so long.
"At the end of the day, it is happening so that's good. It's excellent."
Bartlett is 68 and has worked in a Lower Hutt rest home for 24 years on a rate that is barely above the minimum wage.
The historic settlement will see her own rate of pay lift from about $15.75 an hour to $23.50 on July 1. By the end of five years, that rate will have increased to $27 an hour, a total increase of 71 per cent.
Continued below.
Related Content Video Watch: Kristine Bartlett's emotional reaction to pay equity win Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui flood predictions downgraded, but evacuations still possible Your Views: Readers Letters
The settlement will also lift the pay rates of 55,000 others in Government-funded aged care, home support and disability sectors to varying degrees.
Bartlett said she loved her job and wanted to stay in it while she had her health.
"Hallelujah. Thank God something is coming out of this before I retire," she told the Herald.
" It has just made me so happy for those young girls and for the girls that are starting this career.
"It is a career and it is a wonderful career but you can't survive on that minimum wage and without the union it would have gone on and on and on."
"My end of my working career is over but I am just so happy for the care and support workers now," Bartlett said.
"It is going to be a big change in their lives. It's going to give them a bit of dignity. I've seen my workers come to work in the rain.
"I've seen them come with no lunch. I've seen them come sick because they can't afford to go to the doctors and that breaks my heart. There are some sad cases.
"I know what rents cost - $300 probably more. That's basically all their wages gone. So how are they living. Do you know how they are living? They are scrambling for extra shifts so they can make extra money to pay for whatever they have got to pay.
"This case is going to be a big life changer. It is going to let them live with a little bit of dignity and hopefully bring them out of poverty that a lot are in."
She said she wanted to thank the Government for the settlement.
"It is a just and fair resolution.
"I'd like to thank the Government. They really stepped up and they really needed to. They should have stepped years and years ago, to be honest."
- NZ Herald
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
China Aircraft Leasing buys 50 Boeing aircraft for $5.8 bln
HONG KONG, June 15 China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Ltd said it would buy 50 Boeing 737MAX series aircraft from Boeing for an aggregate list price of $5.8 billion, to meet demand for more efficient aircraft while expanding its fleet portfolio.
'Wonderful initiative' sees prisoners build toilet blocks for iwi moving home
There's a movement in the far north for Maori to move back to their ancestral land, but those lands are sometimes without infrastructure.
We offer our clients the best Interior design service at the most competitive rates, says Lokendra Singh Ranawat, co-founder of Wooden Street. Our customer service representatives are available round the clock and would be glad to clarify any doubts
Contact
Wooden Street
9667296937
***@woodenstreet.com Wooden Street9667296937
End
-- Working with Traditional interior designers can often increase the final cost of the project as these designers charge on an hourly basis. Nevertheless, Wooden Street is a one-of-a-kind online customized furniture store that renders its interior design service without any such limitations of time. Apart from expert consultancy services, Wooden Street also offers affordable online interior design packages to get projects finalized as per schedule.Clients are given the liberty of choosing one of the top residential interior designer experts of the country and collaborate with them to design their homes online. The design ideas can be shared and suggestions can be exchanged without any need to schedule face-to-face meetings with these interior designers. Alternatively, clients can also book a free consultation session and welcome interior design experts from Mumbai or Interior Design experts from Bangalore for a complimentary site visit, during which they can share their ideas and specify their requirements. The experts will then start navigating the process further.Clients can select an affordable design package depending upon their requirements. There is the design only package where Interior Design online experts give the clients a 3D design based on their requirements, space and budget. Then, there is the Execution only package where the design given by the client is executed by the team of Wooden Street within the stipulated period of time. The Design and Execution package is a time-saving and money-saving one in which the experts at Wooden Street take care of each and every aspect of interior design.We, at Wooden Street, make it very easy and affordable for our clients to get the interiors of their home decorated by Indian Interior Design Experts, in a professional way," says Lokendra Singh Ranawat, co-founder of Wooden Street. "We believe in pricing our projects with complete transparency so that our clients are aware of the exact cost of their projects and can take informed decisions based on their budgets."At each stage of the project, clients of Wooden Street are given the opportunity to collaborate with the designers, share their ideas, offer suggestions and work together so that the outcome is exactly as per their requirements. The user-friendly platform of this online furniture store makes it very easy for clients to connect with expert designers and get their feedback within just a few moments.Clients can check out the portfolios of various Indian interior designer experts on the website of Wooden Street and then decide on the right designer, whom they think, can refurbish their area in the perfect manner. Alternatively, they can also let Wooden Street assign an interior designer and/or a contractor depending upon the type of their project, their specific requirements and their budgets."We hire highly qualified interior designers who have had at least 5 years of experience in completing different types of interior designing projects in styles like traditional, vintage, mid-century or modern," says Virendra Ranawat, co-founder of Wooden Street. "We particularly look for industry experts whose works have been published in popular interior design magazines and periodicals of Interior Design India."The interior designers at Wooden Street are well-aware of the latest trends in interior decoration and adopt these modern concepts to come up with modernized designs that are not only aesthetically pleasing but also budget-friendly. They have a lot of experience in working with different styles and budgets. They do their best to make sure their clients are satisfied completely with their Interior Design Service.More often than not, the size of the area becomes a major hurdle when it comes to interior designing. The standard-sized furniture may not necessarily fit into such spaces, thereby limiting the number of choices. In such cases, it would be ideal to go for the customization option that Wooden Street provides its clients. There are in-house experts who will analyse these space restraints and come up with the right kind of Interior Design furniture and accessories that will enhance the look of the area, beyond expectations.For More Details:visit: https://www.woodenstreet.com/ interior-designs e-mail: care@woodenstreet.com
HSBC Malaysia to invest $250 mln to build HQ in TRX financial district
KUALA LUMPUR, June 15 HSBC's Malaysian subsidiary said it would invest $250 million to acquire land and build its headquarters at the Tun Razak Exchange (TRX) financial district.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Snow joke! This adorable video really does show the moment a cheeky Orangutan braves the icy conditions to make a giant SNOWBALL.
The cute footage of Twycross Zoo's 22-year-old Orang Mal has been viewed thousands upon thousands of times on the popular attraction's social media pages after it was uploaded on Sunday morning.
The zoo initially posted it on Facebook saying: “Our animals are loving the snow. Here is Mal, our female Orang, making a snowball to take inside to play with.
“Our keepers have been in since first thing keeping them all warm, safe and happy thanks to everyone asking after them.
"Please share videos and pictures of your little apes making snow day fun.”
It then Tweeted: "Here's Mal, our female orangutan making a snowball she's loving the weather!" with the hashtags snowpocalypse2017, snowvideo and snowfun.
Miguel Bueno, curator of life sciences at Twycross Zoo, told the Tamworth Herald that the animals are often curious: “Mal is an inquisitive female, almost 23 years old, who was also carrying her little baby.
"If you look very closely you may see the baby in the video.
“Orangs are quite curious and they are very intelligent; solving problems or challenges is their speciality and curiosity about their environment is part of their nature.
“Snow is not seen very often at Twycross Zoo, therefore the element of novelty is there. On the other hand, we give all our animals, by principle, full access to their outdoor enclosure all year round.
“That is part of the commitment to integrate in their lives one of the most important elements of animal welfare: choice.
“Therefore, orangs decided to go out quickly to explore the snow, and Mal preferred to carry some inside to explore it sitting in the warm environment of the indoor enclosure.”
TORONTO, April 6 Royal Bank of Canada's Chief Executive Dave McKay on Thursday warned overheating housing markets could inhibit Canada's economic growth and urged the federal and provincial governments to work together to address the issue.
"Any single solution is unlikely to be successful on its own," McKay told the bank's annual meeting.
"A complex problem like this requires a multi-faceted solution, which addresses supply constraints and speculative forces and is mindful of the rate environment, which can be a moderating force. (Reporting by Matt Scuffham; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 28 Home Capital Group Inc
* Home Capital provides update on deposit withdrawals
* Says HISA withdrawals for day were approximately $290 million as compared to $472 million on Wednesday, April 26
* Says balance of HISA deposits is expected to be approximately $521 million on Friday, April 28 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
Workers at Whiting Beach in Sydney have to clean the beach every day to try to keep up with the amount of used needles and syringes washing up from the harbour.
The needles and syringes are dumped on the streets of Sydney by drug addicts and wash up on the beach in the affluent area.
Dozens of potentially infected syringes are removed by workers at Whiting Beach every day.
A sign placed at the top of the beach by Taronga Zoo warns beachgoers to wear shoes as walking barefoot on the sand is too risky.
Advertisement
Photo / Supplied
The needles and syringes are thought to wash into stormwater from roads and other areas that move into stormwater systems, Clean Up Australia managing director Terrie-Ann Johnson told Daily Mail Australia.
"You could also have some backwash from overflowing sewage outlets – and of course we do have sewage discharges that affect the northern beaches."
The beach needs daily cleaning up. Photo / Supplied
"All you would need is a south, south-east breeze, or a wind predominantly out of the south to wash rubbish across the harbour," she said.
"Rubbish is very much tide and wind-borne."
However they get there, the reality is that the waste from drug addiction has turned the once idyllic bay into one of Australia's worst and most dangerous beaches.
It is particularly hazardous for children visiting as playing in the sand could lead to tiny hands touching these contaminated items.
Photo / Supplied
Unwanted waste washing up on beaches and coastal areas isn't an Australia-only issue. Auckland Council recently announced it is looking at an extra $600m to clean up Waitemata Harbour, with the goal of reducing diluted sewage pouring into the harbour and on to the inner city beaches every time it rains.
Earlier this year, a Herald Focus and Weekend Herald investigation revealed that 1 million cubic metres of waste water and raw sewage - the equivalent of 400 Olympic swimming pools - is pouring into the harbour each year.
Auckland health authorities have also been looking into the potential link between sewage leaking into the harbour and the spike in stomach bugs that appears to occur after storms.
OXON HILL, Md. (AP) — After a longer build-up than usual, the dramatic final rounds of the Scripps National Spelling Bee get underway Thursday.
Forty-one spellers advanced to the finals out of a field of 516 — by far the largest in the 93-year history of the competition. Scripps started a wild-card program this year that created a path to nationals for spellers who didn't win their regional bees, and some of the finalists got to the bee that way.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American, and that trend could easily continue. Most of the consensus favorites in this year's bee have Indian heritage, including Shruthika Padhy, who tied with two others for the best score on the test.
More than 500 spellers tested their skill in front of pronouncer Jacques Bailly or his backup, the Rev. Brian Sietsema, over two days of preliminary rounds. Nearly 200 misspelled words onstage.
Advertisement
Those who advanced to Thursday's final rounds got there by spelling two words correctly on stage over two days and faring well on a written spelling and vocabulary test — and usually by spending multiple hours a day studying at home to prepare.
One of the top scorers was Shruthika, a 12-year-old from Cherry Hill, New Jersey, who finished seventh in last year's bee and is considered one of the favorites this year. But even she got a few answers wrong.
"We thought it was an easy test," bee director Paige Kimble said. "We were wrong."
Here are some other stories from spellers at this year's bee:
STRETCHED THIN
Some spellers devote years to studying the dictionary, word roots and language patterns. Then there's Rebekah Zeigler.
The 13-year-old from Polo, Illinois, is certainly an accomplished speller. She's competing for the fourth time, although she's never made the finals.
That may be because she also competes in tumbling, volleyball, soccer, softball, basketball, cheerleading and track and field. Next month she'll be at the U.S. Trampoline and Tumbling Association national championships.
"I don't have a lot of free time," Rebekah said.
Rebekah got some of the loudest cheers in the preliminary rounds, mostly from a crew of fellow veteran spellers.
Rebekah had never gotten past the second round of onstage spelling, known as Round 3, because a written test constitutes the first round. But she spelled "yarrow" correctly and achieved her goal for the week, adding, "I was really nervous and dreading it all week."
___
UNUSUAL REPRIEVE
Reagan Remmers of Missoula, Montana, was heading out to lunch with her mom after she misspelled "balaclava."
Or so she thought.
"My mom got a phone call that told her I was reinstated," Reagan said. "I was like, 'Oh, sweet!'"
Turns out, the spelling Reagan gave — "Balaklava" — is a city in Ukraine. Since the judges didn't warn her that her word had a homonym and because Reagan didn't ask for the definition — a garment covering the head and neck except for parts of the face — her spelling was deemed correct after further review.
"I had no idea what the word meant," Reagan said.
Still, her spelling wasn't a complete guess. She asked for the language of origin and was told it was Crimean, which led her to include a "k'' instead of a "c."
This was just the fifth time in 20 years that a speller was reinstated after judges had determined he or she misspelled a word, Kimble said.
___
DEAD AIR
Considering how far he had to travel to get to the bee, Daniel Doudna can be forgiven for taking his time at the microphone.
Daniel lives in Fairbanks, Alaska, one of three spellers from the state. But the 4,100-mile (6,600-kilometer) trip to Washington is nothing new for the 14-year-old: This is his second time in the bee, and two of his older sisters also competed.
When Daniel starts spelling, he's more deliberate than most, pausing after each letter and letting silence hang in the air. His word on Wednesday was "quietude," and he created some.
"I made too many mistakes by going fast," he said. "After each letter, I mentally review the word to see what the next letter is."
___
Follow Ben Nuckols on Twitter at https://twitter.com/APBenNuckols
(Repeats story, text unchanged)
* Weekend anti-Kremlin protests were biggest in years
* Youngsters were present in large numbers
* Putin the only leader they have ever known
* New generation is pressing for change
By Denis Pinchuk and Svetlana Reiter
MOSCOW, March 28 Protests across Russia on Sunday marked the coming of age of a new adversary for the Kremlin: a generation of young people driven not by the need for stability that preoccupies their parents but by a yearning for change.
Thousands of people took to the streets across Russia, with hundreds arrested. Many were teenagers who cannot remember a time before Vladimir Putin took power 17 years ago.
"I've lived all my life under Putin," said Matvei, a 17-year-old from Moscow, who said he came close to being detained at the protest on Sunday, but managed to run from the police.
"We need to move forward, not constantly refer to the past."
A year before Putin is expected to seek a fourth term, the protests were the biggest since the last presidential election in 2012.
The driving force behind the protests was Alexei Navalny, a 40-year-old anti-corruption campaigner who uses the Internet to spread his message, bypassing the state-controlled television stations where nearly all older Russians get their news.
"None of my peers watches television and they don't trust it," said Maxim, an 18-year-old from St Petersburg who took part in a protest there.
He said messages about the demonstration were shared among his friends via a group chat on a messaging app: "Half the group went to the demonstration."
Navalny, who was arrested at one of Sunday's protests, tailors his message for YouTube and VKontakte, the Russian equivalent of Facebook.
One of his recent videos, a 50 minute expose accusing Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev of secretly owning an archipelago of luxury homes, has been watched more than 14 million times on YouTube. Medvedev's spokeswoman called the allegations "propagandistic attacks" unworthy of detailed comment and said they amounted to pre-election posturing by Navalny.
While older Russians may have turned a blind eye to official corruption during years when living standards improved, younger Russians speak of it in terms of moral outrage.
"Why do I believe that what is happening right now is wrong? Because when I was little, my mum read fairy tales to me, and they said you should not steal, you should not lie, you should not kill," said Katya, a 17-year-old who was at the protest in Moscow. "What I see happening now, you should not do," she said.
Like other students who spoke to Reuters at the demonstrations, Katya, Maxim and Matvei asked that their surnames not be published to avoid repercussions.
SOCIAL CONTRACT
Young people actively seeking change represent a new challenge for the Kremlin. It has built and maintained support for Putin for years by focussing mainly on ensuring stability, which Russians sought after the chaos of the immediate post-Soviet years.
Putin came to power after the 1990s, when the Soviet Union disintegrated and millions found themselves destitute. But young people who do not remember those times have different priorities than those even a few years older, said Yekaterina Schulmann, a political analyst.
"Our political regime is fixated on what it calls stability, that is a lack of change," she said. "The political machine believes the best offer it can make to society is 'Let's keep everything the way it is for as long as possible'."
"Young people need a model of the future, clear prospects, rules of the game which they recognise as fair, and ... a social leg-up. Not only do they not see any of that, no one is even talking about it," said Schulmann.
According to user data compiled from a social media page for people who said they planned to attend Sunday's protest in St Petersburg, more than one in six were aged under 21.
It is still too early to say whether the new phenomenon will emerge as a serious challenge to Putin's rule. It could be a burst of youthful idealism that fizzles out.
In any case, opinion polls show that Putin will win comfortably if, as most people expect, he runs for president next year.
His most serious rival for the presidency, Navalny, trails far behind in polls and could be barred from running because of an old criminal conviction which he says is political.
Still, the involvement of so many young people has forced the Russian authorities to pay attention.
A Kremlin spokesman said youngsters had been offered money by protest organisers to show up. The Kremlin offered no evidence to support this allegation, and none of the young people who spoke to Reuters said they had been offered payment.
Several students said school and university authorities had warned them before the protests they could be punished for taking part.
Pavel, a 20-year-old studying to be a veterinarian who attended a protest in Moscow, said it was worth it to risk some of Russia's stability in the hope of change.
"Yes, maybe it will be negative; yes, maybe there won't be the stability that we have now. But for a person in the 21st century it's shameful to live in the kind of stability we have now." (Additional reporting by Natalia Shurmina in Yekaterinburg, Russia; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Peter Graff)
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company, which is no longer publicly traded, neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate. The breach wasn't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later, when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon's acquisition of its operating business in 2016, the SEC said.
"Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," Jina Choi, director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office, said in a statement.
BUDAPEST (Reuters) - The European Commission budget chief thanked a group of eastern EU members that he said had agreed on Friday to increase contributions to the bloc's budget, but one of them, Bulgaria denied it had made any such undertaking.
Eight Eastern European EU states met in Hungary to discuss the bloc's next budget plan - which will suffer from net contributor Britain's departure - and other issues with Budget Commissioner Guenther Oettinger.
After the meeting, the host country and the commissioner said they had agreed to support an increase in payments by member states to help fill the Brexit budget hole.
Oettinger said last month that the next EU budget should increase from around 1 percent of EU output to slightly more than 1.1 percent, to make up for funds the bloc will no longer receive from Britain.
“I am extremely grateful for the eight member states that they were willing to contribute a bit more,” he told a news conference at which an aide to Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said the agreement was “a major success of the day”.
A few hours later, however, Bulgaria denied it had agreed to bigger budget contributions.
“Bulgaria has not expressed a position to increase the country's contribution to EU membership,” the finance ministry said in a statement.
“The government states that such a position has not been discussed in any working or official format for negotiation between the member states and the European Commission.”
In January, Bulgaria assumed the six-month rotating presidency of the EU for the first time since it joined in 2007 and the finance ministry said the country would host conferences on the budget issue in March and June.
Britain's exit in March next year will deprive Brussels of some 12 billion euros from an annual budget now running around 140 billion euros.
That hole has already prompted sparring between other net contributors in the West, which do not want to make up the shortfall, and the ex-communist Eastern states, which say they should not suffer from cuts in EU funding.
The eastern states are mostly net recipients of EU funds, and worried that a shortfall in the bloc's budget would leave them with less cash.
The largest source of revenue in the EU's budget is a uniform percentage levied on the gross national income (GNI) of each member country.
Lazar, Prime Minister Orban's chief of staff, said at the news conference that the eight countries - Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Croatia, Bulgaria and Romania - had “agreed with the increasing of the GNI-proportionate payment”.
“The eight countries opened the opportunity that the payment should increase even up to 1.1 percent (of GNI).”
Despite official assurances that New Zealanders' sensitive personal information given to the mandatory Census 2018 is safe and secure, researchers say they have found a critical flaw in how Statistics NZ set up its website.
This not a data breach, University of Melbourne IT security researchers and cryptographers Drs Vanessa Teague and Chris Culnane told the Herald. There is no suggestion there was unauthorised access to the Census 2018 data, they said.
The issue stems from Stats NZ using a third-party provider, Incapsula, to act as a protective gateway into its network and servers. Incapsula protects other government servers and networks too, such as those belonging to the Government Communications Security Bureau.
Teague and Culnane say that when NZers filled out the Census online, it looked like they were connected to the Stats NZ servers, when they were not.
Advertisement
Instead, people connected to the Incapsula gateway, which a network trace showed is hosted in a data centre in Albany.
Connections to Incapsula are done securely through the open standard Transport Layer Security protocol that identifies the server people's computers connect to, and sets up encryption of the data transmitted over the internet. Incapsula operates a TLS proxy, a network device that terminates the connection before it reaches the Stats NZ server, and decrypts the received traffic.
It is done to inspect the traffic so as to remove malicious content such as bots and denial of service attacks.
Once that's done, Incapsula passes on the legitimate traffic to Stats NZ's Census responses collection server.
However, to inspect the traffic, Incapsula decrypts it and the United States-based company is able to see New Zealanders' Census question responses, Teague and Culnane pointed out. Privacy and lack of transparency are at play here.
"The TLS Proxy sees everything that is sent to Stats NZ, and so it has to be fully trusted to keep the data it sees both secure and private," they said. "It gives the false impression that data cannot be read whilst being transmitted to Stats NZ; that data cannot be decrypted by anyone other than Stats NZ; and that the user can be certain they are communicating with Stats NZ," they added.
"Any organisation like Stats NZ has a responsibility to provide accurate and sufficient information about their security so the public can make an informed decision about how they want to interact with government online," Teague and Culnane said.
Stats NZ chief digital officer, Chris Buxton, confirmed the agency uses Incapsula for the Census.
"Given the national scale of the Census and the experience of our colleagues in Australia during their Census in 2016, Stats NZ made the decision to work with an all-of-government approved supplier that could work at a global scale to block DDOS attacks on the census systems," he said.
Incapsula was not named by Stats NZ, and referred to as "a global web security system" and the provider's ability to decrypt and read the data is not mentioned either.
Incapsula's TLS proxy decrypts all the data sent to it for the Census, as it is required to examine and stop any malicious content that an attacker might try to use to compromise Stats NZ systems, Buxton said.
Adding to the researchers' concerns, Stats NZ's digital key that is required to decrypt the data sent over TLS secured connections is now distributed across Incapsula's global network, Teague and Culnane said.
"Our non-exhaustive search found that servers in Australia, the US, as well as New Zealand, all had the Stats NZ key," they added.
Digital TLS keys are supposed to be protected and should only be kept on the servers that they relate to, the researchers said.
If keys are leaked, attackers could use them to impersonate Stats NZ servers.
Buxton said that Incapsula can be trusted to hold the digital credentials to unlock the data.
"Incapsula is a government approved, global security provider, trusted to hold and protect the census private TLS key, and use it for the agreed purpose of ensuring that Census data was protected from malicious attack," he added. .
As for the keys being stored on servers overseas, Buxton said most of the Census data traffic was contained in New Zealand and Australia.
In some cases, households would use virtual private networking tunnels via other countries, and their data would have been routed to the closest server to them, he added.
"It was important that our security protection worked at global scale, so that we were able to defend attacks at the point where they originated without compromising our New Zealand internet systems. Having servers in these locations provided this defence," Buxton said.
The researchers labelled the practice of allowing the keys to be stored on servers outside of New Zealand jurisdiction as a "clear security flaw". They warned the credentials could be used to intercept any encrypted traffic intended for Stats NZ.
Teague and Culnane have reported the flaw to Stats NZ and told the Herald "they acknowledged what we said and appeared to understand the problem."
Buxton said the system for the Census was set up to mitigate a range of risks, including ransomware, malware and DDOS attacks.
He Followed It Up with a Trip to Laos to Ride Another Elephant--And Check It Off His Bucket List
1 2 Mark Moses riding an elephant in Laos Mark Moses, CEO and Founding Partner, CEO Coaching International
End
-- CEO Coaching International's founder and CEO Mark Moses once wanted his company to "Make BIG Happen," so he rode into the annual meeting atop an 8,000-pound African elephant. The elephant became an instant mascot and "thinking big" became a permanent part of the corporate culture. His firm then went from the brink of bankruptcy to achieving their "HOT" or Huge Outrageous Target of doing over a billion dollars in business.Moses, a successful CEO coach, has spent the last decade teaching his best practices methodology to his clients who are in turn achieving their HOTs. Some of these include Grasshopper, which sold to Citrix for $172 million. A wireless company sold to a private equity firm for a nine-figure number. Carson Wealth recently sold a 29% stake at a value of $135 million, and several others clients have raised meaningful growth capital. His recent, best-selling book Make BIG Happen teaches CEOs how to ask better questions to get better results. The questions outlined in the book are the foundation of every fast-growing profitable business and answering them in the right way can lead to exceptional results.Every year Moses is inspired to try new challenges , see new things, and aim for new achievements. He then adds these goals to a continuously growing dream list and shares them, to be held accountable.Moses and his wife recently rode elephants in Laos as part of a dream cycling trip to Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand."I have always believed that life is to be lived," commented Moses.Mark Moses is the Founding Partner of CEO Coaching International and the Amazon Bestselling author of Make Big Happen . His firm coaches over 140 of the world's top high-growth entrepreneurs and CEOs on how to dramatically grow their revenues and profits. Mark has won Ernst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year award and the Blue Chip Enterprise award for overcoming adversity. He has completed 12 full distance Ironman Triathlons including the Hawaii Ironman World Championship 5 times.CEO Coaching International is an executive coaching company that works with the world's top entrepreneurs, CEOs and companies to dramatically grow their business, develop their people, and elevate their own performance. For more information, please visit: http://www.ceocoachinginternational.com
Boulder, Colo., is eyeing a series of changes to its marijuana regulations, including one that would allow cannabis businesses to give away promotional materials — something that's been barred to this point, in an effort by officials to prevent any marketing to kids.
In total, there are 19 different rule changes the City Council will review on Tuesday, many of which are either minor or have little-to-no effect on the public. The recommended charges are supported by city staff and are products of discussion by the city's Marijuana Advisory Panel, a committee including educational professionals, public health advocates, marijuana business owners.
The potential change concerning promotional materials would amend a rule intended to limit what the city describes as “Joe Camel”-esque marketing by marijuana businesses.
“(It's) very challenging to find a balance of interests here,” city staff's memo to the council reads. “For businesses, marketing and branding are recognized ways to increase revenue. For those concerned about the effect of marijuana on youth, there is a desire not to repeat the mistakes related to (tobacco) smoking.”
Read the full article at DailyCamera.com
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Mikheil Saakashvili, the former Georgian president turned opposition leader in Ukraine, appeared in court Monday in the Ukrainian capital for a hearing on whether he should continue to be held in custody.
Saakashvili was arrested Friday on allegations that he colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple President Petro Poroshenko. Saakashvili rejected the allegations and is refusing food to protest his detention.
"I consider myself a prisoner of Ukrainian oligarchs," he said in an apparent reference to the business background of Poroshenko, who ran a chocolate business before he was elected president.
About 200 of Saakashvili's supporters scuffled with police outside the Pechersky District court that deliberated on whether to keep him in custody.
Advertisement
He called for calm, saying in the courtroom that "we don't want confrontation, we don't want any sharp moves."
Yulia Tymoshenko, a former prime minister who leads an opposition party, attended the hearing in a show of support for Saakashvili.
It was unclear when the decision on custody would come.
On Sunday, thousands of Saakashvili's supporters marched across Kiev, demanding his release and calling for Poroshenko to be impeached.
Saakashvili was a key figure in the 2003 Rose Revolution protests that drove Georgian President Eduard Shevardnadze from office. He served two terms as Georgian president in 2004-2013, winning broad acclaim for his anti-corruption efforts, but drawing criticism over a disastrous war with Russia and what his opponents saw as an authoritarian streak.
Poroshenko named him the governor of Ukraine's Odessa region in 2015, but Saakashvili resigned the following year, claiming that Poroshenko and other officials were impeding anti-corruption reforms, and became a strong critic of his former patron.
Georgia stripped Saakashvili of his citizenship after his move to Ukraine. Poroshenko this summer rescinded his Ukrainian citizenship while Saakashvili was out of the country, leaving Saakashvili stateless.
He forced his way into Ukraine in September, barging across the border with Poland with the help of a crowd of supporters.
BURNLEY, England Burnley manager Sean Dyche says the club are in "wait and see" mode over the future of their England international defender Michael Keane, who has been linked with several top clubs.
On Thursday Keane, 24, was nominated by the Professional Footballers' Association for the Young Player of the Year award and with just a year left on his contract at Turf Moor, his future could well be away from the Lancashire club.
Asked whether keeping Keane, who signed from Manchester United in 2015, was a goal for Burnley, Dyche told reporters:
"It is the way it is. We are always speaking to these players and their advisers because we can't do that because we are not powerful enough to just say 'here is a pot of gold, you are staying', we are not that club.
"We always have to have an open dialogue with them. At the moment we will just wait to see what happens, the way he is (doing), it is just that mutual respect of the situation, that's where it is at," he said.
Dyche said he lured Keane, whose contract runs to the end of next season, with the offer of a chance to grow as a player.
"I am pleased because part of my sales pitch to get him here was that he is in a group that will develop and he will be a big part of that, so I am pleased from our point of view that that has rung true for him."
Keane made his full England debut last month in the friendly against Germany and then played in the World Cup qualifier against Lithuania.
The other nominees for Young Player of the Year award are Everton forward Romelu Lukaku, Tottenham attacker Dele Alli, Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford and Manchester City winger Leroy Sané.
“He deserves to be in that company. I just think he has developed well over the last two and a half seasons," Dyche said.
Burnley is 12th in the league after winning promotion last season and Dyche said he was pleased that Keane's fellow professionals, acknowledged the performances of a player from outside the elite clubs.
“We aren't the shining lights of the Premier League, one of the superpowers. For other players to see that he has been terrific in a smaller club, it is good of his peers to recognise that, and he is in some very, very good company with some players who are having fine seasons,” added the Burnley boss.
On Saturday, the Clarets travel to Everton, one of the clubs that have been linked with Keane.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Alison Williams)
The classic Porsche 911 driven by detective Saga Norén in the cult TV series The Bridge is being put up for sale during the Goodwood Festival of Speed.
The Jäger Grun (Hunter Green) 1977 911S has become almost as big a star of the scandi-noir thriller as lead actress Sofia Helin, featuring alongside her from the very first episode.
Now, after four seasons the car is to be auctioned off by the show's producers in aid of the charity WaterAid.
The stunning sports car is being put up for sale by Bonhams at its Goodwood Festival of Speed auction on July 13 with an estimated value of £20,000-£30,000.
The Porsche has inspired a cult-like following among fans of The Bridge, with dozens of forums dedicated to unravelling the story behind the car and its provenance.
What Bonhams has confirmed about the car is that it's a 1977 2.7-litre model with manual transmission built for the US market and imported to Sweden from San Francisco in 2009, since when it's had three owners, including The Bridge's production company.
Sofia Helin, who stars as Saga Norén, is an ambassador for WaterAid, which works in some of the world's poorest communities to improve access to clean water and good hygiene.
She said: “Saga's Porsche is not only a big part of my own acting life but has also become part of Swedish TV history. I'm so pleased the sale of this car will go to such a good cause.
“Through my work with WaterAid, I've seen first-hand the difference clean water can make to people's health, education and livelihoods. Just £15 can provide one person with water so the money raised from the auction will have a huge impact.”
This article first appeared in our sister paper the i.
FILE PHOTO: Tibet's exiled spiritual leader the Dalai Lama is seen at the Arcimboldi theater before receiving honorary citizenship of the city of Milan, in Milan, Italy October 20, 2016. REUTERS/Stefano Rellandini/File Photo
BEIJING China said on Friday it opposes plans by Indian government officials to host Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama in a sensitive border region controlled by New Delhi but claimed by Beijing.
Indian government representatives told Reuters in early March that officials would meet the Dalai Lama while he is on a religious trip to Arunachal Pradesh from April 4-13 and that as a secular democracy they would not stop him from travelling to any part of the country.
China claims the region in the eastern Himalayas as "South Tibet", and it has denounced foreign and even Indian leaders' visits to the region as attempts to bolster New Delhi's territorial claims.
The trip by the Dalai Lama, whom the Chinese regard as a dangerous separatist, is expected to ratchet up tensions between New Delhi and Beijing over strategic issues such as China's growing ties with India's arch-rival Pakistan.
"China resolutely opposes the 14th Dalai Lama visiting border regions disputed by China and India," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang told a regular briefing in Beijing.
China urges India to "avoid taking any actions that would further complicate the border issue, do not provide a platform for the 14th Dalai clique's separatist activities," he said.
"The Dalai clique has made disgraceful performances on the China-India border issue," he added.
A spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs said on Friday that his government's position remained unchanged. "The Dalai Lama is a religious leader and no political meaning needs to be to attached to his activity," Gopal Baglay said.
Visits by the Dalai Lama are planned months, if not years, in advance, and approval for the trip predates recent disagreements between China and India.
The Dalai Lama is expected to meet junior home minister Kiren Rijiju, who is an Arunachal native and the point man of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tibetan issues, while visiting the Buddhist Tawang monastery.
The Dalai Lama last visited the monastery in 2009. He also briefly stayed there after fleeing Tibet in 1959 following a failed uprising against Chinese rule.
"During the Dalai Lama's last visit to Tawang, he said that the area is part of India. This is untrue and it undermines friendly relations between China and India," Lian Xiangming, an academic from China's government-run China Tibetology Research Center, said on March 23 at an event in Beijing.
"Historically, Tawang was under Deprung temple (in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa) and had to make contributions to the regional government, so this means that Tawang is in itself a part of Tibet," he said.
"Given Tawang is a part of Tibet and Tibet is a part of China, it is hard to say there is any logical problem here."
(Reporting by Christian Shepherd in BEIJING; Additional reporting by Tommy Wilkes in NEW DELHI; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Shares in Chile's Salmones Camanchaca surged almost 15 pct to 3,750 pesos ($6.24) on Santiago's IPSA blue chip stock exchange after the company launched its Initial Public Offering (IPO) on Friday morning.
** The Santiago IPO price was set at 3,268 ($5.44) Chilean pesos on Thursday evening, and 19.8 million shares were placed on the Santiago exchange on Friday.
** The IPO raised approximately $108 million for the salmon-producer, which is a unit of Chile's Pesquera Camanchaca SA.
** The IPO operation includes the issuance of NDR (Norwegian Depositary Receipts) in Oslo.
A white Bronx Middle School teacher created a firestorm after simulating an offensive demonstration, instructing Black students to lie on the floor while she placed her foot on their backs in order to emulate the pain of slavery.
"You see how it was to be a slave? How does it feel?" This Bronx social studies teacher has come under fire for telling black students to lie on the floor — then stepped on their backs — so they could understand slavery https://t.co/0aLeAduzqr pic.twitter.com/c7y9ICE2MO — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) February 2, 2018
The teacher, identified as Patricia Cummings, enacted the lesson about two weeks ago during a lesson on the Middle Passage–a violent portion of the American Slave trade where thousands of enslaved Africans were transported in dire conditions.
Cummings taught seventh graders at Middle School 118, a school whose population is predominantly Black and Latino, comprising 81 percent of the total population, the Daily News reports.
Several students and a staff member gave horrifying accounts to New York Daily News “She picked three of the black kids,” said one male student who asked to remain anonymous, and instructed them to get on the floor in front of the classroom. “She said, ‘You see how it was to be a slave?' She said, ‘How does it feel?'”
When one of the female students on the floor joked that she felt fine, Cummings stepped on her back and asked, “See how it feels to be a slave?”
Another student said that prior to the incident, the watched a video which showed slaves being beaten, tortured and thrown overboard.
For her transgressions, Cummings received a mere slap on the wrist and was suspended for a few days, returning to work on Thursday. According to the Daily News, Cummings was reassigned to away from children later in the day after the outlet called the City Education Department to inquire about the event.
“While the investigation has not been completed, these are deeply disturbing allegations, and the alleged behavior has no place in our schools or in society,” said Education Department spokeswoman Toya Holness in a statement to the outlet. When questioned by the Daily News, the school's principal, Giulia Cox, declined to comment.
Another story that demonstrates how volatile a history lesson can be when it's placed in the wrong hands.
SOURCE: New York Daily News
DON'T MISS:
Civil Rights Lawyer Benjamin Crump Labels Louisville ‘Ground Zero' In The #MeToo Movement Amid LMPD Rape Accusations
Chadwick Boseman Shares His Surreal Experience Of Driving Past KKK Rallies While Filming ‘Black Panther'
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
May 2 Bwp Trust
* Bwp Trust AUD$110 million medium term note issue
* Trust has successfully priced a New Australian Dollar Medium Term Note issue of A$110 million unsecured fixed medium term notes
* Proceeds from issue will be applied to general funding and repayment of bank debt
* 5-Year AUD$MTN notes were issued at a coupon rate of 3.50 per cent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 3 GENOVA PROPERTY GROUP AB:
* GENOVA PROPERTY GROUP AND FASTATOR RENT OUT IN SKVALTAN AND PLAN FOR HIGHER RESIDENTIAL BUILDING
* SIGNED 5 YEAR RENTAL DEAL WITH A VALUE OF ABOUT SEK 3.6 MILLION
* CO EQUALLY OWNED BY GENOVA PROPERTY AND FASTATOR SIGNED NEW 5-YEAR LEASE AGREEMENT WITH ANNUAL RENTAL VALUE OF ABOUT SEK 3.6 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Here are the most talked about stories this week on Military.com, along with a sampling of reader responses.
Compared to George W. Bush and Obama, Trump Doesn't Micromanage
Some Vets With PTSD Are Scamming the VA: Testimony
Parents of Veteran Accused of Leak Fear She Will Be Made an Example
Brass Walk Back General's 'Barbie Doll' Remarks After Backlash
Defense Officials to Lawmakers: Let Us Close Bases
-- Brendan McGarry can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com. Follow him on Twitter at @Brendan_McGarry.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of hardy Brummie clubbers shrugged off the Beast from the East 2.0 this weekend - braving the cold in minuscule dresses and thin shorts.
Revellers gathered at Birmingham's popular nightspot to celebrate St Patrick's Day despite the Met Office warning partygoers not to venture out in the 'dangerously cold' winds and snow.
Police advised Brummies to wrap up warm with several layers, but that didn't thwart clubbers' plans to don next-to-nothing outfits on Broad Street this Saturday.
Women were pictured strutting from bar to bar across the ice-covered strip in six-inch heels and sleeveless dresses as the 'mini Beast from the East' blasted the city cente.
Some favoured the ripped-jean look in a bid to stay warm in the freezing temperatures, but could still be seen shivering outside Broad Street's popular haunts.
Revellers were also photographed huddling under the shelter of phonebooths and bar entrances in hope of escaping the weather.
And it wasn't just the women either, men stepped out into the snow in short sleeve shirts and shorts as part of their traditional Irish fancy dress.
Fortunately for the fearless clubbers, warmer forecasts are on the horizon with temperatures of 8C set towards the end of the week.
This is the forecast for this week so far.
Today's forecast:
After a very cold start, it should be a dry and fine day with sunny spells. Remaining breezy but with lighter winds than on Sunday. Temperatures recovering closer to average. Maximum temperature 6 °C.
Outlook for Tuesday to Thursday:
After a frosty start, dry and fine on Tuesday with lighter winds. Turning more unsettled thereafter with spells of rain and strengthening winds, although with temperatures recovering closer to average.
Temperatures will reach a relatively balmy 8C on Thursday.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Czech championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 Pribram 4 MFK Karvina 2 Fastav Zlin 0 Teplice 2 Mlada Boleslav 1 Bohemians 1905 1 Vysocina Jihlava 1 Sparta Prague 0 Brno 2 Jablonec 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Viktoria Plzen 23 16 5 2 35 14 53 2 Slavia Prague 23 15 7 1 47 17 52 ------------------------- 3 Sparta Prague 24 12 7 5 37 21 43 4 Mlada Boleslav 24 10 9 5 35 24 39 ------------------------- 5 Teplice 24 10 7 7 32 22 37 ------------------------- 6 Fastav Zlin 24 9 8 7 29 27 35 7 Jablonec 24 8 8 8 35 30 32 8 Slovacko 23 6 11 6 24 27 29 9 MFK Karvina 24 8 5 11 33 40 29 10 FK Dukla Praha 23 7 6 10 27 26 27 11 Brno 24 4 14 6 25 32 26 12 Bohemians 1905 24 6 7 11 18 28 25 13 Slovan Liberec 23 5 8 10 17 24 23 14 Hradec Kralove 23 6 3 14 22 36 21 ------------------------- 15 Vysocina Jihlava 24 4 8 12 17 37 20 16 Pribram 24 5 3 16 20 48 18 1-2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, April 16 Slovan Liberec v FK Dukla Praha (1300) Viktoria Plzen v Slovacko (1615) Monday, April 17 Slavia Prague v Hradec Kralove (1530)
(Recasts with revised January data)
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 12 Retail sales in Brazil started the year in much better shape than previously thought, government data showed on Wednesday, after an extraordinary upward revision for the January results offset a small drop in February.
Retail sales volumes excluding cars and building materials in Brazil fell 0.2 percent in February from January after seasonal adjustments, statistics agency IBGE said.
In January, sales rose 5.5 percent from the previous month, after being originally reported to have dropped 0.7 percent.
"The January figure was revised by a magnitude rarely seen," wrote Alberto Ramos, head of Latin America economic research at Goldman Sachs, in a report. "According to the revised figures, rather than retrenching, retail sales were booming in January."
The surprisingly good performance of Brazil's commerce in the beginning of 2017, despite record-high unemployment and double-digit interest rates, underpins hopes that the economy is about to exit its worst recession ever.
IBGE said it revised the data after changing the base year of its series to 2014 from 2011 and updating sector weightings.
Supermarket and food sales slipped 0.5 percent in February after an 8.1 percent increase in January, IBGE said. Fuel sales rose 0.6 percent in February after falling 1.3 percent in the previous month.
Sales declined 3.2 percent from the year-earlier period, compared with expectations for a 6.9 percent drop.
A broader retail sales measure that includes cars and building materials rose 1.4 percent in February from January after a 2.8 percent increase in the previous month.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Silvio Cascione; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds United, Cardiff City and Aston Villa are among the Championship sides to feature on Sky television in the coming weeks.
Derby County and Sunderland are also among those who will be on the box.
Matches come thick and fast with the end of the season looming, and the likes of Cardiff City, Fulham and Aston Villa are fighting to make it into the top two.
Meanwhile, Birmingham City, Bolton Wanderers and Barnsley are fighting not to drop into League One.
They are among 127 matches screened live by Sky this season, while football League highlights will continue to be shown on Channel 5 this season.
Here are the televised Sky fixtures coming up:
Friday, March 30
Middlesbrough v Wolves (5.30pm)
Derby v Sunderland (7.45pm)
(Image: Huddersfield Examiner)
Saturday, March 31
Hull City v Aston Villa (5.30pm)
Monday, April 2
Preston v Derby County (12.45pm)
Sheffield United v Cardiff City (7.45pm)
Tuesday, April 3
Fulham v Leeds United (7.45pm)
Friday, April 6
Cardiff City v Wolves
Saturday, April 7
Norwich City v Aston Villa
Tuesday, April 10
Aston Villa v Cardiff City
Wednesday, April 11
Wolves v Derby County
Friday, April 13
Aston Villa v Leeds United (7.45pm)
Saturday, April 14
Fulham v Brentford (5.30pm)
Sunday, April 15
Wolves v Birmingham City (12pm)
Saturday, April 21
Cardiff City v Nottingham Forest (7.45pm)
Throughout the course of the 2017/18 season, Sky Sports will exclusively show 127 live matches from the Sky Bet EFL season.
It will culminate in the play-offs - as well as 15 matches from the Carabao Cup and at least three from the Checkatrade Trophy.
Former WWE Intercontinental Champion Zack Ryder revealed on Twitter that he suffered a knee injury on Monday night during his match against Mike Kanellis, which was taped for Main Event. He noted that he will not be at Friday's Greatest Royal Rumble event in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia as he will be getting an MRI in Orlando.
"This pic is from last night b4 my match with @RealMikeBennett on #MainEvent," Ryder tweeted. "We treated it like we were wrestling on #Raw. Unfortunately, I suffered a knee injury. While the rest of the roster is flying to Saudi Arabia 2day for #WWEGRR, I'm flying back to Orlando to get a MRI."
Ryder tore his ACL in December 2016, which kept him out of action for six months. He was moved to RAW last week as part of the Superstar Shakeup.
You can check out Ryder's tweet below:
PARIS (AP) — French police say an 8-year-old girl was killed and at least five people were injured when a driver slammed his car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant in a small town east of Paris.
An official with the national gendarme service said the driver was arrested soon after the incident Monday night in the town of Sept-Sorts.
The official said it is unclear whether the act was deliberate. The official was not authorized to be publicly named according to police policy.
An Algerian man drove his car into a group of French soldiers last week, and a truck attack in the French city of Nice left 86 people dead a little more than a year ago. Several other countries have seen cars used as weapons in recent years.
(Adds central bank statement)
LAGOS, April 13 Nigerian interbank lending rates rose sharply by around 100 percentage points on Thursday, as commercial lenders scrambled for cash to pay for bond purchases and cover their positions, traders said.
Overnight lending rates rose to around 300 percent from 200 percent at the end of Wednesday, as naira liquidity dried up in the banking system and some banks were forced to borrow from the central bank.
Nigeria raised 105.32 billion naira ($345 million) from bond sales this week, and payment for the debt sale was due on Thursday, draining liquidity in the market and pushing further up the cost of money in the market.
"The market is currently short of funds with major placers asking for a higher rate on their money as a result of pressure from those who need cash to cover their positions," one trader said.
The central bank has consistently sold dollars at both the spot and forward markets, and required banks to pay for the purchase. This has drained liquidity in the market.
The bank said authorised dealers bought $45 million out of $100 million it made available on the spot market.
"There are strong indications that the demand for foreign exchange by authorized dealers has slumped," it said in a statement.
Nigeria's financial markets will be closed until April 18 for a public holiday. ($1 = 305.1000 naira) (Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; Writing by Oludare Mayowa and Alexis Akwagyiram; Editing by Toby Chopra)
SHARE COPY LINK Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding her daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
Kelda Roys is running for Governor of Wisconsin. In this campaign ad, Roy is seen breastfeeding her daughter in the ad. Kelda for Governor 2018
March 29 Broo Ltd
* Unit sorrento brewery has entered into an agreement to acquire a restaurant and bar hospitality business located on ocean beach road
* Entered into a head of agreement for the lease of a site in delacombe
* Initial refurbishment works been completed, and mildura brewery pub is due to re-commence operations in week commencing 3 April 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mumbai: Australian pacer Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the remainder of the Sunrisers Hyderabad campaign in the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) after he suffered a finger injury while fielding in a match against Chennai Super Kings two days back.
"Sunrisers Hyderabad fast bowler Billy Stanlake has been ruled out of the remainder of the eleventh"edition of the ongoing IPL," a media release from the Sunrisers Hyderabad said.
Indian and Australian orthopaedic specialists have advised Stanlake against playing the remaining tournament owing to an injury that he sustained in the match against Chennai Super Kings played at Hyderabad on April 22, it added.
"Billy sustained a displaced fracture on the fifth finger of his right hand whilst fielding. Surgical reduction and fixation was required to restore the function to that finger," the release said.
According to the release,"the pacer"has flown back to Australia for further treatment.
The 23-year-old fast bowler had taken five wickets in the four games, which he played for Hyderabad in this IPL.
Australia have outclassed the Black Caps in their opening T20 tri-series match, cruising to a seven wicket win at the SCG in Sydney tonight.
12.46am: 11.3 overs, AUS 96/2 - Maxwell 40, Carey*
FOUR! A great way to finish the match with Maxwell hitting the ball straight down the ground, leading Australia to a seven wicket win over NZ.
12.42am: 11 overs, AUS 87/3 - Lynn 44, Maxwell 32
12.37am: 9 overs, AUS 71/2 - Lynn 35, Maxwell 25
An expensive over for NZ as the Aussies get 12 runs that over - Australia only need 24 more runs off 36 balls to win.
12.32am: 8.1 overs, AUS 65/2 - Lynn 34, Maxwell 20
SIX! Mitch Santner bowls to Lynn and the Aussie batsman smashes it over deep backward square leg.
12.29am: 7 overs, AUS 54/2 - Lynn 26, Maxwell 17
Australia is now in the box, needing only 41 from 48 balls. Ish Sodhi is back on attack for New Zealand.
12.16am: 4 overs, AUS 27/2 - Lynn 17, Maxwell*
FOUR! Chris Lynn picks up two boundaries in that over. Not a bad over by spinner Mitch Santner but Lynn is just too strong and powerful.
12.07am: 2.1 overs, AUS 10/2 - Warner 6, Lynn*
OUT! A perfect start for the Black Caps! Trent Boult bowls a bouncer to David Warner and he hits it straight to Tom Bruce who juggles it before making a clever catch on the boundary!
12.04am: 1.5 overs, AUS 10/1 - Warner 6, Short 4
WICKET! Tim Southee bowls to D'arcy Short and the Aussie batsman hits it hard to midwicket where Ross Taylor makes an easy catch. New Zealand get a much-needed wicket.
12.00am: 1 over, AUS 1/0 - Warner 1, Short 0
A good start by New Zealand as they only let in one run that over. Great start with the ball by Trent Boult.
11.57pm: AUS 0/0 - Warner 0, Short 0
Trent Boult is at the crease for the Black Caps, set to get things started for the New Zealand bowling attack.
11.55pm: We are set to get back underway here in Sydney. Australia need 95 runs to win the match with the second innings being reduced to 15 overs.
11.47pm: Still a waiting game at the moment in Sydney, the latest they can restart the match is about 12.30am for a possible five over whack for the Aussies.
11.35pm: The rain has come back so the match continues to be on hold. The rain isn't too heavy - hopefully we will have some action in 15-20 minutes.
Colin de Grandhomme of New Zealand bats during game one of the International Twenty20 series between Australia and New Zealand at Sydney Cricket Ground. Source: Getty
11.24pm: The covers come off as the rain eases. The game is set to get back underway in about 15 minutes.
11.15pm:
10.52pm: NZ 117/9 - de Grandhomme 37, Sodhi 0
Final ball of the over and Tye cleans up Ish Sodhi for a duck. It's a full at off stump delivery and Sodhi swings across the line. New Zealand finish with 117 runs, a classy bowling and fielding display from the Australians.
10.49pm: 19.2 overs, NZ 114/8 - de Grandhomme 37, Southee 9
WICKET! It's a low full toss from Tye to Southee and the NZ batsman flicks it out to deep square leg where Stoinis makes a sensational low catch.
10.47pm: 19 overs, NZ 113/7 - de Grandhomme 36, Southee 9
MAXIMUM! Tim Southee joins the party! Richardson bowls to Southee and he smashes it over deep square leg.
10.46pm: 18 overs, NZ 107/7 - de Grandhomme 35, Southee 3
10.38pm: 17.2 overs, NZ 92/7 - de Grandhomme 25, Santner 1
WICKET! Things just keep getting worse for the visitors. Tye bowls to Mitchell Santner and it's a full and straight delivery from Tye. Santner hits it high and the ball doesn't go further than deep midwicket. Tim Southee now joins de Grandhomme at the crease.
10.32pm: 16 overs, NZ 90/6 - Taylor 24, de Grandhomme 24
10.25pm: 15 overs, NZ 84/5 - Taylor 23, de Grandhomme 20
RAINING SIXES! Zampa bowls to de Grandhomme and he smashes over the off side. He shows off his power hitting another six two balls later and this time it's even bigger than the first maximum. De Grandhomme sweeps it over deep midwicket and into the pavilion - what a great shot!
10.22pm: 13.2 overs, NZ 67/5 - Taylor 21, de Grandhomme 5
FOUR! Stanlake bowls to Colin de Grandhomme and the NZ batsman pulls it over midwicket, just short of being a maximum. New Zealand need boundaries and quick if they are to put up a formidable total.
10.15pm: 12.1 overs, NZ 60/5 - Taylor 20, Blundell 14
WICKET! Zampa bowls to Blunder and the NZ batsman tries to go for a maximum but he's caught by Richardson on the boundary at long off. Colin de Grandhomme enters the match for NZ.
10.10pm: 10.3 overs, NZ 51/4 - Taylor 16, Blundell 10
NOT OUT! Zampa bowls to Ross Taylor and the Aussies appeal for an LBW. David Warner calls for a review. The third umpire rules no inside edge and the ball isn't hitting outside off stump.
9.55pm: 7.2 overs, NZ 34/4 - Williamson 8, Taylor 11
OUT! Tye bowls to Kane Williamson - it's a short of a length at off stump delivery. Williamson looked to work it into the leg side but he hits it straight up in the air and David Warner turns and makes a comfortable catch over his shoulder.
9.44pm: 4.4 overs, NZ 22/3 - Williamson 3, Taylor 4
FOUR! Richardson bowls to Taylor there's a touch of width outside off and Taylor plays a slashing cut, takes a top edge and goes through the gap. New Zealand came close to losing another wicket. Taylor and Williamson really need to get going now as Australia builds in confidence.
9.38pm: 3.2 overs, NZ 16/3 - Williamson 1, Bruce 3
WICKET! Stanlake bowls to Bruce and he has three wickets! Stanlake bowls it short over middle and off and the Kiwi batsman can't control his hook shot. It takes a top edge and is caught easily on the long-leg boundary. New Zealand in real trouble now - Ross Taylor joins his skipper in the middle.
9.27pm: 1.2 overs, NZ 11/2 - Guptill 5, Williamson*
Kane Williamson bats against Pakistan Source: Photosport
Another one! Stanlake bowls to Guptill and he is out. A great delivery and he's on a hat-trick! A good length at off stump ball, nips off the seam, and the ball takes the top of off stump.
9.25pm: 1.1 overs, NZ 11/1 - Munro 3, Guptill 5
WICKET! Oh no Colin Munro hits the ball skywards. Munro takes a big top edge as he attempts to pull and Carey makes and easy catch.
9.22pm: 1 over, NZ 11/0 - Munro 3, Guptill 5
A good solid start from the Kiwi openers.
9.20pm: NZ 0/0 - Munro*, Guptill*
9.11pm: Australia have won the toss and have elected to bowl first.
PRE-MATCH:
The Black Caps haven't played at the Sydney Cricket Ground against Australia in a T20 match since 2009.
Colin Munro is set to return to the starting side after injuring his hamstring which forced him out in New Zealand's last T20 match against Pakistan last month.
Australia will be without Pat Cummins, Mitch Starc and Josh Hazlewood who were not named in the squad and will look to their Big Bash League bowlers to fill their shoes.
Black Caps' coach Mike Hesson believes tonight's match will be a tough one even though his side sits higher than Australia in the world rankings.
"It's a great opportunity for us to challenge ourselves obviously against a good side," said Hesson.
New Zealand sit second on the world T20 rankings with Australia ranked seventh.
"A side that's confident, perhaps a little inexperienced in terms of international cricket but certainly experienced in these conditions.
"It's a good opportunity to see where we are at as a T20 group."
TEAMS:
Australia: David Warner (c), Aaron Finch (vc), Ashton Agar, Alex Carey, Ben Dwarshuis, Travis Head, Chris Lynn, Glenn Maxwell, Kane Richardson, D'Arcy Short, Billy Stanlake, Marcus Stoinis, Andrew Tye, Adam Zampa.
New Zealand: Kane Williamson (c), Tom Blundell, Trent Boult, Tom Bruce, Colin de Grandhomme, Martin Guptill, Anaru Kitchen, Colin Munro, Seth Rance, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Ross Taylor, Ben Wheeler.
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
Stanlake to Guptill, OUT , what a ball! He's on a hat-trick! Good length at off stump, nips off the seam, beats the outside edge and takes the top of off stump. That's a beauty
10.15pm: 12.1 overs, NZ 60/5 - Taylor 20, Blundell 14
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Rugby-Care believes flexible England can target World Cup
June 14 Scrumhalf Danny Care believes adopting a different style of play depending on the match situation, much as England did in the thrilling 38-34 win over Argentina in San Juan on Saturday, will increase the side's chances of lifting the next World Cup.
LONDON Here are six memorable matches between Manchester United and Chelsea:
Chelsea 5 Manchester United 6 – First Division, Oct 1954
It is not often that a cattle farmer scores a second-half hat-trick on debut and still ends up on the losing side but such was the fate of Seamus O'Connell, one of two amateurs in the Chelsea side. United's Dennis Viollet also bagged three, with Tommy Taylor (2) and Jackie Blanchflower also on the mark for the visitors as the nascent Busby Babes showed their potential. But Chelsea still ended the season champions for the first time.
Manchester United 0 Chelsea 4 - First Division, Aug 1968
Talk about a European Cup hangover! After beating Benfica to win the trophy for the first time, United suffered a disastrous start to the new season. Chelsea, for whom Ron Harris and Eddie McCreadie proved uncompromising forces on the day, never looked like losing from the moment Tommy Baldwin poached a 40-second lead. By halftime, Bobby Tambling and Baldwin again had made it three, with Alan Birchenall completing the rout. Within months, manager Matt Busby was gone and United was heading for nine long years without a trophy.
Chelsea 3 Manchester United 5 - FA Cup, Jan 1998
With 16 minutes remaining, this game had become an embarrassment for Chelsea. Two first-half goals from David Beckham, including a trademark free-kick, and another double from Andy Cole put United on their way before Teddy Sheringham gave them the high five. But with United coasting, Chelsea began an astonishing comeback that saw Graeme Le Saux and sub Gianluca Vialli score two soft goals. When Gary Pallister gifted Vialli a second with a ridiculous backpass, United were in meltdown and grimly hanging on.
Chelsea 5-0 Manchester United - Premier League, Oct 1999
Jose Mourinho's United are 21 league games unbeaten but Sir Alex Ferguson's treble-winners were on a 29-match unbeaten run when they were trounced to Stamford Bridge. But they didn't help themselves, with Massimo Taibi making a hash of the Gus Poyet's opener after just 27 seconds, Nickly Butt sent off for kicking Dennis Wise in front of the referee and Henning Berg scoring an own goal. Chris Sutton scored his first-ever Chelsea goal, with Poyet again and Jody Morris completing the rout. Unsurprisingly, Taibi never played for United again.
Manchester United 1 Chelsea 1 – Champions League final, May 2008
Back in the days when English teams reached the Champions League final, these two could not be separated after 120 minutes on a rainy night in Moscow. Goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Frank Lampard took the game into extra time when Didier Drogba was sent off. A shootout ensued with John Terry and Nicolas Anelka missing their kicks. Nine years on, Terry says the horror of his slip on approach still wakes him at night.
Chelsea 2 Manchester United 3 - Premier league, Oct 2012
This was the game that took Blues supporters on an unwanted rollercoaster with a comeback from two down followed by two Chelsea sendings off and an offside winner for United. David Luiz had begun the fun with an own goal before Robin van Persie showed why United had just signed him. Chelsea's Juan Mata and Ramires levelled before the referee got his cards out, first sending off Branislav Ivanovic for a second yellow and then Fernando Torres for diving even though Jonny Evans had kicked him. By the time Javier Hernandez converted United's winner from an offside position, Chelsea boss Roberto di Matteo was apoplectic. "It was a good game of football with two good teams and the officials ruined it," he moaned.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
April 6 Sanchez Production Partners LP -
* On April 6, 2017, co entered into an at market issuance sales agreement with FBR capital markets & co - SEC filing
* On April 6, partnership, MLV & Co. mutually agreed to terminate market issuance sales agreement, dated April 17, 2015
* Pursuant agreement, partnership may sell from time to time through FBR, common units representing lp interests in partnership Source text: [bit.ly/2o7xW0U] Further company coverage:
CALGARY, Alberta, April 3 A "severely impaired" Canadian airline pilot who appeared to have passed out in the cockpit of an early-morning flight to Mexico on New Year's Eve has been sentenced to eight months in prison and a one-year flying ban upon release, prosecution said on Monday.
The Sunwing Airlines flight, carrying 105 passengers and crew, was set to make two stops in Canadian cities before heading south to Cancun on New Year's Eve last year.
At the time, police in Calgary said the crew noticed that the pilot was behaving oddly before he became unconscious in the cockpit. The pilot was escorted off the plane and charged with exceeding blood-alcohol limits while having "care and control of an aircraft," police said.
Prosecution identified the pilot as Miroslav Gronych, a Slovakian.
According to a statement filed with a local court, police had observed that Gronych could not walk straight, his speech was slurred and he registered three times the legal limit for alcohol.
Sunwing did not immediately respond to a request for comment. It said earlier that it had found another pilot to helm the flight that day and lauded the diligence of its other crew who had concluded "the captain was unfit to fly." (Reporting by Ethan Lou in Calgary, Alberta; Editing by Leslie Adler)
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.1 struck off western Albania Wednesday, authorities said. No injuries or damage were reported.
The Institute of GeoSciences, Energy, Water and Environment reported that the quake occurred at 0901 GMT (1101 local time) around 18 kilometers (11 miles) underground near Lalesi Bay, a spot frequented by tourists some 30 kilometers (18 miles) west of the capital, Tirana.
It was followed minutes later by a series of weaker quakes, with the strongest measuring 4.3 magnitude, according to the Institute.
The tremor was strongly felt in Tirana, and some people left buildings and went out in the streets fearing further quakes.
Advertisement
Emergency officials told The Associated Press no one was injured. Officials were checking for possibly cracked buildings.
Tirana Mayor Erion Veliaj called on people not to panic but to avoid buildings "until authorities clarify the circumstances."
Albania is part of an earthquake-prone area, registering quakes every few days, though most are not felt.
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
Villagers of Kasamanda in Chief Msoro's area in Mambwe district have complained over the poor state of roads.
The villagers have told Breeze News that roads especially those linking the area to Katete district have not been worked on for over 20 years.
One of the villagers, Bornface Simushi says that Malambo Member of Parliament, Makebi Zulu promised during the late Chief Msoro's burial that the Msoro-Katete road would be rehabilitated in June this year but nothing has been done up to now.
Mr. Simushi says that the villagers feel disappointed that nothing has been done especially that the lawmaker, who is also provincial minister got more votes from the area, for him to win the August 11 parliamentary election.
He claimed that Mr. Zulu has not visited the area from the time he was voted MP for Malambo constituency.
And when contacted Mr. Zulu indicated that he would be visiting Kasamanda this weekend.
Mr. Zulu invited the media to accompany him so that they can appreciate the situation on the ground.
Nicolas Dupont-Aignan of Debout La France group attends a prime-time televised debate for the candidates at French 2017 presidential election in La Plaine Saint-Denis, near Paris, France, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lionel Bonaventure/Pool
PARIS Defeated first-round French presidential candidate Nicolas Dupont-Aignan endorsed Marine Le Pen and struck a deal on the future government with the far-right leader who, polls show, would lose to the centrist Emmanuel Macron in the May 7 runoff.
Right-winger Dupont-Aignan, who scored 4.7 percent of votes in the first round, said he had signed an agreement on the future government with Marine Le Pen that takes into account some "evolution" of her program.
"I will support Marine Le Pen, I will campaign with her on an enlarged government project," Dupont-Aignan told France 2 TV channel.
Two polls on Friday showed centrist Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidential runoff with less than 60 percent of votes, as the far-right candidate Marine Le Pen slightly gained ground since the start of the week.
However, Marine Le Pen's bid to defy the odds and win the French presidency risked a setback on Friday when the man named interim head of her National Front party stood down to defend himself against charges he shares the views of Holocaust deniers.
(Reporting by Maya Nikolaeva and Emmanuel Jarry; Editing by Ralph Boulton)
HONG KONG May 2 Hong Kong and Chinese regulators are set to formally unveil a long-awaited scheme to connect China's $8 trillion bond market with overseas investors in July, with the launch expected in the Autumn, sources told Reuters.
The announcement is planned to coincide with the 20th anniversary of the handover of the former British Colony from British to Chinese rule, which is considered by the Chinese authorities to be an auspicious date, two people briefed on the matter said.
Plans for a "Bond Connect" programme have been percolating since Beijing launched a scheme allowing two-way trading between the Hong Kong and Shanghai stock markets in 2014, but the authorities have provided few details on the mechanics or the timeline. (Reporting by Michelle Price; Editing by Sam Holmes)
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - An Iraqi military parade in Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone celebrated final victory over Islamic State on Sunday, with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi looking on as troops marched in formation, their bodies spelling “victory day” in Arabic.
Abadi, who is also commander-in-chief of the armed forces, listened solemnly to Quranic verses from a chapter titled al-Nasr, meaning victory.
Iraqi forces recaptured the last areas still under Islamic State control along the border with Syria on Saturday and secured the western desert, marking the end of the war against the militants three years after they had captured about a third of Iraq's territory.
The forces fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now expect a new phase of guerrilla warfare.
Watching the parade on Sunday, state television showed Abadi sat on a throne-like chair placed between two Iraqi flags with the country's official seal behind him, and with all other officials sat at a distance from him.
Abadi declared Dec. 10 would be an annual national holiday. Fighter jets were seen and heard flying over Baghdad's skies.
An announcer introduced various factions who took on Islamic State as troops marched, tanks rolled by and helicopters hovered, all brandishing Iraqi flags as Abadi stood up and waved.
An Iraqi man holds an Iraqi flag as he celebrates the final victory over the Islamic State at Tahrir Square in Baghdad, Iraq December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
Those who fought were drawn from the army, air force, federal and local police, elite counter-terrorism forces, as well as Shi‘ite and Sunni paramilitaries and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters. They received key air support from a U.S.-led global coalition.
In his victory speech, delivered on Saturday, Abadi did not mention the Peshmerga, who played a big part in the fight against Islamic State.
Slideshow (16 Images)
The central government in Baghdad is in conflict with the semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government after the latter unilaterally held an independence referendum in September.
Instead Abadi hailed the Iranian-trained and backed Popular Mobilisation Forces (PMF), a group of Shi‘ite militias, many of whom are loyal to Iran.
He also said that the state should have a legitimate monopoly on arms, however. Disarming the PMF is seen as Abadi's greatest challenge after Islamic State's defeat.
The man who many saw as weak and ineffectual when he took over in 2014 from a predecessor who was blamed for the Islamic State takeover now heads towards an election next year as the commander who freed Iraqi lands.
Or as one Western diplomat described him - “the most popular man in Iraq.”
BANGKOK, March 29 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Myanmar has abundant renewable energy resources but less than a third of its population is connected to the electricity grid.
Here are some facts and figures about the Southeast Asian nation's energy needs and proposed solutions:
* In 2014, around 70 percent of Myanmar's 51.4 million people did not have access to national grid power. In rural areas, the figure was 84 percent.
* Myanmar's power distribution utilities added about 200,000 residential customers in 2013. At that rate, it would take nearly 40 years to get everyone connected.
* Rural households spend more money on electricity, and use unsustainable and even dangerous energy sources such as diesel generators, kerosene, car and motorcycle batteries, and candles. One hour of diesel power in rural Myanmar costs roughly the same as 24 hours of power in the city of Yangon.
* Myanmar's energy consumption is among the lowest in the world. One Burmese person, on average, consumes around 160 kilowatt hours (kWh) annually - 20 times less than the world average of 3,000 kWh per capita.
* But this is changing, with peak load demand growing at an average 14 percent per year in the past five years.
* Around two-thirds of Myanmar's 4.6 gigawatt power capacity comes from hydroelectric dams. Natural gas accounts for 29 percent and coal-fired power 3 percent.
* Due to heavy reliance on hydropower, the system cannot meet peak demand during the dry season, leading to frequent and prolonged blackouts.
* Myanmar currently has three master plans to meet its future energy needs, formulated by the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), the Asian Development Bank (ADB) and the World Bank.
* The National Electrification Plan (NEP) aims to make 7.2 million new household connections, and achieve 100 percent access to electricity by 2030, mainly by extending the grid.
* The NEP's first phase began with a $400 million loan from the World Bank. The plan calls for investments of $5.8 billion over the next 15 years. As yet, it is unclear where the rest of the funding will come from.
* The Myanmar Energy Master Plan projects an increase in coal's share of electricity output to almost 30 percent in 2030, up from less than 2 percent in 2015. Hydropower is projected to drop from 65 percent to 57 percent but remains the largest generator. Solar, by comparison, sees a modest rise from 0 to 5 percent.
* Myanmar's coal is considered low quality with high moisture content. Coal is a major source of greenhouse gas emissions.
* Myanmar's previous administration gave responsibility for off-grid rural electrification to a department under the agriculture ministry, instead of the powerful Ministry of Electricity and Energy. This stops other government agencies from working on renewable energy projects, and limits private-sector participation, critics say. (Sources: Reuters, The Irrawaddy, Myanmar Times, World Bank, ADB, JICA, IFC, Pact, Ministry of Electricity and Energy, Department of Rural Development, Department of Population) (Reporting By Thin Lei Win, Editing by Megan Rowling; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org)
A crater is seen at the site of an airstrike, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A Syrian man from Idlib is carried by Turkish medics wearing chemical protective suits to a hospital in the border town of Reyhanli in Hatay province, Turkey, April 4, 2017. Ferhat Dervisoglu/Dogan News Agency via REUTERS
A man breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A man breathes through an oxygen mask as another one receives treatments, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
A man carries the body of a dead child, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah
BEIRUT A suspected Syrian government chemical attack killed scores of people, including children, in the northwestern province of Idlib on Tuesday, a monitoring group, medics and rescue workers in the rebel-held area said.
The U.S. government believes the chemical agent sarin was used in the attack, a U.S. government source said, adding it was "almost certainly" carried out by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The Syrian military denied responsibility and said it would never use chemical weapons, echoing denials it has made over the course of the more than six-year Syrian civil war that has killed hundreds of thousands, created the world's worst refugee crisis and drawn in nations such as Russia, Iran and the United States.
The United States, Britain and France on Tuesday proposed a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the attack, which they have blamed on Assad's forces. Diplomats said the resolution would likely be put to a vote on Wednesday.
The attack also sparked political recriminations. U.S. President Donald Trump condemned the "heinous actions by the Bashar al-Assad regime," but also blamed his predecessor Barack Obama's "weakness" on Syria. A Syrian opposition figure said it was a consequence of recent U.S. statements suggesting a focus on stopping Islamic State militants rather than ousting Assad.
If confirmed, the incident reported in the town of Khan Sheikhoun would be the deadliest chemical attack in Syria since sarin gas killed hundreds of civilians in Ghouta near Damascus in August 2013. Western states said the Syrian government was responsible for that attack. Damascus blamed rebels.
The head of the health authority in rebel-held Idlib province said more than 50 people had been killed and 300 wounded in the latest incident. The Union of Medical Care Organizations, a coalition of international aid agencies that funds hospitals in Syria, said the death toll was at least 100.
The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack killed at least 58 people and was believed to have been carried out by Syrian government jets. It caused many people to choke and some to foam at the mouth.
Director Rami Abdulrahman told Reuters the assessment that Syrian government warplanes were to blame was based on several factors such as the type of aircraft, including Sukhoi 22 jets, that carried out the raid.
"We deny completely the use of any chemical or toxic material in Khan Sheikhoun town today and the army has not used nor will use in any place or time neither in past nor in future," the Syrian army command said in a statement.
The Russian Defence Ministry, whose forces are backing Assad, said its aircraft had not carried out the attack. The U.N. Security Council was expected to meet on Wednesday to discuss the incident.
Reuters photographs showed people breathing through oxygen masks and wearing protection suits, while others carried the bodies of dead children. Corpses wrapped in blankets were lined up on the ground.
Activists in northern Syria circulated pictures on social media showing a man with foam around his mouth, and rescue workers hosing down almost-naked children squirming on the floor.
BLAME GAME
Mounzer Khalil, head of Idlib's health authority, said hospitals in the province were overflowing with victims.
"This morning, at 6:30 a.m., warplanes targeted Khan Sheikhoun with gases, believed to be sarin and chlorine," he told a news conference.
The attack sparked a blame game within the United States.
Trump faulted Obama for not enforcing a 2012 "red line" against the use of chemical weapons and suggested the attack was "a consequence of the past administration's weakness and irresolution."
An Obama spokesman declined comment.
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson issued an appeal for Russia and Iran "to exercise their influence over the Syrian regime and to guarantee that this sort of horrific attack never happens again."
In contrast, Syrian opposition member Basma Kodmani blamed recent statements by Tillerson and U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley that suggested the new U.S. administration could live with Assad remaining in power for the time being.
"This is a direct consequence of American statements about Assad not being a priority and giving him time and allowing him to stay in power," Kodmani told Reuters via text, saying the U.S. officials' comments amounted to "a blank check for Assad."
French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said the attack was a way of testing the Trump administration and urged Washington to clarify its position on Assad.
The incident was condemned by a host of leaders, including the president of France, who directly blamed Syrian government forces, and Britain, which said Assad would be guilty of a war crime if his government was proved responsible.
U.N. Syria mediator Staffan de Mistura said the "horrific" chemical attack had come from the air.
The draft text of the U.N. resolution, seen by Reuters, says Syria's government must provide an international investigation with flight plans and logs for Tuesday, the names of all helicopter squadron commanders and provide access to air bases where investigators believe attacks using chemicals may have been launched.
In February, Russia, backed by China, cast its seventh veto to protect Assad's government from U.N. Security Council action, blocking a bid by Western powers to impose sanctions over accusations of chemical weapons attacks during the conflict.
A series of investigations by the United Nations and the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) found that various parties in the Syrian war had used chlorine, sulfur mustard gas and sarin.
TOXIC ARSENAL
Idlib province contains the largest populated area controlled by anti-Assad rebels - both nationalist Free Syrian Army groups and powerful Islamist factions including the former al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front.
Idlib's population has ballooned, with thousands of fighters and civilians shuttled out of Aleppo city and areas around Damascus that the government has retaken in recent months as Assad has gained the upper hand in the war.
The United States has also launched a spate of air strikes in Idlib this year, targeting jihadist insurgents.
Following the 2013 attack, Syria joined the international Chemical Weapons Convention under a U.S.-Russian deal, averting the threat of U.S.-led military intervention.
Under the deal, Syria agreed to give up its toxic arsenal and surrendered 1,300 tonnes of toxic weapons and industrial chemicals to the international community for destruction.
U.N.-OPCW investigators found, however, that it continued to use chlorine, which is widely available and hard to trace, in so-called barrel bombs dropped from helicopters. Chlorine is not a banned substance, but the use of any chemical is banned under 1997 Chemical Weapons Convention, to which Syria is a member.
(Additional reporting by Laila Bassam in Beirut, Anthony Deutsch in Amsterdam, Ercan Gurses and Tulay Karadeniz in Ankara, Daren Butler in Istanbul, Robin Emmott in Brussels, John Irish in Paris, Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva, Steve Holland, Mark Hosenball, Lesley Wroughton, Arshad Mohammed and Yara Bayoumy in Washington and Michelle Nichols at the United Nations; Editing by Andrew Roche and Peter Cooney)
March 29 U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission :
* Target recalls magnetic tic tac toe games due to choking and magnet ingestion hazards
* Says Target has received one report of magnets falling off game piece. No injuries have been reported
* Target recalls about 19,000 magnetic tic tac toe games Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Daniel Bryan made an appearance on Inside the Ropes and spoke about Titus O'Neil falling during the Greatest Royal Rumble last month in Saudi Arabia. As O'Neil headed to join the match, he tripped and flew right under the edge of the ring, causing the announcers and just about everyone else to laugh uncontrollably.
At the time, Bryan wasn't laughing since he was one of the first Superstars to feel O'Neil's wrath once he got into the ring.
"I was in the ring - and keep in mind I had been in the ring for a long time - I didn't know anything had happened," Bryan said. "Titus slides into the ring and punches me in the face, like really hard. He's got these big, huge hands and he's like 'boom!' I'm like, 'Woah! What happened?' I was enraged and I was gonna go kick him in the face. And then I glance up, and you see the tron, and they played it like 12 times in a row of him tripping, falling, and sliding into the ring. I was just like, 'You know what? I understand. I'm gonna go over here. I'm going to leave him be.'"
Here's a look a O'Neil's fall during his entrance.
See Also Daniel Bryan Says He Constantly Struggles With Speaking Up To Get Pushed More
O'Neil would last barely five minutes in the match before being eliminated by Braun Strowman, who would go on to win. Things weren't all bad for him though, O'Neil ended up getting his own WWE shirt to commemorate the moment.
Shaira Rivera flashed top form and stunned top seed Clarice Patrimonio, 6-1, 6-0, to barge into the semifinal round of the Olivarez Cup Open Tennis Championship at the Olivarez Sports Center in Sucat, Parañaque on Monday.
The fifth-ranked Rivera, the 18-year-old find from Compostela Valley, baffled Patrimonio with her superb all-around game and fashioned out the surprisingly one-sided victory that set her up against third seed Jade Capadocia in the women's singles semifinals.
Capadocia eased past Rachelle de Guzman, 6-0, 6-1, to bolster her title bid in the eighth staging of the annual event put up by Parañaque Mayor Edwin Olivarez along with Rep. Eric Olivarez and Dr. Pablo Olivarez as part of the family's long-time commitment to boost the sport.
Second seed and three-time defending champion Khim Iglupas, on the other hand, took the shorter route to the semis, scoring a 1-0 (ret.) win over Miles Vitaliano. The Iligan City ace will dispute the other finals slot with Davao's Patricia Velez, who held off Aileen Rogan, 6-4, 7-5.
Eric “Jed” Olivarez Jr., meanwhile, sustained his run of reversals, upending No. 5 Leander Lazaro, 6-3, 6-4, to crash into the Final Four of the men's side of the event backed by Palawan Pawnshop, Stronghold Insurance, Milestone Guarantee Assurance Corp. and Sterling Insurance Company.
The 13th-ranked Olivarez, on a break from his studies at Western Michigan University, earlier shocked No. 4 Vicente Anasta, 6-4, 6-2, in the Last 16 phase to stay in the hunt for the top P50,000 purses.
But he is expected to have his hands full when he faces doubles partner and No. 2 PJ Tierro, who downed Fritz Verdad, 7-6(1), 6-0, for a spot in the finals.
Top seed Johnny Arcilla stayed on track for another championship as he whipped Rodolfo Barquin, 6-2, 6-2, to seal an interesting Final Four duel with No. 3 Jason Patrombon, who survived Ronard Joven, 6-3, 4-6, 6-3.
Also on tap are the men's and women's doubles with top seed Manuel Balce and Patrombon leading the quarterfinalists who included Russel Cero and Feb Deha, Olivarez and Tierro, Joshua Kinaadman and Gabriel Peña, Jordan Cimafranca and Noel Damian, Anasta and Mark Alcoseba, Lazaro and Verdad and Arcilla and Joven.
The Patrimonio sisters, Clarice and Christine, on the other hand, head the quarters cast in the distaff side that includes Justine Maneja and Chloe Saraza, Alyssa Bornia and Alliah Ragunton, Akiko de Guzman and Rachelle de Guzman, Bea Acena and Rafaella Villanueva, Iglupas and Rivera, Jesica Agra and Bambi Zoleta, Marian and Jade Capadocia, and Francaix Mangiat and Grace Melchor.
Pedestrians walk past the Bank of England in the City of London May 15, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
LONDON The Bank of England (BoE) said on Thursday it would make changes to its interest rate benchmark next year as part of efforts to make a key reference point for financial contracts harder to manipulate.
The new methodology for calculating the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) will capture an average daily transaction volume of nearly 40 billion pounds, about four times the amount under the current system.
The new SONIA is on average a little more than 1 basis point lower than the current benchmark, the BoE said in a statement on Thursday.
The BoE also said it would use a trimmed mean in formulating the benchmark, seen as less sensitive to erroneous or potentially manipulative transactions than the current volume-weighted mean approach.
Banks will be given six months' notice of the changes, which will be introduced in March or April next year and are generally in line with proposals made at public consultations in October and February.
Some in the industry has called for a lowering in the minimum SONIA transaction size to 10 million pounds from 25 million, but the BoE said it had "concluded that a reduction in the transaction size threshold is not warranted at this stage".
Most of those who responded to the consultations agreed that the ability of the BoE to "evolve the methodology for producing SONIA was an important strand in meeting the requirements of regulatory best practise for benchmarks".
SONIA has been considered an alternative for some contracts to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), a global benchmark for around $450 trillion of contracts that has been tainted by a market-rigging scandal.
The LIBOR, and a separate rigging scandal in foreign exchange benchmarks, led to the first set of European Union laws which mandate that benchmarks must be operated transparently and at arm's length from those who contribute data to compile them.
(Reporting by Huw Jones; editing by John Stonestreet)
Police say a man in a stolen van caused a five-vehicle crash at Sleater Kinney Road and Martin Way East on Thursday. Courtesy photo Olympia Police Department
KUALA LUMPUR State fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad has cleared over 3 billion ringgits ($678.96 million) in debt over the past two years, Prime Minister Najib Razak said on Wednesday, amid ongoing money-laundering probes linked to 1MDB in at least six countries.
The sovereign wealth fund, founded by Najib, is at the centre of civil lawsuits filed by the U.S. Department of Justice that allege more than $3.5 billion was misappropriated from 1MDB. The fund is also being investigated in Switzerland and Singapore.
Najib's premiership was rocked by a series of reports by the Wall Street Journal since mid-2015 tracing how over $1 billion of 1MDB funds were transferred into his personal bank accounts.
Najib, who had chaired 1MDB's advisory board until it was dissolved in May last year, has denied all allegations of corruption, saying that he has never received any funds from a state agency or fund for his own benefit.
The government has said that most of the funds transferred to the prime minister's bank account had been gifted by a member of the Saudi royal family, and had subsequently been returned.
Encouraged by the inability of the country's fractured opposition to capitalise more strongly, Najib is expected to call an early general election this year as he seeks to put the scandal to rest.
In a written reply to parliament dated March 29, Najib said 1MDB has settled its borrowings in full with four lenders between 2015 and 2016. These included credit and loan facilities from Affin Bank, Marstan Investments N.V., EXIM Bank and the Malaysian government.
"Currently, 1MDB does not have any bank loans or short term debts," he said.
Najib said 1MDB raised 10.97 billion ringgits in cash over the same period through the sale of Edra Global Energy Bhd, the sale of an equity stake in Bandar Malaysia Sdn Bhd and the sale of a plot of land in the Tun Razak Exchange in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur.
"As the 1MDB Rationalisation Plan is underway, no new assets be it domestic or overseas were acquired between 2015 and 2016," the prime minister said.
($1 = 4.4185 ringgit)
(Reporting by Joseph Sipalan; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In his fourth instalment of the Arabian Nightmares series, Henry Naylor attempts to finally bridge the gap between the divided East and West. Spanning over 17 years, Borders follows the lives of two young individuals – one a British photographer, the other a Syrian artist and activist – connected by their experiences of war and art.
With only two stools resting on a bare stage, director Michael Cabot leaves his two actors to their own devices. With only their stories to tell, both take us on their individual journeys, finding a crossroads in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea in 2015. While there are some overlaps in their narratives, Sebastian Nightingale and the Syrian woman, ‘Nameless' greatly contrast one another. Sebastian's journey to fame is one that is highly amusing, as he documents his struggles as a political photographer and later rise in the celebrity world. Graham O'Mara's features and mannerisms echo Hugh Laurie at his best, and the various characters he portrays are each well characterised. The same can be said for actress Avital Lvova. Lvova uses her whole body in each characterisation, convincingly portraying the other players in the Syrian woman's story. Her portrayal of Naylor's fiery young protagonist is exceptional, and she tells her story with such force and passion that she provides much of Borders' impact.
While the production may culminate in these two worlds meeting, the distance between the two characters – both geographically and mentally – can prove to be problematic. Most viewers will welcome the distinction between the two, particularly when it comes to O'Mara's character. Sebastian's various celebrity encounters – from Daniel Beddingfield to Angelina Jolie – provide respite from Lvova's traumatising experiences. However, there reaches a point where Sebastian's story begins to interrupt the Syrian's woman story in a detrimental way. His anecdotes are sometimes too short, merely begging for attention the same way the media focuses on Western suffering over the atrocities in the Middle East. As the embodiment of both the corrupt Western world and the media, Sebastian is faultless. His desire to find profit in other people's suffering (to the point where he is frustrated to miss the events of 9/11) is a brutally honest reflection of Western society. However, these laughs to relieve the tension demean the story that Lvova's character has to tell. Yes, Borders would be unbearable if we were to hear Lvova's story alone. However, that is surely the point that Naylor is trying to make. The suffering that the people in Syria and other war-torn nations endure we cannot even begin to imagine – even Lvova's Nameless is just a single voice in a crowd of anonymous, unheard figures. Sebastian's story, meanwhile, allows us to seek comfort in our Western lives – in what is safe and familiar to us – at the expense of having a phenomenal impact on the audience.
Border appears to have had a major impact on Fringe audiences this year. Indeed, there are some exceptional elements within this play; I just worry that they may be overshadowed by the audience's laughs.
Borders by Henry Naylor
Gilded Balloon Teviot – Dining Room (Venue 14)
Until 28th August (not 16th)
Buy tickets here
Photo credit: Steve Ullathorne
March 31 COLLECTOR AB:
* SAID ON THURSDAY BOARD RESOLVED TO APPOINT LENA APLER, COLLECTOR'S FOUNDER AND CHAIRMAN,AS ACTING CEO EFFECTIVE FROM APRIL 5 AND UNTIL NEW CEO HAS BEEN RECRUITED
* RECRUITMENT OF A NEW CEO IS IN PROGRESS AND IS EXPECTED TO BE CONCLUDED DURING THE SPRING
* IN CONNECTION WITH APLER TAKING ON POSITION OF ACTING PRESIDENT AND CEO, HER ROLE AS CHAIRMAN WILL, UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE, BE ASSUMED BY CURRENT VICE CHAIRMAN, ERIK SELIN
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Corrects fifth bullet to add dropped words "south India")
March 30 Puravankara Ltd
* Says reduces overall debt by 4.50 billion rupees
* Says net-debt to equity ratio will now stand at 0.74 from the Dec 31, 2016 level of 0.94
* Says impact of debt reduction to lead to about INR 500 million being saved annually
* Says got INR 4.75 billion from exit of investment of land in Raidurg village
* In next few qtrs, co, unit Provident Housing will launch about 13 million sq feet across west and south India Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
The Italian hacking group CPY announced today it finally cracked Assassin's Creed Origins meaning people with pirated versions of the game will now be able to bypass its DRM protections.
The announcement from CPY cropped up on the CrackWatch subreddit earlier today where commenters have been speculating for months about when and if the game would ever have its DRM cracked. This was after the initial controversy surrounding Ubisoft's decision to include so many layers of anti-piracy protection due to complaints from regular PC players that the combination of Denuvo 4.8, VMProtect, and Ubsisoft's standard Uplay security were an usual drain on their system's resources.
Most new games get cracked by hacker groups within weeks or even days of release at this point. Early last year, a slew of games had workarounds for their Denuvo anti-piracy protection put out in record time, starting with Resident Evil 7. Assassin's Creed Origins managed to keep its various layers of protection intact for much longer, however, due in part to a newer version of Denuvo than what past games were using.
CPY, which sometimes cracks games under the name CONSPIR4CY, has been responsible for cracking many of the biggest games over the last few years including Doom, Inside, and Resident Evil 7. The roll out of Denuvo 4.8, however, seemed to have stopped it and other groups in their tracks. Middle-earth: Shadow of War, South Park: The Fractured but Whole, FIFA 18 all used an older version of Denuvo and were each cracked within a day of release. It wasn't until late January that version 4.8 was first cracked with Sonic Forces, but Assassin's Creed Origins still presented unique challenges due to the added VRProtect and Uplay protections.
Advertisement
With piraters now able to bypass the game's protections, it's unclear whether Ubisoft will keep all of the anti-tampering tech in place. Certain publishers have patched their games after they've been cracked to remove Denuvo, which is what happened with Doom and Inside. In Doom's case, a spokesperson for Denuvo told Kotaku at the time that the reason it was removed was because it had already accomplished the main goal of protecting the game during its initial sales window. At three months, Assassin's Creed Origins' anti-piracy protections accomplished something similar. The company hasn't been one to remove Denuvo after the fact in the past, however. Kotaku has reached out to both Ubisoft and Denuvo for comment on the matter.
Last month Denuvo was purchased by the digital security company Irdeto and has already released a version 5.0 of its software. Dragon Ball FighterZ, released January 26, is the most recent game to use this version and remains uncracked.
(Corrects headline and first paragraph to show inflation is expected to be elevated for two months not six)
NAIROBI, March 28 Kenya's inflation rate will remain above the government's target range in the next two months and then ease back towards it, central bank governor Patrick Njoroge said on Tuesday.
Year-on-year inflation surged to 9 percent last month after a drought drove up food prices.
The target range is 2.5-7.5 percent. Policymakers held the benchmark lending rate at 10.0 percent for the third time in a row on Monday, saying there was no demand-driven inflation risk.
The bank's monetary policy committee said it was concerned by the impact of a cap on commercial rates, imposed by the government last September. The cap worsened already sluggish private sector credit growth.
Njoroge said there were signs the growth of credit could be starting to inch up, after stabilising at about 4.5 percent year-on-year in December.
"We expected it to be 5.5 percent this month but let's see," he said. (Reporting by Duncan Miriri; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
ATHENS, March 31 Greece opened expressions of interest on Friday for hiring consultants on utilising the state shares in seven major companies, including utility Public Power Corp and Athens International Airport (AIA).
The other companies are natural gas company DEPA, the biggest oil refiner Hellenic Petroleum, telecoms operator OTE and water companies of Athens and Thessaloniki, the country's privatisation agency said. (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou, Writing by Michele Kambas)
FILE PHOTO: Photographers take pictures of Argentina's President Mauricio Macri during the opening of a new legislative session in Buenos Aires, Argentina March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Martin Acosta
BUENOS AIRES President Mauricio Macri's promises to end trade restrictions and open Argentine commerce to the world have fallen flat for many importers, who are going to court to free up goods trapped in the country's byzantine customs system.
The delays have led companies to file an increasing number of injunctions asking judges to require the government to release their imports, according to interviews with three law firms specializing in customs issues, sources at two importing companies and a source at Argentina's Production Ministry.
They said it was difficult to estimate the total number of cases because they are usually settled out of court.
In Argentina, importers buy goods and then must ask the government for permission to bring them into the country. Under Macri, the number of overall goods that need import licenses has nearly tripled to 1,628 up from 618 under the previous government, according to official government data.
The increased requirements were meant to protect jobs during a recession, a source at the government's Production Ministry said.
"This is protectionism, plain and simple," Ruben Garcia, president of the Argentine Chamber of Importers, said in an interview earlier this month. "Importers are looking for judicial rulings because there are impediments that should not exist."
At the same time, Macri is fielding criticism from manufacturers who fear they will not be able to compete with a rush of imported goods as Macri promises to liberalize trade.
The dual complaints highlight the government's difficult balancing act in trying to open Argentina's economy without prompting layoffs and popular discontent ahead of congressional elections later this year.
Since taking office in December 2015, Macri has eliminated or reduced export taxes and restrictions on agricultural products and minerals, allowed the peso currency to float and has aggressively pursued free-trade pacts.
He has taken some steps to liberalize imports as well, recently eliminating a 35 percent tariff on computer imports. That prompted the closure of a Bangho laptop assembly factory in Buenos Aires and led to 200 lost jobs and fears of additional cuts even as consumers welcomed the prospect of cheaper electronics.
Despite Macri's promised economic opening, the value of imported goods - mostly intermediate goods for local production - fell 6.9 percent in 2016 compared with 2015, according to the private Institute of Statistics and Census.
That was due to a weak economy and inflation of around 40 percent last year that reduced demand as well as new requirements for import licenses.
The licenses mostly affect goods that could be classified as either final products or parts to be used in manufacturing, customs lawyers said.
"It is very difficult to get approval," said one businessman who imports fabric to make clothes in Buenos Aires who spoke on condition of anonymity. "There are delays for both fabrics and spare parts for machinery."
The source at the Production Ministry, which handles international trade policy, said the majority of judicial claims came from companies that sought to import volumes of goods out of proportion to their past activities, raising concerns of black-market dealing.
WORRIES ABOUT IMPORTS OF SHOES, TOYS
He said Macri's government had worked hard to dismantle smuggling through the ports and now companies were asking to import more goods legally.
"When we see a reasonable company, with history, having these types of problems, we resolve them," said the source, who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the press.
At the same time, footwear, clothing and toy companies are lobbying to block imports to prevent competition.
Imports of shoes rose to 27.3 million pairs in 2016 from 22.6 million the prior year while imported textiles were 61 percent of the local market last year from 50 percent in 2015.
"Our level of activity fell by 25 percent, more than the decline in consumption, which was 15 percent," said Jorge Sorabilla, president of the Pro-tejer Foundation, a lobby group for textile and clothing companies. "That additional 10 percent is due to imports."
(Reporting by Eliana Raszewski; Writing by Luc Cohen; Editing by Caroline Stauffer and Cynthia Osterman)
May 3 Marks & Spencer said on Wednesday it had hired Halfords' boss Jill McDonald to head its clothing division, appointing an executive with no experience in fashion to run its most troubled division.
M&S was once the go-to destination on the British high street for clothes, selling everything from school uniforms to underwear and first interview suits.
But the retailer has been squeezed in recent years by the arrival of fast, cheap fashion at one end of the market and more affordable luxury at the other.
It has invested heavily in recent years to improve its supply chain logistics, products, stores and website, helping it to enjoy a strong Christmas in 2016.
Following is a list of people who have sought to turn around M&S's clothing and homewares business over the past decade or so and how they got on.
Kate Bostock (March 10, 2008)
- Named executive director of clothing as part of an overhaul of the company's management
- Had been with M&S for about four years after previously holding senior roles at fashion retailer Next and the George clothing division at Asda.
- Left in 2012 as M&S' general merchandise division posted its biggest quarterly sales drop for 3-1/2 years partly due to stock management issues that left its stores short of best selling womenswear lines
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4.6 billion pounds and 4.2 billion pounds respectively
Belinda Earl (September 1, 2012)
- Named Style Director in a newly-created part-time role, reporting to the head of general merchandise
- Previously ran retailers Debenhams, Aquascutum and Jaeger
- M&S has since enjoyed some rave reviews for specific items such as a 70s style suede skirt and a pink coat. She remains in the role.
John Dixon (Oct 1, 2012)
- Named executive director, general merchandise
- A company veteran of 26 years and previously executive director, food.
- After helping pioneer M&S's successful Dine-in-for-10 pounds food line, Dixon was moved to revive growth at the company's merchandise business. He left suddenly in 2015 and took up a role in Australia.
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4.2 billion pounds and 4 billion pounds respectively
Steve Rowe (July 16, 2015)
- Appointed executive director, general merchandise
- Had also worked with M&S for over 26 years and he too was previously executive director of food
- During his tenure, M&S' clothing division reported an increase in quarterly sales for the first time in nearly two years at the end of 2016, helping the 133-year-old company to soundly beat forecasts for Christmas trading. Rowe warned however that there was a lot more to do
- He relinquished the role to McDonald on Wednesday
- Division's annual revenue at beginning and end of the tenure: 4 billion pounds and 3.9 billion pounds respectively, with the division now renamed Clothing and Home (Reporting by Rahul B and Esha Vaish in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3314, or 75.11 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed across the yield curve TORONTO, April 12 The Canadian dollar strengthened on Wednesday to a nine-day high against its U.S. counterpart ahead of a Bank of Canada interest rate decision, supported by higher prices of oil, one of the country's major exports. U.S. crude prices rose 0.26 percent to $53.54 a barrel after Saudi Arabia was said to be pushing its fellow OPEC members and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June. The Bank of Canada is widely expected to hold rates at 0.50 percent when it releases its interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Report at 10 a.m. ET (1400 GMT). The strength of recent domestic data has pointed to a pickup in Canada's economy. But the central bank has been skeptical about the sustainability of the improvement and has worried about "significant uncertainties" that weigh on the outlook. "We expect that concern about possible protectionist trade measures from the U.S. will continue to be highlighted as a key near-term risk to growth," said RBC Capital Markets in a research note this morning. At 9:12 a.m. ET (1312 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3314 to the greenback, or 75.11 U.S. cents, stronger than Tuesday's close of C$1.3332, or 75.01 U.S. cents. The currency's weakest level of the session was C$1.3339, while it touched its strongest since April 3 at C$1.3307. Gains for Canada's risk-sensitive currency came as a break in alarming international political news cooled a safe-haven rally that saw the yen and gold at five-month highs and top-rated government bond yields at their lowest this year. Canadian home prices rose in March, extending their climb in major cities in Ontario and British Columbia, according to data which was likely to add to concerns about housing affordability in some parts of the country. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year down 1 Canadian cent to yield 0.736 percent and the 10-year rising 4 Canadian cents to yield 1.540 percent. The western Canadian province of Manitoba on Tuesday forecast an C$840 million deficit for its 2017-18 budget, its ninth straight shortfall, as Premier Brian Pallister's Progressive Conservatives chart a long path back to balanced budgets. (Reporting by Fergal Smith Editing by W Simon)
ONEONTA – A Staten Island man was arrested and charged with allegedly threatening a homeowner after fleeing the SUNY Oneonta campus.
Diego Bravo, 22, was arrested after Oneonta Police responded to a report at 12 Hazel St. described as a man “yelling and crying.” Responding officers reported seeing a heavyset shirtless male standing in the street; at his feet, an older male was trying to defend himself.
Officers separated the men and interviewed them. The older man, who lives at 12 Hazel, told the police he heard a loud bang. He found Bravo in his home, yelling and acting aggressively, and he left, fearing for his safety, police said.
Bravo pursued him and overtook him, knocking him to the ground and punching him, police said.
According to Acting Police Chief Doug Brenner, Bravo was visiting a SUNY Oneonta student and allegedly had an altercation on campus. He fled, and police believe he was trying to hide in the Hazel Street house.
Oneonta Police charged Bravo with Burglary in the Second Degree, a Class C felony, Menacing in the Third Degree, a class B misdemeanor and Harassment in the Second Degree, a violation. If convicted, he faces a maximum of 25 years incarceration.
0 0 0 SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY.
Slam Dunk has revealed pop-punk titans Good Charlotte as joint-headliners of this year's festival.
They will join the previously announced emo-rock legends Jimmy Eat World when the travelling festival returns in May.
Other new additions to the line-up include PVRIS, Frank Carter & The Rattlesnakes, Creeper, Thursday, Every Time I Die, Knuckle Puck, Crown The Empire and Real Friends.
Slam Dunk heads to the region on Monday, May 28, following previous shows in Leeds and Hatfield.
The Midlands leg is at the NEC in Birmingham.
From bursting into the public consciousness with their chart-conquering pop punk through to becoming true kings of their genre via stints on MTV and six huge studio albums, few bands have had the staying power of Good Charlotte.
Lead by the Madden brothers Benji and Joel, the multi-platinum stars will be at Slam Dunk to prove exactly why they've stayed at the top of their game over the past two decades.
Joining them will be Massachusetts three-piece PVRIS.
Since their inception in 2012 they've gone from strength to strength and garnered a legion of fans in the process.
They last played the festival in 2015, after which being originally booked for the new bands stage were upgraded to the main stage due to their sudden rise in popularity.
Now they return in 2018 to be one of the festival's biggest artists.
After standing as one of the most recognisable voices in modern British rock over the past decade, Frank and his Rattlesnakes have had a mammoth rise over the past 18 months - releasing two vastly acclaimed albums, capturing festival audiences with sets of the weekends and culminating in their biggest headline show to date at London's Brixton Academy.
Carter said: “I cannot wait to play Slam Dunk – this has been an incredible couple of years for us, and I can't think of a better way to start our festival season in 2018 than showing up and absolutely dominating at Slam Dunk.”
After seven years away, Thursday will return to the UK in 2018, with Slam Dunk Festival the only place to see one of the most hotly-anticipated reunions in alt-rock.
Lead by frontman Geoff Rickly, Thursday touched at the hearts and minds of a generation - with records like Full Collapse and War All The Time still heralded as some of the most influential snapshots in time that the genre has ever seen.
He said: “From the very first moment Thursday started playing shows again, we began to ask each other, ‘How can we get back to the UK?
“Well, we have finally found a way. We're very happy to be joining some of our oldest friends at Slam Dunk and we have a bunch of surprises still in store.”
After its most successful year to date in 2017, Slam Dunk Festival was crowned the Best Metropolitan Festival at the UK Festival Awards.
General admission tickets cost £49 or £55 for the tickets including an afterparty.
To book visit http://slamdunkmusic.com
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
Follow @insidefutbol
Southampton's bid for Lazio centre-back Wesley Hoedt could see the Rome club shut the door on selling Liverpool and Juventus target Stefan de Vrij this summer.
The Saints have gone in with an offer of €17m for Hoedt and are hoping to take the Netherlands international to England.
De Vrij is another Lazio defender who has been linked with the exit door, amid interest from Liverpool and Juventus, but according to Italian broadcaster Premium Sport, what happens with Hoedt is likely to impact his future.
It is claimed that if Lazio do sell Hoedt to Southampton then they are unlikely to agree to also sell De Vrij and could slam the door on clubs wanting to sign him.
De Vrij has a further year left on his contract with Lazio and has so far refused to sign an extension.
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in his quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
May 3 Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp:
* Tallgrass Energy reports strong first quarter 2017 results
* Qtrly revenue $144.4 million versus $147.2 million
* Qtrly diluted net income per common unit $0.55
* Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp - board of directors of TEGP's general partner declared quarterly cash distribution of $0.2875 per class A share for Q1 2017
* Tallgrass Energy Partners Lp - quarterly distribution represents a sequential increase of 3.6 percent from q4 2016 distribution Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Adds strategist quotes and updates prices) * Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3334, or 75.00 U.S. cents * Bond prices lower across the yield curve By Fergal Smith TORONTO, March 30 The Canadian dollar surrendered early gains as it closed unchanged on Thursday after posting a nine-day high against its U.S. counterpart, ahead of Friday's release of the country's gross domestic product data for January. U.S. crude prices settled 84 cents higher at $50.35 a barrel after Kuwait backed an extension of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries production cuts to reduce a global glut. "The big story is oil back above 50 ... it is a huge relief for CAD," said Greg Anderson, global head of foreign exchange strategy in New York. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. The U.S. dollar rose after U.S. fourth-quarter gross domestic product growth figures were revised higher and softer-than-expected readings for German inflation weighed on the euro. Some investors took the opportunity to sell euros against the Canadian dollar, Anderson said. "When euro started to sell off hard today, it just added wind to CAD sails." The Canadian dollar ended at C$1.3334 to the greenback, or 75.00 U.S. cents, little changed from Wednesday's close of C$1.3333, or 75.00 U.S. cents. The currency's weakest level of the session was C$1.3347, while it touched its strongest since March 21 at C$1.3278. The Wall Street Journal reported that President Donald Trump's administration was signaling to Congress that it would seek mostly modest changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement in upcoming negotiations with Mexico and Canada. Canada exports about 75 percent of its exports to the United States, and traders are closely following developments in U.S. trade policy. In domestic data, producer prices edged up 0.1 percent in February from January, which was less than the 0.3 percent increase analysts had expected. Still, the year-on-year gain picked up to 3.5 percent from 2.5 percent. On Friday, Canada issues January GDP data, expected by economists to rise 0.3 percent. That could set the stage for a stronger performance in the first quarter than initially expected. Canadian government bond prices were lower across the yield curve, with the two-year down 4.5 Canadian cents to yield 0.748 percent, its highest since March 24, and the 10-year falling 33 Canadian cents to yield 1.632 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith; Editing by W Simon and Peter Cooney)
TOKYO, March 29 Toshiba Corp's CEO said on Wednesday that offers received so far for a stake in its NAND flash memory business are high enough for the Japanese company to avoid falling into negative shareholder equity.
"We expect the chip unit valuation will be at least 2 trillion yen ($18 billion), Satoshi Tsunakawa said at a news briefing in Tokyo after the company's U.S. Westinghouse nuclear unit filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors.
Tsunakawa will seek approval for the sale of more than half the business at a gathering of shareholders in Tokyo on Thursday. ($1 = 110.9600 yen) (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
An 18-year-old man died in a crash in Hamilton this morning while fleeing police.
A police officer signalled for the man to pull over because of how he was driving.
He did not stop and a crashed into a tree on River Rd, just north of Oakley Ave, Claudelands, a short time later, police said.
However, a local believes police should have stopped the chase before the car rounded the bend as the road was wet and slippery at the time.
Advertisement
The driver was the only person in the car.
Emergency services were called to the crash about 3am. The man had died by the time ambulance staff arrived.
The resident said he was "pissed off" with police for chasing the car "down [River] road, round that dangerous corner in wet conditions".
"They didn't back off, I heard the crash from my room, I just live over there and I said to my wife, 'someone's been killed'."
Debris from a tree which a car crashed into, killing its driver, litters River Rd, Hamilton this morning. Photo/Belinda Feek Debris from a tree which a car crashed into, killing its driver, litters River Rd, Hamilton this morning. Photo/Belinda Feek
The resident said people crashed going around the corner when it was damp even without being chased.
"He's probably been hooning, I've got no doubt about that, but why did they chase the guy in the first place and why didn't they just back off? It was 3am. What did the guy do wrong? I mean he's only 18 years old. He doesn't know how to drive and they drove him into that corner where it's slippery."
The man said he heard a crunch and "knew straight away someone was being chased and that they were dead".
"It wasn't a thud, it was a crunch."
It wasn't the first time he'd seen a police chase.
"I live on this road and I see them chasing them people going 100 miles an hour like they're Dukes of Hazzard, you know."
Diversions are in place on River Rd around Oakley Ave while the Serious Crash Unit investigates.
The once-secret memo was released by the House Intelligence Committee on Friday.
In his first comments since the House Intelligence Committee released a once-secret and controversial memo, President Donald Trump on Saturday said the Republican-penned document vindicates him, once again asserting that there was "no collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia. The memo, which was prepared under the direction of Republican Rep. Devin Nunes, a Trump ally, questions the Justice Department and the FBI over their investigation of possible collusion between Trump's presidential campaign and the Russian government. Democrats and intelligence officials objected to its release on the grounds that it provided a selective, politicized view of raw intelligence matter. But in a tweet on Saturday, Trump said, "The memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on."
The four-page memo does not take a broad look at the entire Russia probe, only its beginning, nor does it make any comment on any alleged obstruction of justice by Trump or his associates. Instead, the memo states that top DOJ and FBI officials sought an application to surveil former Trump campaign foreign policy advisor Carter Page using the dossier by former former British MI6 intelligence official Christopher Steele. The memo says that officials did not adequately explain to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) judge that the dossier was funded in part by the Democrats. The dossier was first published by BuzzFeed News last January after security officials had briefed then-president Barack Obama and Trump about it. The memo also reveals that a federal judge renewed a surveillance warrant on Page three times after the initial approval in October 2016.
Warrants granted by a FISA court, such as the one approved for Page, are valid for only 90 days and can be renewed only if a judge is convinced the warrant has yielded valuable intelligence. On Friday, Nunes admitted he did not personally review the applications for the surveillance warrants but that he relied on Rep. Trey Gowdy, a fellow Republican on the committee. Nunes told Fox News that the committee made an agreement with the Justice Department to only allow one person to review the documents. In a series of tweets on Friday, Gowdy said that the memo does not discredit special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation, adding that he has confidence in “the overwhelming majority of the men and women serving at the FBI and DOJ."
Advertisement
As I have said repeatedly, I also remain 100 percent confident in Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The contents of t… https://t.co/qObXI0DtQm
Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, earlier this week slammed Nunes for not having read the raw intelligence like he had. "The chairman never bothered to go read these underlying materials," Schiff told CNN on Monday. "After months and months of making this argument that the FBI and DOJ are involved in some sort of conspiracy, he didn't even bother to read the materials himself." A Democratic counter-memo — prepared as a rebuttal to the Republican memo — disputes that the dossier played a critical role in the Carter FISA application, a person familiar with that memo told BuzzFeed News. The Democratic memo also says the FBI informed the FISA court in its initial warrant application that the dossier came from a politically motivated source, though it did not say that the Democratic National Committee had funded the research. The House Intelligence Committee initially voted not to release the Democratic memo, but it may be made public in the coming weeks. In a statement following the release of the memo, House Speaker Paul Ryan called the concern raised in the Republican memo “a specific legitimate one,” and he said he also supported the released of the Democratic memo. “I reiterate my support for the similar release of the minority's memo once it is properly scrubbed of all intelligence sources and methods. It is critical that we focus on specific actions and specific actors and not use this memo to impugn the integrity of the justice system and FBI,” he said. Ryan also told Republicans that the “memo does not impugn the Mueller investigation.” Thomas Frank contributed to this report.
Mary Ann Georgantopoulos is a reporter for BuzzFeed News and is based in New York. Contact Mary Ann Georgantopoulos at maryann.georgantopoulos@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
By Elizabeth Adegbesan
BLOCK-chain and Bitcoin are the latest trend in electronic payment and they seem to be gaining recognition. What are the inherent risks and benefits in these new technologies?
Block-chain is an emerging innovation which is gaining traction in the payment system, banking and so many areas. The most prominent innovation on top of block-chain so far is Bitcoin which people see as an alternative form or alternative currency that we all use. And it is beginning to gain so much ground across the world. How will it affect payment? Obviously, some people are already using it to make payment. Largely the technology offers efficiency which means it is going to reduce cost of transaction, as a result of that you will see it that people are beginning to think that this will be a silver bullet for solving financial exclusion.
So we may see a situation where financial inclusion may be an advantage through block-chain technology either using bitcoin or the central bank deciding to even have its own physical currency. As we know today we have other several currencies, digital currency as we call them that rival bitcoin. Up to a thousand of them or so, so when you think of that big stake out there, there is need for caution as usual because there is no central bank or control to it.
Appropriate risk framework
I can build my own bank and do my payment as I like and nobody will know what I am doing. At the same time the risk is also there. We all know the issue of terrorism that we have, the issue of organized crime that can be escalated by such innovation without appropriate risk framework around.
However the advantages are there and there have been various reviews being done by international banks, central banks around the world and of course CBN is not left behind. We are reviewing it and looking at how it can be of good use while also managing the risk that arises.
Some people see the emergence of Financial Technology (Fintechs) companies as a threat to the existence of banks. How real is this threat?
To take it on a serious note Fintech has always been in the system. It is just that more prominence is being given to their roles and that is because most banks all over the world are now focusing on their core functions and leaving other functions to service providers some of which are now referred to as Financial Technology Providers. The need for collaboration between the Fintechs and the banks will always continue to be on the rise.
But the truth is none can displace the other. It is just that there will be more prominence for the Fintechs going forward. In some jurisdictions Fintechs are being allowed or plans are on the way to allow Fintechs even to connect to the central bank which was the exclusive preserve of the banks.
But the question is, even when such connections are made where will the money be? Because Fintechs are not licensed as financial institutions, they cannot take deposits. They can make payments out of bank accounts. They can only facilitate payment or make it easier but the banks will continue to play a very big role. When we talk of banking, most of us what we experience most times is payment. We pay money and we receive money. Banks provide hundreds of services outside payment. They open letters of credit, they give you loan and you can only give loan if you take deposits. And there are other services provided.
In the payment space Fintechs will continue to be relevant and their relevance is going to increase. But that they are going to take out the banks, that is a dream that is not likely to come true. But a flip part to it which is also an advantage to the bank is that the prominent role of the Fintechs will even make it possible for banks to provide services at a cheaper rate, as well as get to the nook and crannies where hitherto they would not be able to provide services. You know before a bank will need to create another branch, before it will provide services, you will need to work with the bank branch or even go to an ATM to have services from the bank. But that is changing.
There are concerns about risk of using USSD for electronic payment transactions especially given the simplicity of the process. What is the CBN doing in this regard?
Yes, in fact it is part of our regulatory requirement that any bank that is applying for a product license of the use of USSD must also have special PIN. You find out that when some of the banks started to use USSD they only adopted a static Personal Identification Number (PIN) which is usually taken from the product. But we noticed that that is prone to fraud. Because if the last four digits that is in front of my card, anyone who wants to do a USSD fraud on my account may need to get the last four digits of my card and unfortunately when you use an ATM and you get a receipt, have you ever noticed that the number that comes with your receipt is the last four digits of your card.
So somebody does not even have to target my card. All you need do is monitor me closely. If I get a receipt from an ATM, you get the number and with that you can carry out unauthorized transactions from my account. So we said no, we cannot use static PIN irrespective of the source of the PIN it must be dynamic and that is one of the challenges or issues when it comes to the regulation of the bank. Because a bank that already set up a system for USSD using a static PIN and we now said no, stop using a static PIN, it must be dynamic. It means it needs to do a lot of changes.
The risk in the use of USSD like any other payment channel is there but the point is what we are doing to ensure that those risks are eliminated. It is the simplest method of Financial Inclusion there is no doubt because unlike an application on your smart phone that would need data before you can do any transaction, USSD can work wherever you can make or receive calls.
So if I go to my village and wants to pay someone who has a bank account I can use a USSD. Very soon we are going to issue a circular on the minimum regulatory requirement on the use of USSD.
The SIM swap process have become another loophole exploited for electronic fraud. What are the regulators doing to checkmate this trend?
Some of the fraud we are still battling with is the issue of SIM swap. We are working with the NCC to tighten the process of SIM card swap. It may include biometrics and a unique number may be required.
In Nigeria, we have consistently over the last three years reduced the value of electronic fraud. The game changer is the Bank Verification Number (BVN). It is not only helping us to identify who owns what, but going forward, just as it was announced by the Bankers' Committee at the last meeting, the BVN would be used as an instrument to track fraudsters in the system.
When electronic fraud happens, money is moved from one account to another account. That other account that money is moved to, the owner can be identified. And when such owners can be identified, they can be blacklisted or watch listed.
It means that fraudsters can be identified and if possible taken out of the system. So, the BVN is going to be a game changer in this respect. We are working on the final framework and when it is concluded, it would be issued to the industry.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa are lining up a move for Feyenoord's former Liverpool goalkeeper Brad Jones, reports the Sunday People.
Steve Bruce is planning to bolster his goalkeeping department in the summer and has reportedly sent Tony Coton to watch Jones in action recently.
Jones, 35, has spent the past two seasons in Holland with Feyenoord as their No.1 having been an understudy throughout his career.
The Australian has 69 appearances across the past two seasons and has played Champions League football this term.
He's kept nine clean sheets in 31 appearances this season and Feyenoord sit fifth in the Eredivisie table.
Bruce has always maintained current goalkeeper Sam Johnstone remains his first choice long term custodian for Villa, but his situation is one of uncertainty.
If Villa are promoted to the Premier League then they should be able to fund a deal to bring Johnstone to Villa Park from Manchester United permanently.
If they don't go up, however, a deal for Johnstone becomes difficult.
In the meantime, Bruce and his scouting staff will continue to come up with contingency plans in the eventuality of each scenario.
More Villa news
Aston Villa captain John Terry wants to play on next season - and he hopes to come up against his former club Chelsea.
Terry ended a 22-year association with Chelsea last summer and linked up with long time admirer Steve Bruce at Villa Park.
The 37-year-old agreed to a one-year contract and admitted that a key factor behind his decision to join Villa was so that he wouldn't come face to face with his beloved Chelsea.
Terry has now decided to play on for at least another year and hopes to lead Villa into the Premier League which would see a reunion with his former club.
The Sunday People reports Terry has indicated to Bruce that he would be happy to stay at B6.
However, Premier League football could be key to securing the deal. Terry would land a hefty bonus if Villa returned to the big time, but he'd have to take a pay cut to remain at the club if it were in the Championship.
Apart from a two-month spell on the sidelines due to a broken metatarsal, Terry has been a constant in Villa's backline and has become a hugely popular figure in the dressing room and on the terraces.
Local lad Jack Grealish is playing the best football of his Villa career and Terry is understood to have taken the 22-year-old under his wing in order to help him fulfill his potential.
Bruce has gone on record many a time to explain why Terry is far more than just a fantastic footballer.
“People like Glenn Whelan, Mile Jedinak and John Terry in particular have been there done it and worn the t-shirt,” Bruce said recently.
“The more you have of them the better.
“The reason I brought them here was not just to handle big games but to handle Aston Villa.
“They have done that fantastically well all season.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- The phone at Tickets for Less at Oak Park Mall was ringing off the hook Monday as Chiefs fans tried to track down tickets to see the Chiefs play in their first AFC divisional game at Arrowhead since 2003.
The Chiefs earned a first-round playoff bye with their 37-27 victory Sunday against the Chargers in perhaps the final NFL game in San Diego. The Chiefs (12-4) clinched the division with the win and Oakland's loss at Denver.
The Chiefs will play their next game at Arrowhead on Sunday, Jan.15 at noon. The Chiefs opponent will be determined this weekend in the wildcard playoff games. The highest-seeded team remaining after this weekend's wildcard games will come to Kansas City.
Tickets for the game are on sale now and start at $100.
Sellers say it's better to buy tickets now than wait because prices will go up.
Chiefs know they worked hard to win division and now have more work to do
"I think people want to go," said Carson Brackney with Tickets For Less. "I mean it's been a while, and they're excited. I think people who may have been sitting on the fence over the course of the last few weeks are now sort of hopping on the band wagon. The last couple of games have dispelled a lot of doubt for people."
Once you get your tickets, don't forget on top of tickets to fork out cash for a parking pass. Pre-paid parking passes are as low as $35. Parking at the tollgates on game day will be $60 -- cash only.
FILE - In this Dec. 2, 2015, file photo, Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk delivers a speech at the Paris Pantheon Sorbonne University as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. For years, Tesla has boasted that its cars and SUVs are safer than other vehicles on the roads, and CEO Elon Musk doubled down on the claims in a series of tweets this week. Francois Mori, File AP Photo
(Corrects paragraph 20 to reflect that some workers are part-time)
By Jeffrey Dastin and Aishwarya Venugopal
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc on Thursday reported a profit near $2 billion, the largest in its history, as the online retailer drew millions of new customers to its Prime fast-shipping club for the holiday season and as changes to U.S. tax law added to its bottom line.
Shares rose more than 6 percent in extended trading, after previously closing down 4 percent on the Nasdaq.
Seattle-based Amazon is using fast shipping, television shows exclusive to its website and forays into new technology, such as its voice-controlled Alexa devices, to attract high-spending Prime members. Amazon said price cuts at Whole Foods Market, which it acquired for $13.7 billion last year, are helping it win grocery sales, too.
The world's largest online retailer said net income more than doubled to $1.86 billion, or $3.75 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. Its profit received a provisional $789 million boost from the U.S. Republican tax bill passed in December. Analysts on average were expecting just $1.85 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (tmsnrt.rs/24gibla)
“This was another blow-out quarter for Amazon,” said GBH Insights analyst Daniel Ives. “The retail strength was eye-popping as the company had a banner holiday season and looked to capture roughly 50 percent of all e-commerce holiday season sales.”
As expected, the period running from before the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday through New Years was Amazon's biggest-ever by revenue. Sales rose 38 percent to $60.5 billion in the quarter, beating estimates.
The company's fast delivery, like its two-hour Prime Now service, has helped win over holiday shoppers eager to avoid the crowds of big box retailers. Prime saw more than 4 million sign-ups in one week alone last quarter, and revenue from subscription fees grew 49 percent to $3.2 billion, Amazon said.
That figure is expected to rise this quarter in part because the company recently raised the fee for month-to-month Prime plans, affecting some 30 percent of subscribers, according to analysts at Cowen & Co. Some 60 million, or close to half of all U.S. households, are estimated to have Prime subscriptions.
Advertising and other revenue rose 62 percent to $1.74 billion.
Perhaps the surprise star of the past quarter was Amazon's voice aide Alexa, embedded in the company's Echo speakers and Fire TV players, as well as some cars and house gadgets. Millions of Amazon customers ordered goods by voice with Alexa in the past year, said Brian Olsavsky, Amazon's chief financial officer, on a call with reporters.
“Our 2017 projections for Alexa were very optimistic, and we far exceeded them,” added Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder and chief executive, in a statement. “We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often — expect us to double down.”
HEAVY SPENDING
Amazon's stock has outperformed the S&P 500, rising almost 50 percent since the start of the fourth quarter, compared with the S&P's 12 percent rise.
Its shares trade at a premium to those of many peers. The stock's price-to-earnings ratio is nearly 12 times that of cloud computing rival Microsoft Corp, for instance.
Amazon Web Services (AWS), which is dueling with Microsoft to handle data and computing for large enterprises, saw its profit margin expand from the third quarter.
This was a “sign of platform strength despite increasing competition,” said Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian in a research note.
AWS posted a 45 percent rise in sales to $5.1 billion.
Amazon said it expects operating profit in the current quarter of between $300 million and $1 billion. Analysts were expecting $1.5 billion, according to analytics firm FactSet.
Olsavsky, Amazon's CFO, told reporters, “We're still in heavy investment mode.”
The company has become notorious for running on a low profit margin. Yet its big bets on new services and entry into new industries have reaped shareholders rewards over the past decade, including its founder Bezos, now the richest man in the world.
Amazon continues to spend on a wide array of areas. It is expanding its retail footprint outside the United States, particularly in India, and almost doubled its international operating loss to $919 million in the fourth quarter. Amazon's global headcount is up 66 percent from a year ago at 566,000 full-time and part-time employees, thanks to a hiring spree and an influx of workers from Whole Foods Market.
And earlier this week, it announced a partnership with JPMorgan Chase & Co and Berkshire Hathaway Inc to determine how to cut health costs for hundreds of thousands of their employees.
The company said it plans to spend more on video content this year as well, with a prequel television series to “The Lord of the Rings” in the works. Analysts estimate Amazon spent $4.5 billion or more in 2017.
“Revenue and margins vastly exceeded expectations, and cost control was impressive, so that's what people are focused on,” said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter, adding, “It's clear that they will spend a lot more in 2018.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Rand down 0.42 pct
* Stocks inch up 0.26 pct
* Bonds under pressure
* Investors awaiting clarity on possible reshuffle (Adds fresh quotes, stocks, updates levels)
JOHANNESBURG, March 29 South Africa's rand and bonds extended losses on Wednesday, amid speculation of an imminent cabinet shake-up that could see Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan removed, but stocks inched up.
Local assets have been under pressure since President Jacob Zuma ordered Gordhan on Monday to abandon an investor roadshow in Britain and fly home, triggering questions about his future. Zuma has not given a reason for the recall.
The rand was volatile for the third straight day, falling 0.42 percent against the dollar to 13.0400 by 1546 GMT compared to its New York close of 12.9850.
The rand briefly turned positive for the first time since Monday after two sources told Reuters that the top six people in South Africa's ruling African National Congress were divided down the middle on whether to remove Gordhan.
Speculation is swirling that Zuma might remove Gordhan after the funeral of anti-apartheid hero Ahmed Kathrada or after a cabinet meeting following that.
"The rand will probably still remain at these weaker levels until we get some clarity," said Rand Merchant Bank rand trader Ian Martin.
On the bourse, the benchmark Top-40 index rose 0.42 percent to 45,404 points while the All-Share index gained 0.26 percent to 52,444 points.
Among the gainers, platinum producers Lonmin and Royal Bafokeng Platinum Ltd, inched up 0.49 percent to 14.50 and 0.67 to 33.25 rand respectively on higher platinum prices.
The banking index however, bucked the trend, falling 2.45 percent with investors in a wait-and-see mode.
"Local political news is now pretty much everything for the local market," Rand Merchant Bank currency strategists John Cairns said.
In fixed income, the yield for the benchmark government bond due in 2026 rose 2 basis points to 8.735 percent. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso and Nqobile Dludla; Editing by Andrew Roche)
April 10 PGS Software SA:
* Said on Friday that its Q1 preliminary revenue was about 23.9 million zlotys ($5.99 million), up 34.4 pct year on year
* In Q1 the company gained 7 new clients
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9876 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Support has flooded in for a mother-of-two after her son fell out of his seat on a Wellington train after being told she couldn't strap her kids into their pram.
Emily Broadmore wanted her two young twins Hugo and Connie left buckled in their pram on the train from Wellington to Masterton, but was told she couldn't because of health and safety reasons.
Writing on the 1 NEWS Facebook page, Roxanne Rehm has branded the train staff's actions as "disgusting and poor common sense."
"Clearly they don't have babies as anyone with experience with an infant would know that restrained in a pushchair is safer than loose on a seat in a fast moving vehicle.'
Another Facebook user Tania Walkin says she hopes "no-one has to go through this trauma again."
"I'm glad the company have spoken to staff about how to treat their passengers. Respect your passengers especially those who have young children with them."
Ms Broadmore first had issues travelling with her children in March, but was given assurances from the operator there would be no repeats.
However on Monday staff refused her request to put her pram in the designated wheelchair space, saying it was against health and safety regulations.
She says she was told she shouldn't even be travelling with babies.
Jack Noris asks what train staff would prefer - "Keep all babies inside the house until they turn maybe 4 yrs old?"
Ms Broadmore says Hugo and Connie were seated and the pram was stored away after leaving the station.
"I turned momentarily to Connie and he just dived about a metre and a half."
Transdev Wellington, the company who run the service, apologised to Ms Broadmore and said there has been a change to the company's guidelines.
"We did immediately make contact with that customer and we had a staff member meet her at Wellington Station and help her," Emily Liddell of Transdev Wellington said.
Motive still a mystery in grenade detonation
Two men died instantly when a grenade was detonated in a seeming murder-suicide by a former police officer in Tbong Khmum province yesterday afternoon, though local authorities and villagers remained unsure as to the motive.
Men Sam Ol, Memot commune police chief, said Sam Sarath, 63, and his nephew Khonh Kha, 43, died when Sarath set off the grenade.
“I cannot say it is a suicide. I can just say he detonated the grenade. He was drunk and came to look for his phone. But the other one said he did not know anything about it. Then [Sarath] said [to Kha] ‘If we love each other, may I hug you?' Then he hugged Kha and detonated the grenade,” said Sam Ol.
“As I remember, he used to be a policeman. But we don't know exactly where he got the grenade from. They never had a quarrel,” Sam Ol added. He said that Kha's wife, who was sitting just 5 metres from the explosion, was unharmed.
Long Thavrin, Memot district deputy police chief, confirmed the incident and said villagers were confused as to why it occurred.
“There seems to have been no reason. They were uncle and nephew. They were drinking together in another villager's house and no quarrel happened. Then Khonh Kha went to his house to eat rice. Then Sam Sarath followed. He carried the bomb and Khonh Kha said, ‘Uncle! Don't kid'. Then [Sarath] detonated it,” Thavrin said.
PRECIOUS-Gold turns down after Fed's plan seen less dovish than expected
* Dollar rebounds from 7-month low after Fed statement * Fed raises interest rates as expected * GRAPHIC-2017 asset returns: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Recasts throughout after Fed statement, updates prices; adds comment, second byline, NEW YORK dateline) By Marcy Nicholson and Jan Harvey NEW YORK/LONDON, June 14 Gold turned negative on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve increased interest rates but was less dovish than expected following a two-day meeting, and
(Reuters Health) - Kids are more likely to step in when they see bullying at school if their parents have told them to get involved than if they've been taught it's better to stay out of it, a recent U.S. study suggests.
About one in 10 children are victims of bullying, and many anti-bullying programs are focused on getting bystanders to intervene, researchers note in the Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology. While previous research has linked certain parenting practices to higher odds that kids will be victims or perpetrators of bullying, less is known about how parents impact what children do as bystanders.
For the current study, researchers surveyed 1,440 fourth and fifth grade students about how their classmates behaved in bullying situations and also did home interviews to see how parents told kids to respond to hypothetical incidents.
In school, kids whose classmates said they might intervene to stop bullies and to comfort victims were more likely to have parents at home who told them getting involved was the right thing to do, the study found. At the same time, kids whose parents told them to stay out of it were both less likely to help victims and more likely to become perpetrators.
“We were surprised to find that when parents told children not to get involved, children were actually more likely to join in the bullying,” said lead study author Stevie Grassetti, a psychology researcher at the University of Delaware.
The study didn't explore why parents' advice to steer clear of bullying translated into encouraging or participating in this behavior.
“It could be that when parents told children to stay out of it, children perceived this advice to indicate a lack of empathy for victims and, in turn joined in bullying because they believed doing so really was not very bad,” Grassetti said by email.
“Alternately, it could be that children believed that they were following their parents advice to stay out of bullying because they did not realize that watching, laughing or cheering a bully on during a bullying situation is actually reinforcing the bully and making bullying worse,” Grassetti added.
Kids in the study were around 11 years old on average.
During home visits in the study, pairs of caregivers and children were presented with five hypothetical bullying examples, and then parents were asked to explain to their children how they should respond if they witnessed the situation take place.
Based on the study results, it makes sense for school anti-bullying efforts to involve parents and endeavor to give children consistent messages about prevention in both settings, the authors conclude.
One limitation of the study is that during school visits, researchers didn't define what constitutes bullying the authors note. With home visits, researchers assumed parents gave kids the same advice about the hypothetical incidents that they would offer in real life, which might not always be the case, the researchers also point out.
“Parents can talk with their kids about what experiences they may face in each of these roles of bystander, target and perpetrator, and help the child understand how the role may feel,” said Dr. Megan Moreno of Seattle Children's Research Institute.
“Parents can ask their kids to consider possible actions if they are a bystander, or a target, or if they are provided with the opportunity to be a perpetrator,” Moreno, who wasn't involved in the study, said by email.
“This gives the child a way to think through their options ahead of time, and practice things to say or do with a parent when they are not in the heat of the moment of the actual situation at school,” she said.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2nIL4Lg Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology, online March 20, 2017.
Storage Software Market
End
-- Advancements in technology have changed the experience of doing the task in an easy way. In the recent years, numerous software for storing a large amount of data has become very much popular. To explore the global market size and growth, a new study titled "" has been added to the vast collection of Market Research Hub (MRH) research studies. This study represents the overall market scenario along with its future growth prospects for the forecast period of 2011 to 2021. With a detailed analysis of some key regions including North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, the report delivers major information like production, revenue, market share, gross margin, consumption and growth rate for the period of 2012 to 2017.Firstly, the report starts by defining the storage software market scope and market overview along with market segmentation. By the growing numbers of branch offices, servers and amounts of data, storage needs are continually increasing day by day. Also, organizations need to spend in software systems that will save and back up data. This is where storage software comes in. Currently, there are much new storage software tools which are available that aims to reduce the cost of disk-based storage to encourage adoption of the newer technology by all sizes of organization. Furthermore, the report segments the market on the basis of types and application. By product types, it has been categorized into:• Cloud• On-premIsesMoreover, on the basis of applications, it can be classified into six types such as Telecom and IT, Healthcare, BFSI, Manufacturing, Retail and Government. The report further states that, due to recent laws enforced by governments of different countries, companies are shifting towards digital preservation of records, especially in the healthcare sector. In the next section, the report majorly discusses the market competitiveness among the key market players. Storage solution vendors provide storage portfolio for both SMBs and enterprises to resolve issues, ranging from disk and backup systems up to data protection appliances. Some providers also offer hosted services that are more scalable and inexpensive for small and medium-sized businesses.Additionally, list of key players who are providing enhanced software storage solution to the organizations is mentioned in detail. It includes:• IBM• Oracle Corporation• NetApp• Hewlett-Packard• Dell• Huawei Technologies• Symantec• Hitachi• CA Technologies• EMCIn the end¸ the report concludes with the details like manufacturing cost analysis, industrial chain, marketing strategy and market effect factors analysis.(http://www.marketresearchhub.com/)is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH's expansive collection of Market Research Reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps.MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients.90 State StreetAlbany, NY 12207United StatesToll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada)Tel : +1-518-621-2074: press@marketresearchhub.com: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/: https://www.linkedin.com/company/market-research-hub
World President Jim Yong Kim participates in a discussion ''Investing in the Early Years: Identifying Synergies and Catalyzing Action'' at the World Bank headquarters in Washington, U.S., April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said on Thursday he is "encouraged" by the Trump administration's interest so far in the multilateral lender's mission and its plans to harness more private capital for development finance.
Kim told Reuters in an interview that Trump administration officials, including U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, have been asking questions about the bank's views on solving development problems.
"Speaking with President Trump directly, I told him about the need to make this shift, to work more effectively with the private sector, he was very enthusiastic about that," Kim said.
(Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)
Ocular inspection of the on-going road preparation to concrete the road in Barangay Tontunan. This road will give easy access to their tourism destination, the Tuntonan Highland of Clarin, Bohol.
March 31 Cheniere Energy Partners Lp
* Cheniere Energy Partners announces substantial completion of train 3 of Sabine Pass Liquefaction project in Cameron Parish, Louisiana achieved on March 28 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
"The large pool of ageing population prone to various chronic diseases driving the growth of live cell imaging industry", says RNCOS
Contact
RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.
G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
***@rncos.com RNCOS E-Services Pvt. Ltd.G-199, Sector 63, Noida – 201301
End
-- The field of live cell imaging is growing rapidly. Various equipment available in this category, such as Biostation IMQ and Biostation CT by Nikon Instruments, Essen Bioscience's IncuCyte, high resolution microscopes by Carl Zeiss and Perkin Elmer's cell analyzers, amongst others. The trend in the industry seems to be shifting from upright to inverted compound microscopes, which are better designed for live cell imaging; and all the major manufacturers are focusing on developing technologies which are essential for long term live cell imaging.According to a new research report by RNCOS entitled, "", the industry growth is fuelled by several factors including incorporation of high-content screening techniques in drug discovery, rising incidences of chronic diseases like cancer, growth in ageing population, increasing investments by private and public players for cell-based research, and availability of long term live cell imaging systems.Moreover, tremendous advances in electronics, optics, fluorescent tools, and molecular biology are making live cell imaging technologies more accessible to life scientists in order to understand the biological dynamics and visualize cellular events in organisms. The present industry trend seems to favour products that can be used for both fixed and live cell microscopy. Employing live cell imaging along with fixed cell tests will lower costs and shorten throughput times. Owing to these factors the market of live cell imaging is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9% during the forecasted period (2016-2022).Additionally, a number of key players such as Carl Zeiss AG (Germany), Nikon Instruments (Japan), Thermo Fisher Scientific (US), Leica Microsystems (Germany), PerkinElmer (US), Merck KGaA (US), etc. are competing against each other in order to expand their existing customer base in the market.For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/ Report/IM858.htm Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/ Healthcare_Industry.htm ABOUT RNCOSRNCOS is a leading industry research and consultancy firm incorporated in 2002. As a pioneer in syndicate market research, our vision is to be a global leader in the industry research space by providing research reports and actionable insights to companies across a range of industries such as Healthcare, IT and Telecom and Retail etc. We offer comprehensive industry research studies, bespoke research and consultancy services to Fortune 1000, Trade associations, and Government agencies worldwide.
April 28 Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co, the largest U.S. tire maker, reported a 9.8 percent fall in quarterly profit, as raw material costs rose and the company shipped fewer tires.
The company, which also makes tires for aircraft and NASCAR racing cars, said its tire volumes fell 4 percent in the first quarter ended March 31.
"While raw material inflation has moderated in recent weeks, we continue to expect a significant year-over-year headwind in 2017," Chief Executive Richard Kramer said in a statement on Friday.
Net income fell to $166 million, or 65 cents per share, in the first quarter, from $184 million, or 68 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose to $3.70 billion from $3.69 billion.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned 74 cents per share.
Up to Thursday's close, shares of the company had risen 14.8 percent this year.
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
TOKYO May 3 An American has been detained in Tokyo for allegedly assaulting a man on a plane bound for Los Angeles, police said on Wednesday, after the latest bout of plane rage went viral on social media.
All Nippon Airways Flight 6 was waiting to take off from Narita airport on Monday when the fight broke out, media said.
An airport police officer, who declined to be identified, said the suspect, an American in his 40s, was being held on suspicion of injuring an ANA employee.
The video of the altercation was attributed to Corey Hour, a Phoenix-based videographer sitting a few rows behind the suspect. It showed a man clad in a red-patterned shirt punching another man and then evading a female flight attendant who attempted to calm him.
"ANA staff and passengers handled the situation with grace and respect. They did the best they could to defuse the situation," Hour said in an unverified tweet on Monday.
ANA, operated by ANA Holdings Inc., could not be immediately reached for comment.
The incident came after last month's viral video of 69-year-old passenger David Dao being dragged from a United Airlines flight at Chicago after he refused to give up his seat to make room for crew members.
A separate passenger video on an American Airlines flight last month showed a woman on a plane in tears holding a child in her arms and another at her side after an encounter with a flight attendant over a baby stroller.
(Reporting by Lisa Twaronite; Editing by Nick Macfie)
CORRECTED-UPDATE 2-China to sell 1st dollar bonds since 2004, after Moody's downgrade
BEIJING/HONG KONG, June 13 China will sell its first U.S. dollar denominated sovereign bonds since 2004 in coming months along with yuan bonds, in its first overseas issuance of national debt since Moody's downgraded its sovereign credit rating in May.
Middlesbrough must believe that they can end their current slump to avoid a swift return to England's second tier, striker Rudy Gestede has said ahead of the side's Premier League showdown against Arsenal on Monday.
Middlesbrough, who are the league's lowest scorers with 22 goals, have not won a league game since mid-December and are languishing in 19th, six points adrift of safety with seven games remaining.
"We have to believe we can do it. You have to have this positivity to keep going... otherwise you won't win anything. I think we've all got that same message, the same attitude and mentality," Gestede told the club's website.
Gestede, who has made 10 appearances for Middlesbrough after joining from Championship side Aston Villa in January, is hopeful that a change of luck can propel Boro, who were promoted last season, towards survival.
Sixth-placed Arsenal have won just one of their last five league games and will be hurting after a 3-0 defeat to 16th-placed Crystal Palace earlier this week.
"They are a big team, and even if they lose one game they will have a response. Arsenal has quality in the squad and they are used to playing under pressure," Gestede added.
"We need to be focused and be ready to step up and show we can play in our way."
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
RIO DE JANEIRO, March 31 A decision by Brazil's government to set a new benchmark for loans by state development bank BNDES will help keep a lid on credit subsidies and drive down borrowing costs as a whole, the bank's president said on Friday.
The government is creating a new long-term rate that will replace the so-called TJLP rate to which BNDES loans are pegged. The new rate will entice capital markets activity and facilitate the pricing and securitization of BNDES loans, said Chief Executive Officer Maria Silvia Bastos Marques. (Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; Editing by Marguerita Choy)
A Matabele ant is seen carrying an injured mate back to the nest after a raid in this July 26, 2013 handout photo provided Apri. 12, 2017. Courtesy Erik Frank/Hanout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON Much like human soldiers in combat, members of a large, black, termite-eating ant species found in sub-Saharan Africa march in formation into battle and afterward retrieve wounded comrades and carry them back home to recover.
Scientists on Wednesday described the unique rescue behavior of the African Matabele ants, called Megaponera analis, after observing them in the Ivory Coast's Comoé National Park, but did not ascribe charitable motives to the insects.
"This is not an altruistic behavior," said entomologist Erik Frank of the University of Würzburg in Germany, who led the research published in the journal Science Advances.
"The ants do not help the injured out of the goodness of their hearts. There is a clear benefit for the colony: these injured ants are able to participate again in future raids and remain a functioning member of the colony."
The ants, which get up to almost three-quarters of an inch (2 cm) long, specialize in hunting termites and use a distinctive raiding strategy.
Scouts leave the nest in search of termite-foraging sites, then recruit up to 500 nest mates and lead them to the termites in a column formation. Ants injured while fighting with termites, sometimes losing limbs or becoming disabled when termites cling to them, excrete pheromone chemicals from their bodies to signal comrades for help.
Uninjured ants then hoist up the wounded and carry them, as well as the dead termites, back to the nest in the same column formation, sometimes as far as about 165 feet (50 meters). Once back at the nest, other ants remove termites that may be grasping the injured ants. Ants that lost one or two of their six legs are able to adapt their locomotion, often regaining running speeds similar to a healthy ant within 24 hours.
Nearly all the rescued ants participated in subsequent raids, sometimes less than an hour after being injured.
Frank said he was surprised to find this behavior in an invertebrate species.
"It first sounded illogical to me why they should evolve this type of helping behavior," Frank said. "After a closer look, we realized that the good of the individual, saving the injured, can also be for the good of the colony, and that individuals can be very valuable in ants."
In addition to primates such as apes and monkeys, rescue behavior has been seen in certain other mammals including elephants, rats and dolphins, Frank said.
(Reporting by Will Dunham; Editing by Sandra Maler)
April 10 One Group Hospitality Inc
* One Group Hospitality Inc Appoints Emanuel “Manny” Hilario to the board of directors
* One Group Hospitality Inc - For Q1 2017, comparable same store sales from owned , managed units increased about 3% adjusting for extra day last year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
SE Asia Stocks-Philippines climbs on gains in property stocks; Singapore falls
By Nicole Pinto June 15 Philippine shares rose on Thursday, driven by gains in real estate stocks, while Singapore was headed for a third session of fall in four, dragged down by financials. Other Southeast Asian stock markets traded in a narrow range as soft U.S. economic data and a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve hurt investor sentiment. The Fed raised interest rates as expected on Wednesday and gave a first clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2-trillion
* STOXX 600 up 0.5 pct to nearly 16-month high
* Germany's DAX 1.1 pct away from all-time high
* Commodity stocks, industrials provide support
* H&M drops after results (Writes through, adds closing prices)
By Danilo Masoni and Andrea Lentz
MILAN/FRANKFURT, March 30 European shares climbed on Thursday, helped by gains among industrials and commodity stocks, while German blue chips came within striking distance of their all-time highs.
The pan-European STOXX 600 rose 0.5 percent to 380.4 points, its highest level in nearly 16 months, while Germany's DAX added 0.4 percent to 12,256 points, just 1.1 percent below a record high hit almost two years ago.
Traders said investors were growing confident about prospects for the region's stocks as the economy improves, offsetting political jitters ahead of elections in France and Germany and Britain's divorce from the European Union.
"Chances of a new all-time high is attracting investors and luring them into buying more shares," said QC Partners wealth manager Thomas Altmann, referring to the steady gains seen in the German blue chip index.
"Risks are completely ignored. At the same time, Brexit negotiations can lead to unpleasant surprises at any time," he cautioned.
European shares have risen more than 18 percent since the lows hit in June last year in a rally that has been supported by improving economic data, brighter earnings and expectations of a big fiscal stimulus in the United States.
"Several factors have combined to convince us that it would be wise to reinvest in European equities and to do so immediately," Geoffroy Goenen, Head of Fundamental Europe Equity Management at Candriam, said in a note.
Goenen said that once the French elections are over he expects global investors to reinvest massively in the region.
Europe's basic resources index was the biggest gainer on Thursday, up 1.6 percent, supported by higher metal prices and gains among heavyweight miners Glencore, Rio Tinto and Anglo American, which rose between 1 percent and 2.3 percent.
The oil and gas index also rallied, up 1.2 percent, after crude oil prices jumped after Kuwait gave its backing for an extension of OPEC production cuts in an attempt to reduce global oversupply. The index has been the worst performer in Europe so far but some investors believe the sell-off is overdone.
UK oil explorer firm Tullow Oil was the biggest gainer in its sector and on the broader STOXX index, ending up 7.7 percent.
Gains among industrial stocks also provided support with Germany's Siemens up 1.5 percent, France's Saint Gobain and Schneider Electric up 2.1 and 1.1 percent respectively.
Among the fallers was H&M, which fell more than 4 percent, close to 4-years lows, following a strong open.
The retailer posted a smaller-than-expected fall in pretax profit for the first quarter but analysts voiced concerns over its rising inventory levels, as well as a revolving credit facility. (Additional reporting by Kit Rees and by Anika Ross; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronaldo will serve a five-game suspension after pushing the referee following his dismissal during Sunday's Supercopa de Espana first leg against Barcelona.
Ronaldo, having already been cautioned for taking his shirt off after scoring in the 3-1 win at the Nou Camp, was shown a second yellow card in the 82nd minute for diving after going down under pressure from Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti.
The Portugal international responded to his dismissal by shoving referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back before making his way off the pitch.
The Spanish football federation (RFEF) has now handed the 32-year-old a five- ban — one for the double booking and another four for pushing the official.
Ronaldo was found guilty of ‘Violation of article 96 of the Disciplinary Code', which relates to using “mild force” against the officials, including grabbing, pushing or shaking.
The offence carries a ban of up to 12 matches, with Ronaldo being handed the minimum punishment of four games.
Ronaldo has also been fined €3,805 for the two sanctions, with Real fined €1,750.
Real and Ronaldo have 10 business days to appeal against the ruling, the RFEF added.
Ronaldo will now miss the second leg of the Supercopa against Barça at the Bernabeu on Wednesday night, as well as Real's opening four LaLiga matches.
The reigning Spanish and European champions begin their title defence at Deportivo La Coruna on Sunday, before then taking on Valencia, Levante and Real Sociedad.
Former Manchester United forward Ronaldo — who has been linked with a move away from Real this summer after revealing his frustration over an investigation into his tax returns in Spain — started Sunday's Supercopa on the bench but was heavily involved following his introduction around the hour mark.
He restored Real's lead with a brilliant 20-yard shot into the far top corner in the 80th minute — three minutes after Lionel Messi had levelled from the penalty spot to cancel out Gerard Pique's own goal — and was promptly booked for celebrating by taking off his shirt.
Soon after he went to ground under a challenge by Umtiti as the pair raced into the Barcelona box. Ronaldo appealed for a penalty but instead was shown a second yellow card for diving.
An incredulous Ronaldo then pushed De Burgos Bengoetxea in the back with his right hand as the referee walked away, an incident the official described in his report as “Once the red card was shown, said player pushed me slightly in a sign of disagreement”.
Following Ronaldo's dismissal, Real added a third goal late on through Marco Asensio to seal a 3-1 first-leg win over the Copa del Rey winners in the Spanish season's traditional curtain-raiser.
CLS Wins Company of the Year Award
Contact
Creative Lodging Solutions
***@yourcls.com Creative Lodging Solutions
End
-- Creative Lodging Solutions, a leading corporate travel management company, was announced the Company of the Year Gold StevieWinner for the Hospitality and Leisure industry in the 2017 International Business Awards.Creative Lodging Solutions' leadership team was also recognized for their achievements. VP of Finance Della Deerfield won a Gold Stevie for Executive of the Year and Chief Culture and Development Officer Carolyn Hundley was named a Woman of the Year Silver Stevie Winner."It's an honor for Creative Lodging Solutions to be recognized by the international business community for providing unparalleled lodging management for business travelers," said CEO Michael Tetterton. "Della's work over the past year has significantly improved client services while Carolyn has further developed our company culture and mentored several leaders within our organization."The International Business Awards are the world's premier business awards program. The 2017 IBAs received entries from more than 60 nations and territories in virtually every industry. The Stevie Awards honor organizations that demonstrate a high level of achievement. This year's winners will be recognized at a gala awards banquet in Barcelona, Spain on October 21.Creative Lodging Solutions provides customized lodging programs for the business travel community. They've also been recognized as a Company of the Year Silver Winner at the 2017 American Business Awards, the Employer of the Year Gold Winner at the 2016 Stevie Awards for Great Employers, and named to the Inc. 5000 List of fastest-growing private companies in America for the seventh year.Creative Lodging Solutions (CLS™) is an award-winning corporate lodging services provider that is passionate about great travel management service and the difference it can make to its business travelers, hotel partners, and community. Launched in 2002, CLS aims to disrupt the business travel industry by combining the values of flexible hotel and corporate apartment solutions with reliable travel expense and billing management. CLS reserved over 13 million traveler nights by offering volume discounts and easy hotel management to companies with over $250,000 in annual hotel travel. For more information, visit www.yourcls.com
A sign is seen outside a branch of Lloyds Bank in central London February 3, 2014. REUTERS/Luke MacGregor
LONDON Lloyds Banking Group (LLOY.L) plans to close a further 100 branches resulting in the loss of over 325 jobs, the bank said on Wednesday, as part of a strategy to reduce costs.
Britain's biggest mortgage lender said the branch cuts were part of 200 closures announced last July, and the move was in response to changing customer behaviour towards making more online transactions.
The Lloyds group has more than 2,000 branches across the United Kingdom, and approximately 75,000 employees, according to its website.
The trade union Unite condemned the closures, which it said would affect 54 Lloyds branches, 22 Halifax branches and 24 Bank of Scotland branches.
"The continuous stream of branch closures announced by the UK's retail bank branches appears to show no signs of ending," said Rob MacGregor, Unite national officer.
Lloyds earlier this week announced it would reduce some branches to just two staff members with tablet computers, in response to fewer customers visiting high street sites and increasingly banking online.
The new smaller branches will not have counters, with customers paying in cash and cheques through self-service machines and talking to mortgage advisers through video links.
This comes as Lloyds is poised to pass a significant milestone in its recovery from the financial crisis after the government sold more shares in the lender this week and the bank expected to return to private hands next month.
A report by lawmakers last month warned Britain's poor and vulnerable people were the hardest hit by bank branch closures, echoing a report by Reuters last June that showed banks were disproportionately closing branches in the lowest-income areas while expanding in wealthier ones.
(Reporting by Andrew MacAskill and Lawrence White; Editing by Mark Potter)
Cleveland Police(CLEVELAND) — “He's dead … He's lying there. Lord have mercy. Oh, my God,” a distraught-sounding Cleveland woman said to a 911 operator after she heard a gunshot and saw a man dead outside.
The woman dialed 911 Sunday afternoon in Cleveland after murder suspect Steve Stephens allegedly gunned down 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. and later posted a video of the killing on Facebook, according to police.
In another 911 call that day, a man reported: “Someone in front of my house has been shot … He's unconscious, he's dead.”
A manhunt for Stephens, who is considered armed and dangerous, is now nationwide. The Cleveland man has been on the run since Sunday and there have been no credible sightings of him, authorities said.
Stephens claimed to have committed multiple homicides, according to police, but no additional victims have been found.
Facebook released the following timeline of events connected to the suspect, according to its records:
11:09 a.m. PDT — First video, of intent to murder, uploaded. Not reported to Facebook.
11:11 a.m. PDT — Second video, of shooting, uploaded.
11:22 a.m. PDT — Suspect confesses to murder while using Live, is live for 5 minutes.
11:27 a.m. PDT — Live ends, and Live video is first reported shortly after.
12:59 p.m. PDT — Video of shooting is first reported.
1:22 p.m. PDT — Suspect's account disabled; all videos no longer visible to public.
A Facebook executive on Monday said the company is reviewing some of its practices in light of the incident.
“It was a horrific crime — one that has no place on Facebook, and goes against our policies and everything we stand for,” Facebook VP of Global Operations Justin Osofsky said Monday. “As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible.”
Godwin's daughter, Tonya Godwin Baines, told ABC News the video “forever will be in my mind because I saw the fear in my father's eyes.”
Baines said it “feels like our heart is just ripped out of our chest. For somebody to brutally murder my father like that is unbelievable.”
Baines said her father was the epitome of a family man who “would give you the shirt off his back.”
“He taught us about God, he taught us love, forgiveness. Just to know that I will never ever hear my father's voice again is devastating,” Baines said.
“We can never replace him,” she added, crying. “A part of us died with him.”
Her sister, Debbie Godwin, told ABC News, “I truly can say I don't even feel any animosity against the guy that killed my father.
“I'm glad that my parents taught us to love people and to forgive even when they do us wrong,” she said. “My dad would be the kind of person that would say, ‘You gotta forgive.'”
“I want him to get help,” Debbie Godwin said of the suspected gunman.
Angela Smalls, who said Robert Godwin is the father of two of her children, is pleading for Stephens to turn himself in.
“He took my kids' father from them and you're still breathing out here? My babies are hurting,” a tearful small said, according to ABC affiliate WEWS in Cleveland. “Let them get some peace. Just turn yourself in, please.”
Stephens visited the Sherwin Shooting Sports shooting range in Eastlake, Ohio last summer, a representative of the business told ABC News. Stephens had a concealed carry permit, police said, according to WEWS.
Police said Monday that authorities don't have any reason to believe Stephens is not still driving a white Ford Fusion with temporary tag E363630.
UPDATE Homicide suspect Steve Stephens' actual vehicle has Ohio Temp tag E363630 pic.twitter.com/tE3r5u4BNN — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
A reward of up to $50,000 is being offered for information leading to his arrest.
Chief Williams: We will follow up on EVERY tip. Please call 1-800-Call FBI with tips.
If you see Steve Stephens, dial 9-1-1. — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 17, 2017
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Britain's Heathrow Airport says baggage handling disrupted at two terminals
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said some passengers might have to travel without their bags on Thursday after an issue with its baggage system affected Terminals 3 and 5.
May 2 Cummins Inc
* Says demand for construction equipment doubled from a year ago in China in response to stronger infrastructure investment
* Says expects industry production for heavy-duty trucks in North America to be 195,000 units in 2017, up from its prior forecast of 178,000 units, but still down 3 percent from last year
* Says projecting 10-15 percent growth in off-highway markets in china in 2017, compared to previous guidance of up 5 percent, primarily due to higher demand for construction equipment
* Says its filtration business is not for sale
* Says could acquire some subsystems technologies, such as, battery control and power electronics, as electrified powertrain evolves
* Cummins says already has pilot products running with fully electrified powertrains designed and built by co Further company coverage:
Rafael Nadal cuddled a koala on the banks of the river, something that has become a customary photo opportunity for celebrity players on debut at the Brisbane International.
The 14-time major winner has altered his preparation for the Australian Open, hoping a change of venues for the warmup tournaments will bring a change of luck at the season's first Grand Slam tournament after a shocking first-round exit in 2016.
Nadal kicked off his season with a win in an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on New Year's Eve, then headed directly to Australia to fine-tune at the Brisbane International in preference to remaining in the Gulf for the event in Doha.
"I played well in Abu Dhabi ... I played three good matches, and that's important for me," Nadal said on Monday after the brief meet-and-greet with a local politician and a native marsupial.
"I really hope the good matches I played in Abu Dhabi helps me for here."
The 30-year-old Spaniard is playing in Brisbane for the first time, replacing Roger Federer as the tournament's male draw card.
He has a tricky opener against Alexandr Dolgopolov and, if he gets through that, a potential quarterfinal against top-seeded Milos Raonic, the defending champion.
Nadal is coming off a left wrist injury that curtailed his 2016 season, and thinks the extra time in Australia will help him prepare to win his first major title since the 2014 French Open.
Until last year, he had reached the quarterfinals or better at every Australian Open he had contested since 2007, including victory in '09 and runs to the final in 2012 and '14.
The wrist injury last year forced Nadal to withdraw from the French Open before the third round and skip Wimbledon. He won the Olympic doubles gold medal for Spain in Rio de Janeiro, but he struggled with the pain and didn't win a title on a surface other than clay in 2016.
"Last year that I was playing great, I get injured in the worst moment possible," he said.
"I'm happy to be back on the competition again. Abu Dhabi was a good start. I need to continue that way."
Despite his struggles with injury and the recent dominance of Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic, Nadal thinks he can still contend for the Grand Slam titles.
"Being here in Brisbane is good news for me," he said, two weeks before the Australian Open starts. "I don't know if that's going to help me or not — I can tell you after Melbourne, I cannot predict the future.
RANCHO MIRAGE, California While the ANA Inspiring Women in Sports Conference was underway this week, a plane flew over Mission Hills towing a banner reading: "USGA & LPGA: DUMP TRUMP".
The banner, sponsored by women's advocacy group UltraViolet, referred to July's U.S. Women's Open championship scheduled to be played at the U.S. president's Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey.
Many people have called for the championship to be moved in light of Donald Trump's controversial remarks about women during his presidential campaign.
But the game is still on for Bedminster and LPGA Commissioner Mike Whan said most of the tour's players prefer not to mix politics with sport.
"It's obviously gotten the attention of a lot of people and I think I probably get about 50 calls a day from both sides of the coin," LPGA chief Whan told Reuters ahead of the ANA Inspiration tournament, where players during a practice round on Tuesday could hardly avoid seeing the anti-Trump banner flying overheard.
"The one comment I've gotten consistently from players is ‘don't let politics get in the way of our opportunities,'" Whan said.
"Whether they like Trump, dislike Trump, who they voted for, who they didn't vote for, what they realise is making it to a U.S. Women's Open is the ultimate, ultimate privilege and reward."
The Women's Open is run by the U.S. Golf Association, not the LPGA, though most of the competitors will be LPGA members.
UltraViolet said more than 100,000 people have signed a petition calling on the U.S. Golf Association and LPGA Tour to move the event, which it says would provide Trump millions of dollars in revenue, free advertising and branding.
Lizette Salas, the daughter of Mexican immigrants, many of whom have been stung by Trump comments about those who have crossed the U.S. border illegally, said she looked forward to competing.
"I've gotten requests to boycott it and to not play in it because of what he has said," Salas told Reuters. "For me, it's a golf tournament, regardless of who's name it is, or who is hosting it.
"It's our national championship and I wouldn't miss it. It's a golf tournament, not a political debate. I'm just going to go out there and do my thing and hopefully win it. That is my dream and I know it is a dream for others."
The PGA Tour moved a big event, the WGC-Cadillac Championship, from Trump National Doral in Florida to Mexico City, this year, though the tour claimed the switch was not motivated by political considerations.
There has been some opposition to Trump from LPGA players, with England's Jodi Ewart Shadoff against the site of the Women's Open.
“On principle, I feel it's just not right,” Ewart Shadoff said before Trump was sworn in.
LPGA Commissioner Whan said politics should take a back seat.
"I certainly will not let either my political views or anyone else's get in the way of the best opportunity for women in this game," he said.
(Editing by Andrew Both)
April 12 Hungary's OTP Bank CEO Sandor Csanyi tells annual shareholder meeting
* Expects ROE to stay "very good" and relatively high among peers in the future
* Return on equity was Europe's third-highest behind two Swedish banks when share price was at 9,400 forints, near 10-year high, earlier this year
* Expects to receive regulatory approval for acquisition of Croatia's Splitska Banka from Société Générale today or tomorrow
* Expects to close Splitska deal shortly, probably by end of month
* 2016 capital adequacy was far higher than 12.5 percent goal because of unsuccessful acquisition attempts, higher than expected profit Further company coverage: (Reporting by Marton Dunai)
MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
March 29 Li Zhicheng, chief risk officer of Agricultural Bank Of China Ltd, said in a press conference in Beijing on Wednesday:
* Agricultural Bank Of China's Liaoning branch has 110 million yuan ($15.97 million) outstanding loans to China Huishan Dairy Holdings Co Ltd
* Agricultural Bank Of China International has HKD150 million ($19.31 million) in outstanding loans to Huishan Dairy Further company coverage:
($1 = 6.8900 Chinese yuan)
($1 = 7.7687 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring desk)
National Day of Prayer is May 3
The annual National day of Prayer service will be held May 3, 7 p.m. – 8 p.m. at the Clarendon County Courthouse in Manning. Do you know that in Great Britain and Europe generally, and in Australia, that the percentage of truly born-again, evangelical Christians is 5% or less? Our nation is not far behind these, as surveys are showing that the United States is becoming less and less Christian every day. While this trend is likely to continue, we must not let this happen to the body of Christ where we live without a fight! Therefore, will you come and “Fight the good fight, keeping faith and a good conscience…” (I Timothy 1:18-19)? Looking forward to praying with you!
Because of Jesus,
The Christian Pastors of our Community
April 5 Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd:
* Galmed Pharmaceuticals to present at international liver congress data that shows aramchol™ has a potential direct effect on liver fibrosis
* Data suggest a dual effect of aramchol on fibrosis and an improvement of fatty acid oxidation
* Data also suggest a direct impact on collagen producing cells which results in reversing fibrosis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
We've all been there: you're playing a game of basketball or having a tough workout and the sweat is just dripping down your face and into your eyes. It's a major annoyance and distraction. But there are ways around it. In particular, a head sweatband. And don't worry, they won't break the bank. At least the inexpensive headbands listed below won't.
Headbands are a simple concept: just slip it on and let it soak up the sweat so you can concentrate on the task at hand. There are the traditional soft cotton ones, as well as newer models which incorporate the latest technology like moisture-wicking and lightweight stretch performance fabric. Both kinds are represented in the post.
We've compiled a list below of some of the highest rated sports men's headbands to help you make your choice. So keep reading to see the most popular (and cheap) sweatbands available in 2017.
Note: the following list is in no particular order
1. Nike Swoosh Headband
We'll start off with one of the most iconic and recognizable logos the sports world has ever seen — the Nike Swoosh Headband. Made of a very soft combination of 69 percent cotton, 26 percent nylon, and 5 percent rubber, the sports headband doesn't feature Nike's patented Dri-Fit Technology, but it certainly serves the purpose to keep the always-annoying sweat dripping into your eyes. The Nike Swoosh Headband is a simple, yet classic and stylish look and is available in 10 different color patterns. It measures 2 inches wide, it's one size fits most, and it's machine washable.
Price: From $7.24 (19 percent off MSRP); price varies depending on color and availability
2. Under Armour Men's Performance Headband
It's not easy to find an Under Armour product for under $10, but here's one — the Men's Performance Headband. The key word there is “performance.” This headband features UA's innovative HeatGear Technology, which is a moisture transport system that wicks sweat away from the body to keep you cool and dry. And you know how important that is on the court. When you're comfortable, you play better. Featuring an embroidered UA logo, it is made of 96 percent polyester and 4 percent rubber and constructed in multi-channel performance fibers. It's available in 4 different colors — Graphite/Black, Red/White, Royal/White, and White/Black.
Price: $5.99
3. Halo II Headband Sweatband Pullover
The Halo II is highly-rated and Halo Headbands most popular sports swaatband. It is highlighted by Halo's patented SweatBlock Technology and Dryline Fabric. These moisture-wicking features pull sweat away from your eyes and face and into the band, which is quick-drying. The elastic pullover design is easy to get on and off, while providing maximum comfort. The band is also durable as it won't lose shape or stretch out. It's one size fits most (unisex) and can fit underneath a helmet if you're going to use it for cycling. The Halo II is available in nearly 30 eye-popping colors and patterns.
Price: $14.95
4. Suddora Headbands Athletic Cotton Terry Cloth Head Sweatband
If you're looking for a simple, yet effective head sweatband, check out this one from Suddora Headbands. Priced at just $5.99, the sweatband is extra soft Terry Cloth construction, made of 80 percent cotton, 12 percent spandex, and 8 percent nylon. The headband is available in 20 different colors, including bright neon styles. Suddora Headbands won't stretch or lose shape, and they're machine washable. Measuring 2 1/2 inches wide and 7 inches around, it's one size fits most.
Price: $5.99
5. Mallofusa 10 Piece Sports Basketball Headband
With Mallofusa's 10 Piece Sports Basketball Headband set, you can outfit an entire team or keep them all for your own supply. These extra soft headbands are made of 95 percent cotton and 5 percent spandex. They measure 2 inches wide and 7 inches around, but stretches to fit most sized head. Comfortable and durable, the bands effectively absorb sweat so you can concentrate on your game or workout. They are machine washable and can be used in all sports, or even as an accessory to your outfit.
Price: $10.99
6. Self Pro Performance Stretch & Moisture Wicking Men's Headband
This high performance headband from Self Pro has a few useful features, making it one of the more popular sports sweatbands on the market. First of all, it's inexpensive. You have the option to get 1 for $7.95 or a 2-pack for $9.99. But the actual band itself is highlighted by moisture-wicking technology and is made of a performance stretch fabric. Those will you keep you cool, dry, and comfortable all game long. The style is a little bit different than the traditional headband — Self Pro's is a bit wider than the usual 2 inches — but it's extremely lightweight and can sometimes feel like you're not wearing a sweatband at all.
Price: One for $7.95 or 2-pack for $9.99
7. Nextour Sweatbands & Headbands
Nextour's sweatbands are available in bundles — 3 or 6 pieces — at bargain prices. They're made of non-slip, odor-resistant organic materials (85 percent cotton, 12 percent spandex, and 3 percent nylon, to be exact) so you know they'll be super comfortable and flexible. They also feature moisture-wicking fabric, so you'll stay cool and dry even when the temperatures are rising. You also have the choice of getting a bundle with wristbands; just click on the link below to see your options. All of Nextour's unisex bands are one size fits most.
Price: From $8.99; prices vary depending on whether you want 3 pieces or 6 pieces, color, and availability
8. Tough Headwear Men's Headband
Tough Headwear's headbands are made of a sweat-wicking, breathable material so you'll stay cool and your sweatband will dry very quickly after use. Constructed of 95 percent polyester and 5 percent spandex, you'll enjoy amazing lightweight comfort and performance. Available in 7 different colors (Army Green is pictured above), it's recommended you handwash the band and hang dry. Tough Headwear says their headbands are extremely durable, and will keep their color, form, and elasticity for years. Use the headband for a variety of sports and it's also helmet-friendly.
Price: From $6.75 (55 percent off MSRP)
9. Nike Dri-Fit Head Tie 2.0
Nike's second entry on this list is a bit of a different look, but gets the job done. As opposed to the elastic stretch headbands listed above, this one is a head tie. Simply tie it in the back as you would a shoe or bandana. The Head Tie 2.0 features Nike's innovative Dri-Fit technology, which acts as a moisture transport, wicking sweat away to keep you cool. Featuring an oversized Nike Swoosh logo on the front, it's available in 9 different colors. If you're looking for a different style of sweatband, check out the Nike Dri-Fit Head Tie 2.0. It can also fit under helmets if you're a cyclist.
Price: From $12.64
10. Adidas Interval Reversible Headband
Adidas is a household name when it comes to sports apparel and their Interval Reversible Headband is a great value for what it offers. First of all, it's reversible. As you can see in the picture above one side of the headband is Hi-Res Red. Flip it over for the Black base color (Note: you don't get 2 headbands, just the one). Made of an extremely soft Terry Cloth cotton (actual blend is 75 percent cotton, 20 percent polyester, and 5 percent rubber), comfort will not be an issue. And that cotton is extra absorbent, so you can play all day without worrying about the sweat running down your face and into your eyes. The Adidas Interval Reversible Headband measures 2 inches wide by 7 inches around, so it's one size fits most. It is available in over 20 different color combinations.
Price: $7.00
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
April 13 Banro Corp-
* Banro announces Q1 2017 production results
* Banro Corp- recoveries at twangiza during q1 of 2017 continued to be impacted by blend of ore types based on available run-of-mine ore
* Banro Corp - Banro produced 46,215 ounces of gold during q1 2017, twangiza contributing 23,115 ounces of gold,namoya with 23,100 ounces of gold
* Banro Corp - qtrly total ore mined for twangiza mine 603,460 tonnes, up 31 percent, qtrly total ore mined for namoya mine 487,629 tonnes, up 29 percent Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 13 BP Plc:
* BP starts up Trinidad onshore compression project
* Full start-up will take place over next few months.
* When fully on stream, onshore compression facility will have potential to deliver approximately 200 million standard cubic feet of gas per day.
* Atlantic LNG Company Of Trinidad and Tobago will serve as operator. Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Corey Feldman has shared excerpts of a long-lost 1993 audio recording, in which he revealed the name of the man who allegedly sexually abused him as a child.
The audio, reportedly made during an interview with the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office, was played on yet another appearance Feldman made on The Dr Oz Show on Monday.
In it, Feldman names actor Jon Grissom as his sexual molester. Feldman was 15 years old at the time, and he says the abuse continued for more than 18 months.
Feldman also revealed that while he thought police were investigating Grissom at the time, he later realised they were investigating his pop-star friend, Michael Jackson.
Advertisement
Grissom was arrested in 2001 for sexual abuse against a minor and Feldman claimed that if police had acted after that interview, it could've stopped others from being harmed.
"They weren't interested in Jon Grissom," Feldman told host Dr Mehmet Oz.
"They were trying to frame Michael Jackson and burying the Corey Feldman story. I've spent my entire life fighting this battle. No one was listening then. No one is listening now. [The] LAPD is still not investigating it.
"Vindication will come when my best friend's (Corey Haim) perpetrators are behind bars, my perpetrators are behind bars."
This isn't the first time Feldman has named Grissom; he also accused him on the same talk show in November but this is the first time the audio has been played publicly.
According to Fox News, the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's office had formerly claimed the tapes did not exist until last week, when they sent an email explaining they had recently found the recordings and turned them over to the Los Angeles Police Department.
Feldman told Dr Oz he found his copy of the same recordings in the back of his car the day before that.
LONDON, Aug. 12 (Reuters) - Two managers new to the Premier League left Selhurst Park in very different moods after promoted Huddersfield Town shocked Crystal Palace with a 3-0 away win.
Town's German manager David Wagner was less surprised than those observers who have tipped his team to go straight back down to the Championship.
"The performance was good today and the result excellent," he said.
"We should not look too far ahead but focus on what we have seen today, and that made me very happy even if we know the result was a bit high.
"We were lucky Palace missed some of their opportunites -- and you need luck, too.
"We won't change. We must stick to our identity and idea, show togetherness and fighting and working attitude. We will not change that because we are in the Premier League."
Having strengthened his squad with a dozen new players in the close-season, Wagner saw the most expensive of them, Benin international Steve Mounie, score twice.
"Mounie is a good striker who likes to work in defence, too. He's a proper terrier, even if he is tall," the coach added.
Palace's Frank de Boer, formerly in charge of Ajax and Inter Milan, was hugely disappointed with his first Premier League game.
"This was a very poor start for everyone (at Palace)," he said.
"It's difficult to start off like this. No one expected it, of course, so it was a very hard lesson.
"When we did what we were supposed to do we created our chances. We had lots of chances to go 2-1, then I was confident we could get a point out of it.
DESERVED WIN
"If you get a quick goal the crowd gets behind you.
"(Huddersfield) played as we expected, exactly what they showed last season, so it was no surprise.
"Three-nil means they deserved to win: compliments to Huddersfield."
If Palace's performance left De Boer with plenty to think about ahead of a difficult trip to Liverpool next weekend, Wagner is already looking forward to his team's next assignment.
"I can't wait to play the first Premier League game in our history at home against Newcastle," he said. (Writing by Steve Tongue, additional reporting by Rex Gowar,; Editing by Neville Dalton)
COPENHAGEN, March 28 Copenhagen Airport aims to double its cargo capacity to 1,000,000 tonnes annually by creating a 170,000 square metres business park by the airport, it said on Tuesday.
* The company will continue its "excellent discussions" with the authorities in order to make the park a reality, it said in a statement. It did not specify a time horizon for the project
* "Denmark should aim to be the Northern European centre for cargo and e-commerce, and a hub for the pharmaceutical and biotech industries in Northern Europe," chief commercial officer Peter Krogsgaard said in a statement
* Measured by value, 32 percent of Danish exports currently leave the country by air, including in particular high-value goods such as mink fur, pharmaceutical products and spare parts for machinery and engines, the company said
* With the park, Denmark could also join the battle to be the Northern European hub for major global e-commerce companies such as Amazon and Alibaba, Copenhagen Airport said
* The airport aims to attract 2 billion Danish crowns ($291.8 million) in investments to be used for the project, according to Danish newspaper Berlingske
* The airport said in December it would invest 20 billion crowns in expanding its capacity to 40 million passengers per year from 26.6 million passengers in 2015 ($1 = 6.8536 Danish crowns) (Reporting by Teis Jensen, editing by Terje Solsvik)
A pump jack is seen at sunrise near Bakersfield, California October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
NEW YORK Oil prices fell on Monday as a rebound in Libyan oil output weighed against upbeat economic data from Asia that pointed to strong energy demand from the region.
Benchmark Brent LCOM7 futures for June delivery lost 41 cents, or 0.8 percent, to settle at $53.12 a barrel. That, however, was up 29 cents from Friday's close when May was still the front-month LCOc1, making it the highest close for the contract in nearly four weeks.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude CLc1, meanwhile, declined 36 cents, or 0.7 percent to settle at $50.24 per barrel.
Traders noted both U.S. and Brent futures retreated in intraday trade after failing to rise much above their 100-day moving averages, a technical resistance level.
Libya's Sharara oil field, the country's largest, resumed production on Sunday after a week-long disruption. State-owned NOC lifted force majeure on loadings of Sharara crude on Monday, sources told Reuters.
The field was producing around 120,000 barrels per day (bpd) on Monday and about 220,000 bpd prior to the March 27 shutdown.
"The main development over the weekend is the restart of Sharara," managing director of PetroMatrix Olivier Jakob said.
Uncertainty about Libyan output added volatility to oil prices, he said, calling it "a swing factor that can make it move both ways if one looks at the balances for the second half of the year."
Also pressuring oil prices, energy services firm Baker Hughes said the U.S. rig count rose last week, making the first quarter the strongest for rig additions since mid-2011. [RIG/U]
Still, data from Asia suggested solid energy demand going forward.
Manufacturing data showed factories across much of Asia posted another month of solid growth in March. Purchasing managers' index (PMI) data from China showed its factories expanded for a ninth straight month.
"The global economy remains on track for continuing growth in 2017, a support for the demand side of the petroleum market," Tim Evans, Citi Futures' energy futures specialist, said in a note.
Last week, oil prices rallied for three days on reduced Libyan output and expectations that the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC producers would extend production cuts beyond June.
But in a sign of investor caution, hedge funds and money managers have been cutting net long positions, data released by the Intercontinental Exchange and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission showed. [O/ICE]
"Excess speculative froth has been taken off the market in allowing fresh buying interest to be more impactful," said Jim Ritterbusch, president of Chicago-based energy advisory firm Ritterbusch & Associates.
(Additional reporting by Ahmad Ghaddar in London and Keith Wallis in Singapore; Editing by David Gregorio and Chizu Nomiyama)
March 31 TOPDANMARK
* BUY-BACK PROGRAMME FOR 2016 OF DKK 1,650 MILLION IS NOW COMPLETED
* IN PERIOD 12 FEBRUARY 2016 TO 21 FEBRUARY 2017, SHARES AT A VALUE OF DKK 1,451M WERE BOUGHT BACK OF TOTAL SHARE BUY-BACK PROGRAMME OF DKK 1,650M
* TOPDANMARK'S HOLDING OF OWN SHARES IS 9,782,000 SHARES, CORRESPONDING TO 10.30% OF SHARE CAPITAL Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Russian journalist who was reportedly gunned down in Ukraine's capital strolled into a news conference that authorities called overnight to discuss the investigation of his death, revealing that the slaying had been staged to foil an alleged Kremlin hit plot.
"I'm still alive," Arkady Babchenko, 41, told startled fellow reporters at the news conference held less than a day after police reported he had been shot and killed at his Kiev apartment building.
Ukrainian police said yesterday that Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back, found bleeding there by his wife and died on the way to the hospital. Kiev's police chief said he suspected the journalist was killed because of his work.
Details of the sting operation were not clear, including why authorities decided to go to such lengths to make it look as if Babchenko was dead. The head of the Ukrainian Security Service said the suspected organiser of the alleged hit plot was detained overnight NZT, suggesting the bogus killing was aimed at flushing him out.
Babchenko apologised to his wife, who he said was not briefed on the scheme in advance, "for the hell she had to go through in the past two days. There was no choice there, either."
The astonishing turn of events brought harsh criticism from Russia and the international media advocacy group Reporters Without Borders.
The journalist group's director, Christophe Deloire, expressed on Twitter his "deepest indignation at the discovery of the manipulation of the Ukrainian secret services. It is always deeply dangerous for states to play with the facts."
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and his daughter in England. Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same - to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made his wife believe he was dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying. He then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologised to the friends and family who mourned for him and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," he said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organise and carry out the hit. The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organise Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, he said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services. The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, he said.
Babchenko said he was not allowed to go into the details of his false death. He said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on his head for two months. He said he was approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," he said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017. He spoke and wrote about needed to leave Russia because of threats against him and his family.
Beer Tasting and Sudsy Supper: Craft brews and hard cider from local breweries will be featured at the fifth annual beer tasting and dinner dance hosted by St. Bart's Church. Admission includes tastings, pub food, French crepes, a tasting mug and entertainment. 5:30-8:30 p.m. Feb. 11. St. Bartholomew's Episcopal Church, 678 Enos Way, Livermore. $15-$40. www.saintbartslivermore.com.
Burrell School Vineyards Valentine's Dinner: Celebrate Valentine's Day with an elegant five-course dinner with vintage wine pairings. Two seatings available: A 5:30 p.m. sunset seating in an intimate tasting room overlooking the vineyard and Santa Cruz Mountains or the 7 p.m. seating in a historic old schoolhouse. Feb. 14. Burrell School Vineyards and Winery, 24060 Summit Road, Los Gatos. $180. http://burrellschool.com/event/valentines-day-candlelight-dinner.
Red Carpet Evening: This Alexander Valley Film Society fundraiser brings a dash of Hollywood glamour with an evening of film, fashion, food and fun, featuring a red-carpet entrance, a silent-auction lounge and the Academy Awards on the big screen during an elegant seated dinner. 4 p.m. March 4. Trione Winery, 19550 Geyserville Ave., Geyserville. $200. https://www.avfilmsociety.org.
Presidents Day Wine Weekend: Visit participating wineries in Calavaras County for a weekend of wine tasting, light bites, live music and special offers. 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Feb. 17-18. $25-$40. http://calaveraswines.org.
Winemaker dinner: Prima welcomes La Spinetta owner and winemaker Giorgio Rivetti for a dinner featuring La Spinetta wines and Prima dishes. 6:30 p.m. reception, 7 p.m. dinner Feb. 8. Prima, 1522 N. Main St., Walnut Creek. $138. http://www.primawine.com.
Lodi Wine & Chocolate Weekend: Now in its 21st year, Lodi's Wine and Chocolate Weekend offers a diverse selection of handcrafted wines and sweet and savory chocolate bites at 50 wineries in the Lodi appellation. 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Feb. 10-11. $55-$65. www.lodiwineandchocolate.com.
Beer Week dinners: Fieldwork Brewing Company co-owner and head brewer Alex Tweet is returning to Comal for two dinners featuring small-batch beers paired with Comal dishes. 6:30 p.m. Feb. 12-13. Comal, 2020 Shattuck Ave., Berkeley. $75. http://www.comalberkeley.com.
Yountville International Short Film Festival: This inaugural cinema celebration includes more than 75 short films, culinary events and film and wine pairings with Jessup Cellars Napa Valley at multiple venues all within walking distance of each other. Feb. 8-11. $25-$199. https://www.yisff.com.
Bacon and Beer Classic: Sample more than 100 craft beers and ciders, munch bacon-infused dishes such as bacon calzones, compete in a bacon-eating contest, enjoy a blind beer taste test and more. Two sessions: 1-4 p.m. and 6-9 p.m. Feb. 24. Levi's Stadium, 4900 Marie P. Bartolo Way, Santa Clara. $69-$125. www.baconandbeerclassic.com.
Better Together: Spend a fun afternoon with someone special enjoying delicious chocolate treats paired with Wente Vineyards wines. 1-3 p.m. Feb.10. The Event Center, 5050 Arroyo Road, Livermore. $30-$60. Reservations required. https://wentevineyards.com.
Viva Amore: Rock Wall Wine Company will transform into a land of romance filled with wine, food and music. Admission includes a wine glass, three tastings paired with chocolate and entertainment. Wine by the glass, non-alcoholic beverages and food will be available for an additional charge. 7-11 p.m. Feb. 10. Rock Wall Wine Company, 2301 Monarch St., Alameda. http://www.rockwallwines.com.
Cinnabar Winery Blending Seminars: Try your hand at the art of blending cabernet sauvignon, cabernet franc and petite verdot with winemaker George Troquato. You'll come away with a unique wine blended, bottled and labeled by you. Light appetizers provided. 6:30-8 p.m. Feb. 14. $75-$85. Cinnabar Winery tasting room, 14612 Big Basin Way, Saratoga. http://bit.ly/2pQ25Vn.
Sake and Beer Tastings and Tour: On this specially designed tour, you'll visit the largest sake brewery in the country, learn the history of sake, how it's brewed and enjoy tastings of several different types of sake. Follow this up with a visit to a local microbrewery to sample beers and discover the similarities between sake and beer. 11:30 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 17. Pick up and drop off location: Latham Square Plaza, 1615 Broadway, Oakland. $55. http://bit.ly/2C7HWLH.
Winter in the Wineries Passport: Passport holders tour, taste, and meet winemakers at more than a dozen of Calistoga's boutique and well-known wineries including Chateau Montelena and Castello di Amorosa, then vote for their favorite wines and wineries in the People's Choice Awards. Through Feb. 4. $60. https://visitcalistoga.com.
Related Articles Anchor Distilling, left out of the Sapporo purchase, gets a new name
Bay Area wine, spirits and beer events: Jan. 27 and beyond
South Bay pub owners revamp popular spot; new boilermaker opens in February
Northern California beer news, from Pliny the Younger to three new breweries
Top 10 trends at the 2018 San Francisco Fancy Food Show Calaveras Wine Camp: Campers learn everything about wine, from the vine to the bottle, while participating in hands-on experiences with winery owners and winemakers. The camp includes lodging at the Courtwood Inn in Murphys, breakfast, wine to take home, transportation to wineries, lunch and a wine pairing dinner. March 27-28. $598-$698. http://www.courtwoodwinetours.com
For more food and drink coverage
follow us on Flipboard.
OSLO May 2 France's Total said on Tuesday it needed more time to assess whether an accident at a South Korean shipyard could delay the delivery of its Martin Linge oil platform to Norway.
Six people died and more than 20 were injured when a crane collapsed onto a section of the platform at a Samsung Heavy Industries shipyard on Monday in Geoje, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported.
"It's too early to say how this would affect the platform's delivery. We still need to assess the damage," a spokesman for Total's Norwegian subsidiary said.
"We planned to sail the platform from South Korea before summer to install it during July or August, and it's still the plan," he added.
The trip takes nearly two months.
Total owns a 51 percent stake in the Martin Linge license, while Norwegian state-owned Petoro has 30 percent and Statoil 18 percent.
No Total employees were killed or injured, the company said. (Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis; editing by Susan Thomas)
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON Republicans generally agree that politicians should not enrich themselves while running the country. Yet most think it is okay for President Donald Trump to do so.
Democrats largely support the idea of government-run healthcare. But their support plummets when they learn that Trump once backed the idea.
At a time of already deep fissures among American voters on political, cultural and economic issues, Trump further polarizes the public as soon as he wades into the debate, according to the results of a Reuters/Ipsos poll. The poll suggests any effort to reach a consensus on key policy issues could be complicated simply by Trump's involvement.
The survey from Feb. 1 to March 15 of nearly 14,000 people asked respondents to consider a series of statements Trump has made on taxes, crime and the news media, among other issues. In many cases, the data showed that people will orient their opinions according to what they think of Trump.
Republicans, for example, were more likely to criticise American exceptionalism – the notion that the United States holds a unique place in history - when told that Trump once said it was insulting to other countries. They were more likely to agree that the country should install more nuclear weapons, and they were more supportive of government spending for infrastructure, when they knew that Trump felt the same way.
Democrats moved in the opposite direction. They were less supportive of infrastructure spending, less critical of the judiciary and less likely to agree that urban crime was on the rise when they knew that those concerns were shared by Trump.
For a graphic on the poll results, see tmsnrt.rs/2o5nbfF
“I'm basically in disagreement with everything he says,” said Howard House, 58, a Democrat from Jacksonville, Florida, who took the poll. “I've almost closed my mind to the guy.”
Trump is not the first president to polarise the public. A 1995 poll by the Washington Post found that Democrats appeared to favour legislative action when they thought it was then-President Bill Clinton's idea, and a 2013 survey by Hart Research Associates showed that both positive and negative attitudes about the 2010 Affordable Care Act intensified when called by its other name, Obamacare.
But previous presidents were more popular than Trump at this point, according to the Gallup polling service, and they may have been better positioned to address the public divide because of it. Gallup had Trump at a 42 percent approval rating on Tuesday. He was as low as 35 percent last week.
That leaves Trump facing a largely disapproving electorate, even as the White House signals that in the coming months it wants to pass a sweeping tax-reform package, a large infrastructure plan, and perhaps try again to supplant the Affordable Care Act.
The White House said that Trump has tried to reach out to those who did not support him during the campaign in an attempt to build political consensus.
“The door to the White House has been open to a variety of people who are willing to come to the table and have honest discussions with the President about the ways we can make our country better,” a White House spokeswoman wrote in an email.
THE HYPER-PARTISAN ERA OF TRUMP
Poll respondents were split into two groups. Each received nearly identical questions about statements Trump has made in recent years. One group, however, was not told the statements came from Trump.
The poll then asked if people agreed or disagreed with those statements. In a few cases, Trump made little to no impact on the answers. But most of the time the inclusion of his name changed the results.
A series of questions about conflicts of interest produced the biggest swings.
Some 33 percent of Republicans said it was okay if “an official” financially benefits from a government position. However, when a separate group was asked the same question with Trump's name added in, more than twice as many Republicans – 70 percent – said it was okay.
When interviewed afterward, some respondents said they knew they were making special exceptions for Trump.
Susie Stewart, a 73-year-old healthcare worker from Fort Worth, Texas, said it came down to trust. While most politicians should be forbidden from mixing their personal fortunes with government business, Stewart, who voted for Trump, said the president had earned the right to do so.
"He is a very intelligent man,” Stewart said. “He's proved himself to be one hell of a manager. A builder. I think he has the business sense to do what's best for the country.”
On the other side of the political spectrum, House, the Democrat from Florida and a Hillary Clinton supporter, said he also made an exception for Trump. But in this instance it meant that House disagreed with everything Trump supported.
If Trump said the sky was blue, “I'm going to go outside and check,” he said.
It is impossible to say exactly what motivates people to answer a certain way in a political poll, said John Bullock, an expert in partisanship at the University of Texas at Austin.
Some respondents may have looked past the question and answered in a way that they thought would support or oppose Trump, Bullock said. But he said it was also likely that others simply have not thought deeply about the issue and are looking to Trump as a guide for how to answer.
“They think of him either as a man who shares their values or someone who manifestly does not,” Bullock said.
(Editing by Jason Szep and Paul Thomasch)
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) " Cambodia's prime minister has lifted a ban on the return to the country of his main rival, daring him to risk imprisonment under an outstanding criminal conviction.
The order issued Wednesday by Hun Sen allowing the return of Sam Rainsy, for two decades his most persistent political opponent, comes as attention is being turned to next year's general election.
Hun Sen has repeatedly sought to sideline Sam Rainsy, especially by pursuing defamation cases against him. Sam Rainsy has stayed abroad since late 2015, when a conviction he believed was covered by a pardon was revived. Last October, he was officially banned from re-entering the country.
The new order forces Sam Rainsy to make good on a vow to return if the ban was lifted, or risk losing face.
MOSCOW A Russian marine major has been killed in combat in Syria, Russian news agencies reported on Thursday, confirming an earlier report that one of Moscow's highest-ranking officers there had lost his life.
Major Sergei Bordov was killed during an attack by militants on a garrison, they said, quoting the Russian defence ministry. The reports gave no further details.
Earlier on Thursday, Reuters reported Bordov's death, citing a former marine who had served with him and a person close to the Russian Black Sea Fleet.
Russian forces are backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in his war with rebels and militants seeking to oust him.
"They were caught in shell fire. Two of our Russian servicemen and two Syrian soldiers died," Vyacheslav Pavlyuchenko, who has served with Bordov, told Reuters.
He said the shelling incident occurred on Tuesday and that he did not know the names of the other fallen soldiers.
Bordov is one of the highest-ranking Russian officers to be killed in Syria. Pavlyuchenko said Bordov commanded a reconnaissance company two years ago but he did not know the major's current role in the Syria operation.
Bordov's body was expected to be delivered to his military unit in the Crimean town of Sebastopol on Friday and his burial should take place in his hometown of Simferopol on Saturday, Pavlyuchenko and the source close to the fleet said.
The defence ministry says about 30 Russian servicemen have been killed since the start of the Kremlin's operation there in September 2015.
Evidence collected by Reuters points to losses among Russian servicemen and private military contractors in Syria three to four times higher than some official estimates, although the defence ministry has denied understating the death toll. [L5N1GX1D3] [L8N1HQ2G4] [L8N1HR3TB]
(Reporting by Maria Tsvetkova and Anton Zverev; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
MILAN Italy's Prysmian (PRY.MI), the world's largest cable maker, is discussing potential acquisitions but is not prepared to overpay, Chief Executive Valerio Battista said on Wednesday.
Prysmian, which manufactures telecoms and power cables, became the sector leader in 2011 when it bought Dutch rival Draka. It has continued to acquire small and medium-sized companies in recent years, in a sector that is fragmented and oversupplied.
"We've filed offers ... that have been rejected ... they didn't like the price," Battista told reporters after a shareholder meeting, adding some talks were ongoing.
He said one of the companies was medium-to-large sized but gave no details on potential targets.
In 2016 the group's revenue rose 2.8 percent to 7.57 billion euros ($8 billion), with high-margin energy projects and telecoms cables driving growth.
Battista said he expected the telecom sector to continue to grow very quickly, with energy projects expanding, but at a slower pace than last year.
"Our mantra is it's never enough, so we will have to find ways to grow further," he said.
The manager, who took the helm of the company in 2005, said he aimed to be reappointed next year and serve another three-year term.
(Editing by David Holmes)
April 28 Invengo Information Technology Co Ltd
* Says it expected FY 2017 H1 net loss to be 20.2-25.2 million yuan versus net loss of 4.2 million yuan year ago
* Says that increased business development expenses as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/zyQsvk
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Matt Bush (51) is pictured during the Seattle Mariners vs. the Texas Rangers major league baseball game at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas on Wednesday, August 2, 2017. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
Fraley: Several reasons. He has three pitches: four-seam fastball, slider and curveball. Bush would need to develop a changeup, which he has not needed as a reliever. The Rangers have no candidates from the system ready to step into the major-league rotation. Bush would like to do it, which is half the battle. Was never convinced that Neftali Feliz, who previously made the switch with disastrous results, was into it.
Gerry Fraley, Rangers beat writer for SportsDayDFW.com and The Dallas Morning News, answered questions about the team in a recent live chat. Here are some highlights:
Noticed you picked Boston over Houston in the ALDS. What advantages do the Red Sox have?
Fraley: Much better bullpen. Pedigree. Playing in the AL East is a 76-game test for a team. The Astros had a free ride in a down AL West. It will be a great series for fans of aggressive base-running. Both clubs like to force the action on the bases.
Are the Rangers locked into a Calhoun-DeShields-Mazara outfield for the start of 2018?
Fraley: No. Calhoun will go to spring training as the favorite in left, but he must win the job. There are real questions about his defense. The Rangers would prefer to use DeShields in left, but they currently do not have another option in center. FA Lorenzo Cain is a quality center fielder, but he likely will cost too much.
View the entire chat.
A distraught father seething over sexual abuse suffered by three daughters tried to attack former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom after a judge rejected his request to confront the "demon" in a locked room, a stunning rush that reflected the anguish felt by parents who trusted him with their children.
Randall Margraves was blocked by an attorney, tackled by sheriff's deputies and hauled out of court Friday (locol time). He later apologised, saying he had lost control. Eaton County Judge Janice Cunningham said there was "no way" she would fine him or send him to jail under her contempt-of-court powers.
"I don't know what it would be like to stand there as a father and know that three of your girls were injured physically and emotionally by somebody sitting in a courtroom. I can't imagine that," the judge said.
Nonetheless, she added, it is "not acceptable that we combat assault with assault."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar, who has admitted to sexually assaulting girls under the guise of medical treatment. This case focuses on his work at Twistars, an elite gymnastics club southwest of Lansing.
Nassar, 54, already will spend the rest of his life in prison. He was sentenced last week to 40 to 175 years in prison for assaults at Michigan State University and his home and was ordered in December to spend 60 years in a federal prison for child pornography crimes.
Nassar pleaded guilty to molesting nine victims in Eaton and Ingham counties, but the courts have been open to anyone who says she was assaulted during his decades of work at Michigan State, Twistars and USA Gymnastics, which trains Olympians. More than 200 accusers so far have spoken or submitted statements in the two counties, and at least 80 percent have agreed to be publicly identified.
Margraves' dramatic move occurred after he listened to two of his daughters speak in court for 10 minutes. Lauren Margraves, a college student, said her parents were "filled with regret" because they took three daughters to see Nassar for sports injuries.
"I see the look in their faces and I know they want to be able to do something but they can't," she told Nassar. "The guilt they have will never go away. All this is because of you."
Her father then stepped up and asked the judge if she would grant him "five minutes in a locked room with this demon." Cunningham declined and also turned down his request for "one minute." That is when Randall Margraves rushed toward Nassar.
There were gasps and tears in the courtroom. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis turned to the gallery and told families to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this."
During a return to court, Margraves told the judge that he just snapped. He said he had not known what exactly his daughters were going to say about their abuse.
"I look over here and Larry Nassar's shaking his head, no, like it didn't happen. ... I'm embarrassed," Margraves said of his conduct. "I'm not here to upstage my daughters. I'm here to help them heal."
At a news conference, Margraves repeated his apology and insisted he's "no hero."
Toulouse, 3rd July 2018 – Derichebourg Atis aéronautique, a leading international services provider for the aircraft industry, is pleased to announce the launch of its collaboration with Hi-Fly Marketing, the growing South African company specialising in technical services in the African aviation industry, as its commercial representative for developing its activities through the Sub-Saharan African Region.
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique has chosen Hi-Fly Marketing for their expertise and knowledge of the African market, which offers numerous perspectives of evolution regarding its demography and air traffic. This collaboration aims to bring greater value to African airlines, lessors and financial institutions by offering them after-sales support: continuous airworthiness management, customer representation & delivery assistance, technical assistance for aircraft transition & asset management, knowledge transfer…
Derichebourg Atis aéronautique and Hi-Fly Marketing also share a deep sense of service relying on a long-lasting expertise and the understanding of their customers' needs, as well as a combined vision for the future of the airline industry.
UPDATE 2-Soccer-Bolivian championship adecuacion results and standings
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Bolivian championship Adecuacion matches on Thursday Wednesday, June 14 Club Petrolero 2 Bolivar 2 Oriente Petrolero 4 San Jose 1 Universitario de Sucre 0 Blooming 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Bolivar 19 13 2 4 53 16 41 ------------------------- 2 Oriente Petrolero 19 10 4 5 35 24 34 3 The Strongest 17 10 1 6 38 26 31 4 Nacional Potosi 17 9 2
* cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
NEW YORK, March 29 A U.S. stock rally fueled by optimism President Donald Trump will boost the economy may be near its peak, according to a Reuters poll of strategists who forecast U.S. shares will gain less than 3 percent between now and year-end.
The run up since the Nov. 8 U.S. election has left the S&P 500 at levels many consider overvalued, and some strategists say a lot depends this year on whether the new administration will be able to push through tax reform or other changes.
Republican leaders late on Friday pulled their legislation to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, dealing a setback to Trump in his first legislative initiative.
Some investors have seen the failure of the bill as a way to move forward action on tax reform, but last week's wrangling over the bill caused stocks to stumble.
In its post-election rally, the S&P 500 rose as much as 12 percent, hitting an intraday high of 2,400 on March 1. It is now up around 9 percent since the election.
Based on the median forecast of over 40 strategists polled by Reuters over the past week, the S&P 500 will hit 2,355 by mid-2017 and finish the year at 2,425, just 2.8 percent above where the index closed on Tuesday but up about 8 percent from 2016.
The S&P 500 is already up about 5 percent in 2017.
Julian Emanuel, executive director of U.S. equity and derivatives strategy at UBS Securities in New York, said stocks have been pricing in a "strongly" pro-growth agenda.
"But it has yet to be fully implemented, and the devil is in the details of implementation," said Emanuel, who sees the S&P 500 ending this year at 2,300 and said he is "cautious" on stocks near term.
At the same time, the poll's median forecast is up from the December poll's 2,350, and some banks have bumped up targets substantially. Credit Suisse raised its year-end 2017 S&P target to 2,500 from 2,300.
Some strategists remain upbeat on some of the biggest beneficiaries of the Trump rally including financials, and many expect stronger economic growth to help earnings more than anything else.
The S&P 500 is trading at nearly 18 times expected earnings, well above its long-term average of 15, according to Thomson Reuters data.
While analysts expect S&P 500 profit growth of 11 percent this year - a big increase over 2016's 1.4-percent growth - investors worry whether it will be enough to justify current prices.
Of all Trump's election promises, tax reform could have the biggest impact on earnings, so "if we get corporate tax reform light, that could disappoint," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
Interest rates are expected to continue to rise this year, which could be another factor limiting stock gains if the pace of rate hikes is faster than Wall Street is planning.
The U.S. Federal Reserve raised rates this month, and Wall Street's top banks see two additional rate hikes this year, a separate Reuters poll showed.
Most respondents in the stocks poll said a 10-percent S&P correction before mid-year is unlikely, while they were roughly split over whether there will be one by year-end.
The last 10-percent correction in the S&P 500 was at the start of 2016.
The Dow Jones industrial average is projected to end 2017 at 21,250, about 3 percent above Tuesday's close, the poll showed.
(Other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll: )
(Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak, Noel Randewich, Sinead Carew, Lewis Krauskopf and Rodrigio Campos; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
TOKYO, April 12 Japanese stocks fell to their lowest in more than four months on Wednesday as rising geopolitical tensions curbed risk appetite, with exporters badly hit as the safe-haven yen spiked to a five-month high.
The Nikkei 225 share average dropped 1.0 percent to 18,552.61, the lowest closing level since Dec. 7.
The Nikkei volatility index jumped to a five-month high.
North Korea on Tuesday warned of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force President Donald Trump described as an "armada".
Trump tweeted that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help.
The broader Topix dropped 1 percent to 1,479.54. The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 shed 1 percent to 13,271.23. (Reporting by Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Sherry Jacob-Phillips)
Fed raises rates, unveils cuts to bond holdings in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
April 6 Findel Plc:
* Says group has seen strong sales growth and anticipates total like-for-like sales growth for full year to be around 10%
* Says group expects to report FY profit before tax and exceptional items slightly below bottom of range of consensus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Manchester United will field a weakened team for their last Premier League game of the season against Crystal Palace if they qualify for the Europa League final, manager Jose Mourinho has said.
Fifth-placed United are a point and a place behind Manchester City and their qualification for next season's Champions League through a top-four finish depends on either City or third-placed Liverpool slipping up in their remaining games.
With four league matches left, United are yet to play second-placed Tottenham Hotspur and sixth-placed Arsenal but can also book a Champions League spot by winning the Europa League.
They face Spanish side Celta Vigo away in the semi-final first leg on Thursday.
"If we beat Celta, we have the final (on May 24) and, in this moment, it is obviously hypothetical," Mourinho told the club's website. (www.manutd.com)
"The Europa League final is on the Wednesday and we play against Crystal Palace on the Sunday... so we would be playing the final with disastrous consequences," the Portuguese added.
"Maybe I can bring (youth team coach) Nicky Butt and his team to play against Crystal Palace and hopefully they (Palace) don't need the game to stay in the division because it would be very, very bad if they needed the points and we played with the Under-23s."
Midfielders Paul Pogba and Marouane Fellaini will return to action against Celta.
"Fellaini and Pogba will be back for that game so there are a little bit more in terms of options so we will give everything we have," Mourinho said.
United travel to Arsenal in the Premier League on Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Ed Osmond)
THE ongoing maintenance cost of the state's 555km rabbit barrier fence has local councils hopping mad.
Toowoomba Regional Council is leading the push for the State Government to pay half the cost of the fence that sets back eight councils, including ours, a combined $850,000 a year.
The TRC will table the idea at the coming Local Government Association of Queensland conference.
Council representatives from across the state will converge on Gladstone from October 16-18 conference where this, and many other, ideas will be debated.
If there is widespread support for the council's idea at the conference, the LGAQ will then advocate on behalf of all local governments at the state level.
Western Downs, Southern Downs, Toowoomba, Lockyer Valley, Scenic Rim, Logan, Ipswich and Gold Coast councils fully fund the rabbit fence because it enters or is close to their boundaries.
The state also has a 2500km wild dog fence and Balonne, Barcoo, Maranoa, Blackall Tambo, Bulloo, Western Downs, Murweh, Paroo and Quilpie councils pay for half of its costs with the state paying the other half.
Toowoomba councillor Anne Glasheen is the chair of the Darling Downs Moreton Rabbit Board.
She said it was only fair the State Government provided an equitable solution for the rabbit fence.
"The Darling Downs Moreton Rabbit Board is seeking equity in funding arrangements for Queensland's two barrier fences," Cr Glasheen said.
"The DDMRB views the requested funding model as the fairest way for the members to maintain the fence and achieve their rabbit control objectives."
Wild rabbits are being tackled on the Southern Downs. Rebecca Zanker
NewsRegional asked for the Queensland Government to comment specifically on this issue and others to be raised at the LGAQ conference, but it refused to do so.
Instead a government spokeswoman said: "The Palaszczuk Government has an excellent working relationship with local councils throughout Queensland and their representative body, the LGAQ."
"For instance, we worked with LGAQ to reinstate the Financial Aid program to benefit indigenous councils,"she said.
"I know our ministers meet regularly with the LGAQ and local councils.
"In regards to the motions being put forward at the LGAQ conference in October, we will look at each of the motions passed and work with the councils and community to see great outcomes for all Queenslanders regardless of their location.
"The Government does not want to pre-empt the LGAQ conference and the views of delegates on the motions."
Councils should be able to buy or lease State Government-owned street lighting assets because they are best placed to look after the property while lowering costs and using the assets as an integral part of 'smart community' infrastructure, says Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio. Kevin Farmer
Lighting idea strikes at conference
COUNCILS should be able to buy or lease State Government-owned street lighting assets because they are best placed to look after the property while lowering costs and using the assets as an integral part of 'smart community' infrastructure.
Toowoomba Regional Council will lobby the Local Government Association to back the concept at the coming LGAQ conference.
As well as reducing lighting costs, Toowoomba council believes transferring ownership could see the infrastructure become the backbone of technologies that would make Queensland safer.
"Technologies can play a role in any community around Queensland, from Boulia to Bundaberg, because the technology can provide a range of fit for purpose options - from flood monitoring to CCTV," the council said in its proposal to the LGAQ.
Toowoomba Mayor Paul Antonio said the idea was based around Singapore's approach to smart cities.
"The ownership of street lighting assets by a local government-owned entity should improve costs, drive improved standards, give local governments new cost-effective options in lighting for their communities' needs and provide a potential platform for smart region initiatives," Cr Antonio said.
"My trip to Singapore in July ... highlighted the emergence and integrated use of this type of technology in Singapore and its potential for multiple and beneficial uses across local government operations.
"Singapore is a global leader in this field and there are many opportunities to explore future trade links around this new field of investment for south-east Queensland."
The Queensland Government refused to address the concerns raised by the council on this issue.
- NewsRegional
The Local Government Association of Queensland Conference is an opportunity for our local council to inspire state-wide change on issues important to our community. Tony Martin
LGAQ CONCEPTS THAT WILL DIRECTLY IMPACT US
April 12 H2o Innovation Inc
* H2o Innovation Inc - unit recently renewed four municipal contracts and was awarded a project in New Mexico
* H2o Innovation Inc - post renewal of four municipal contracts corporation's operation and maintenance business backlog is $60.4 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Friday October 6
NeiBEARhood Takeover returns to Southern Nights Tampa with DJ JB Burgos and Adult Video star, Fernando Del Rio. Strip contest begins at 1am. Admission is free before 11 and $5 afterwards.
The 2017 Fabulous Independent Film Festival, a production of Harvey Milk Festival, will take place in historic downtown Sarasota today and tomorrow at Burns Court Cinema. This year, the festival's opening night film ‘Dreamboat‘ follows the lives of 5 gay men setting sail on a gay-only party cruise. This sometimes intimate, sometimes frolicking documentary offers audiences a passionate and hopeful glimpse into each of the men's dreams and political/personal desires. For more information or to purchase tickets in advance, go to: fabulousiff.com.
The Tampa Bay International Gay and Lesbian Film Festival is celebrating a renewed focus on both sides of the Bay for 2017. During this 28th year they are excited about the opportunity to bring unity between both Hillsborough and Pinellas within the CommUNITY. They look forward to welcoming back beloved guests from over the years and prepare for the best LGBTQ+ festival films, parties and festival goodness ever. The festival runs from today until October 14. For more information or to purchase tickets, go to TIGLFF.org.
An emulsion of fashion and culture, CITY is the signature fashion event at the Tampa Museum of Art that raises funds annually to bring art and arts education programs for visitors of all ages to our community. This year, CITY will be a “fashion event” in performance art style, a departure from a typical runway show, with Susanne Bartsch at the epicenter. Interactive vignettes – each created and styled by a different designer – will feature new looks inspired by Bartsch's eccentric, avant-garde style and her impact on club kid culture, past and present. There will be a special guest performance by Tony Arias. For more information or to purchase tickets, go to: tampamuseum.org.
Saturday, October 7
The Straz Center presents “AC²,” An Intimate Evening with Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen: Deep Talk and Shallow Tales. Unscripted. Uncensored. This night of conversation between Emmy-winning journalist Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen, the host of Bravo's late-night talk show Watch What Happens: Live and the executive producer of the Real Housewives series, promises to deliver an unforgettable evening. Longtime friends the two interview each other and take questions from the audience in this off-the-cuff, interactive look behind the scenes of pop culture and world events. Tickets start at $59.50 at StrazCenter.org.
One of the most popular and highly recognized standup comedians on the road today, Chris Tucker will make a stop at AMALIE Arena in Tampa with special guest D.L. Hughley at 8p.m. Tickets start at $25 and are available at: AmalieArena.com.
The Parliament House presents PINK, benefitting Libby's Legacy Breast Cancer Foundation. The event will feature raffles, giveaways, and Pink Drink specials.
The Flamingo Resort presents “Monster Mash” with a ghostly drag show at 11:30pm in the Blu Theater with hostess Iman.
Sunday, October 8
TIGLFF presents The Lavender Scare at Tampa Theater. Based on the groundbreaking book by USF professor David K. Johnson, the parallels in this historical documentary are more relevant today, than any of us want to think about. A movement started with assumptions born in bigotry and fueled by fear, and led to the persecution of thousands of gay men and lesbians that lasted for decades.
Wednesday, October 11
The Tampa Bay Diversity Chamber of Commerce presents their Autumn Cocktail Social at The Mill St Petersburg, which USA Today recently called, “an instant hit” since it opened its doors in 2015. There will be a small plate buffet, craft cocktails and a raffle. The event takes place from 6-8 p.m.
Thursday, October 12
Movies in the Park at Straub Park, St Petersburg presents Some Like it Hot, staring Marilyn Monroe. Two Chicago musicians, Joe & Jerry, witness a gangster shooting and need to get away. To do so, they land a gig as women with an all-girl band heading to Florida – the laughs never end! For more information visit GrandCentralDistrict.org. After the showing, dance the night away at the Red Hot After Party at Enigma featuring by DJ Blake Blaze, drink specials, and no cover!
Orlando Pride Launch Party at The Veranda in Thornton Park from 6:30 to 10p.m.. The countdown to Pride Weekend ramps up with energetic performances in a dazzling social setting that's not to be missed. Admission is free with VIP $35.
The Straz Center presents The Naked Magicians. The show features magic, mirth and more than a touch of mayhem as these two hot and hilarious magicians say abracadabra and take magic to a whole new level. Left without sleeves or pockets, the Naked Magician's (Mike Tyler and Christopher Wayne) saucy magic is baffling and entertaining, bringing a new meaning to “now you see it.” This boisterous R-rated magic show strips away the top hats and capes, promising full frontal illusions. Good magicians don't need sleeves, and great magicians don't need pants. Price Level 1 tickets include a premium seat and a post-show meet and greet with the magicians. Tickets start at $45 at StrazCenter.org.
Friday, October 13
Get ready to party as Hamburger Mary's and Pride Orlando presents “Pride On Church Street” from 8 to 11:30p.m. The event is free and features a fabulous list of entertainers.
Tim Evanicki Productions presents “Jeffrey” by Paul Rudnick, and directed by Eric Pinder at the Footlight Theater at Parliament House. He shows runs until October 28 with Industry night on October 16.
Also at the Parliament House tonight s “Free Pride Friday” featuring from RuPaul's Drag Race Laganja Estranja.
Saturday, October 14
Returning for the third year, the Big Gay Brunch presented by Orlando Immunology Center at The Abbey features an amazing brunch spread, bottomless mimosas, Tito's Bloody Marys, DJs and live performances. You can purchase your tickets at BigGayBrunchOrlando.com.
Come Out With Pride Festival is between noon and 10p.m. Join the LGBTQ+ community members and allies as we all come together for an unforgettable day-long festival! Be sure to visit more than 100 vendors at the Pride Marketplace and Sponsor Walk between noon and 7p.m. Gather your friends to watch The Most Colorful Parade at 4p.m. Come Out With Pride is looking forward to having a very moving and uplifting parade, and this is your chance to get excited and show thanks to the individuals who have devoted so much energy to strengthening and supporting our community. Shortly after 9 p.m., Come Out With Pride will continue the tradition of saying goodnight with a dazzling spectacle of fireworks above Lake Eola. With nearly a mile of walkways around the water, there's room for everyone to get a prime viewing spot. For more information: ComeOutWithPride.com.
The Parliament House celebrates PRIDE with special guest RuPaul's Season 9 finalist Shea Coulee performing live. They will also feature free parking and shuttle to Lake Eola from 1 p.m. to 10p.m., Footlight Players at 10p.m.and 12a.m. and DJ Brianna spinning till 3 a.m.
The Flamingo Resort presents “The Rocky Horror Picture Show” at 11:30 p.m. at the Blu Theater with hostess Iman and sexy rocky dancers. In addition, they invite you to meet the Rocky Singers form Orlando poolside at 9:30 p.m. and 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday, October 17
Country royalty comes to the Van Wezel stage with Willie Nelson! During his lengthy, award-winning career, he has brought us some of the most iconic country songs of all time – “Georgia On My Mind,” “Blue Eyes Crying In The Rain,” “On the Road Again” and countless others. One of his recent chart-toppers was “Beer For My Horses,” which was a duet with Toby Keith. Don't miss this chance to hear the original Country rebel making waves with his unmistakable voice at 8p.m. To purchase tickets go to: VanWezel.org.
Wednesday, October 18
The Adore Tour hosted by Pardon Moi French takes place at Southern Nights Orlando (and tomorrow Oct 19 at Southern Nights Tampa). See Adore Delano like you've never seen her before as she headlines The Adore Tour featuring brand-new music from her third studio album, Whatever! This will be an incredible concert featuring opening acts from some of your favorite entertainers. Get your tickets today at TheAdoreTour.com. Doors open at 7p.m. with a meet and greet at 7:30p.m. with showtime at 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, October 19
Grammy Award winner and world-renowned, multi-platinum selling singer/songwriter/producer/director/musician, Bruno Mars, brings his The 24K Magic World Tour to Tampa's Amalie Arena at 8p.m. Tickets start at $75 and are available at: amaliearena.com.
Southern Nights Orlando presents the 10th Annual Blood Bath Party hosted by Kitana Gemini. The night will star DJ Dlux and StudPuffin Hookah with a 10:30 Freshman Lineup show hosted by MrMs Adrien and a 12:30a.m. Main Dance floor show hosted by Axel Andrews.
Friday, October 20
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill bring their “Soul2Soul The World Tour 2017,” to Tampa's Amalie Arena at 7:30p.m. Tickets start at $69.50 and are available at: amaliearena.com.
Saturday, October 21
Nick Fradiani, the American Idol Season 14 winner and (re)turned indie artist, will be at The Attic in Tampa. Fradiani is releasing his independent EP Where We Left Off in the middle of October. The new album gets back to his East Coast roots with an Americana country spin on modern pop. The first single “I'll Wait For You” is available now.
The Flamingo Resort presents “Thriller Night” starring Dani Panic and featuring the Flamingo's Cast of the dead with special appearances by Bobby York and Ozzy Dave. The MC and hostess for the evening is Alexis De La Mer.
The Parliament House presents special guest Sherry Vine performing with the Footlight Players at 10p.m. and 12a.m. The night will also be the official after party for RuPaul's Drag Race Werq the World, with free admission for anyone that shows their ticket.
Sunday, October 22
Metro Wellness hosts Big GAY Brunch at Mise en Place. Between 12 and 2pm, prepare to GAY it up in high class at one of Tampa's premier restaurants for Modern American cuisine. Enjoy an exciting and dynamic fare, whose flavors reflect the Chef's insatiable love of food.
Wednesday, October 25
Back by overwhelming demand for its fourth year, ‘Hocus Pocus Live On Stage' brings The Sanderson Sisters to life before your eyes in this dazzling live-action movie spectacle. Join this trio of wacky witches (Starring Nicole Halliwell, Calypso Monroe and Nicky Monet) along with all your favorite movie characters as they run amuck – now for the first time in Orlando at Southern Nights!
Friday, October 27
The Dr Phillips Center in association with Live Nation present the band Chicago who performs at in the Bob Carr Theater. Hailed as one of the “most important bands in music since the dawn of the rock and roll era” by former President Bill Clinton, the legendary rock and roll band with horns, Chicago, came in at #9, the highest charting American band in Billboard Magazine's recent Hot 200 All-Time Top Artists. Chicago is the first American rock band to chart Top 40 albums in six consecutive decades. Tickets start at $50.50, and are available at DrPhillipsCenter.org. You can also catch Chicago on Monday October 30 at the Van Wezel in Sarasotta . To purchase tickets go to VanWezel.org.
Ten time Grammy-Award, three time Latin Grammy-Award winning rock icon and Rock and Roll Hall of Famer Carlos Santana and his band Santana will bring The Transmogrify Tour to Tampa's Amalie Arena at 8p.m. Tickets start at $66.25 and are available at: AmalieArena.com.
Saturday, October 28
So You Think You Can Dance, the 14-time Emmy Award-winning show that sparked America's fascination with dance, is set to captivate Orlando audiences with their live on tour show from 8 to 11 p.m. Tickets start at $47.50 at Ticketmaster.com.
The Parliament House features Orlando's biggest Costume Contests with $5000 in cash to the best costume! Footlight Players take to the stage at 10p.m. in the theatre. DJ Brianna spins till 3 a.m. Admission is $10 in advance and $15 at the door. 18+ Welcome!!
The Flamingo Resort presents a Halloween Costume Contest Party with $3,000 in cash and prizes with the winner getting $2,000 in cash. Sin up at the Cabana Stage at 10p.m. with the show hosted by Iman and the Blu Theater players at 11:30 p.m.
Tuesday, October 31
The Parliament House features Orlando's biggest Costume Contests with $3000 in cash to the best costume! DJ Brianna spins till 2 a.m. Admission is $10 in advance and $15 at the door. 18+ Welcome!!
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Aug 13 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Swedish championship matches on Sunday Sunday, August 13 AIK Stockholm 1 AFC Eskilstuna 1 Hammarby 2 Ostersunds FK 2 IFK Norrkoping 0 Djurgarden 1 Jonkopings Sodra IF 1 Orebro 2 Saturday, August 12 Halmstad 0 IK Sirius 3 Friday, August 11 Malmo 6 Kalmar 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Malmo 19 14 4 1 37 15 46 ------------------------- 2 Djurgarden 19 10 3 6 33 20 33 3 IK Sirius 19 9 6 4 32 21 33 ------------------------- 4 AIK Stockholm 19 9 5 5 21 14 32 ------------------------- 5 IFK Norrkoping 19 9 3 7 26 25 30 6 OEstersunds FK 19 7 8 4 27 24 29 7 Haecken 18 7 7 4 20 14 28 8 Orebro 19 7 6 6 26 30 27 9 Elfsborg Boras 18 7 5 6 34 27 26 10 IFK Gothenburg 18 6 7 5 27 22 25 11 Hammarby 19 6 7 6 27 25 25 12 Joenkoepings Soedra IF 19 4 6 9 18 32 18 13 Kalmar 19 5 2 12 15 34 17 ------------------------- 14 GIF Sundsvall 18 3 7 8 14 24 16 ------------------------- 15 Halmstad 19 2 7 10 18 27 13 16 AFC Eskilstuna 19 1 5 13 15 36 8 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 14: Relegation play-off 15-16: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, August 14 Haecken v GIF Sundsvall (1700) Elfsborg Boras v IFK Gothenburg (1700)
SENATOR Richard Gordon said there may be a need to invite former president Benigno Aquino 3rd to shed light on his alleged involvement in the questionable purchase of P3.5 billion worth of Dengavaxia dengue vaccine.
Gordon, chairman of the Blue Ribbon Committee investigating the vaccine mess, claimed that almost all 19 members of the panel saw the need to invite Aquino at the continuation of the public hearing on December 14.
“Lahat ng nakakausap ko, sabi nila, you have to (invite Aquino). Sabi ni Sen. (Aquilino) Koko Pimentel, kailangan, let the truth come out (Almost all of those I talked said, you have to. Sen. Koko Pimentel said it is necessary),” Gordon said in a radio interview on Tuesday.
“Ang gusto ko sana moto propio pumunta si presidente (Aquino) o iimbitahin namin. Sasabihin ko na ngayon sa kumite na imbitahin si presidente, si (dating budget) secretary (Florencio) Abad at iba pa (I hope president Aquino attend the hearing moto propio or invite him. I will ask the committee now to invite former president Aquino and former budget secretary Florencio Abad),” he said.
Gordon said on Monday that Aquino was not yet “off the hook” with regard to his alleged culpability in the dengue vaccine scandal as he noted the former president's several meetings abroad with Sanofi executives prior to the procurement of the vaccine.
The senator said it was during the term of former health secretary Janet Garin that the Dengavaxia vaccine was rolled out amid concerns from health experts on its efficacy.
Gordon raised suspicion on the vaccine purchase since the funds used for the procurement was taken from the savings of the Department of Health (DoH) for 2015.
“To re-align the budget without getting approval from Congress, only someone from higher up can order this. Abad can't walk 10 meters without the President knowing, especially with this kind of amount–P3.5 billion,” he said.
He raised suspicions that the procurement may have been “supply-driven instead of needs-driven” following several meetings between Philippine and Sanofi officials.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Leyou Technologies Holdings Ltd:
* CO TO ACQUIRE 93.5 MILLION SHARES IN FREEMAN FINTECH FOR HK$100 MILLION FROM GALAXY STRATEGIC INVESTMENT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Swansea City manager Paul Clement is confident Gylfi Sigurdsson remains focused on ensuring the club maintain their Premier League status next season even though the midfielder earlier expressed a desire to play for a "big club".
The 27-year-old Sigurdsson, who has been linked with a move to Everton in recent weeks, has been vital to Swansea's bid to avoid relegation, scoring eight goals and providing 11 assists in 29 league appearances.
"It is good for a player to have ambition to play at the highest level, I have no problem with that. Gylfi is highly motivated to help us remain in the league," Clement told reporters on Thursday.
"We have not spoken about him going elsewhere. It has all been about doing his best for Swansea...He has talent and an unbelievable work ethic and all the best players I have worked with have had that work ethic. That will make him a target for others."
Swansea have lost three of their last four league games and are just three points above the relegation zone, with Clement hoping to get positive results during the run-in.
"The focus is on...the remaining nine games and at the end of the season we will know what level we are at and plans can develop from there."
Defenders Martin Olsson and Kyle Naughton have recovered from injury while midfielder Ki Sung-yueng, winger Jefferson Montero and goalkeeper Kristoffer Nordfeldt returned from international duty unscathed.
Swansea, who are 17th in the table, host second-bottom Middlesbrough on Sunday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
branding book
Media Contact
Realty in America
7865377580
***@tua.university Realty in America7865377580
End
-- By Hubert Rampersad, Ph.D.In the new housing landscape, many trends are emerging that real estate professionals should keep in mind. One most important trend entails personal real estate branding. Having a good professional reputation or personal real estate brand seems is a very important asset in today's online, virtual, and individual age. It is the key to success and the strategy behind the world's most successful real estate professionals.Remember, 70% of a realtors' career success can be attributed to his/her personal branding and presentation skills, versus 30% resulting from his/ her technical real estate knowledge. Therefore, real estate agents and brokers with strong personal branding skills are more likely to attract more clients and sell more than those with just knowledge about commission structure, listings, inspection, appraisal, etc. As a real estate professional, you must anticipate on the new housing developments by building a powerful personal real estate brand.Remember also, your brand is not your nice logo and slogan. You are your brand and you are in charge of your brand. You must think of yourself differently and manage and promote yourself like a business. Your personal brand will convey a sense of trust if it is authentic and if it reflects your true character. In my new related book "", I provide an innovative holistic and authentic personal branding model and related tools and techniques, that will help you to unlock your potential and build a trusted authentic personal real estate brand. Here are 12 tips for building an authentic personal real estate brand, based on this book (© Rampersad):1.you are your brand, always be who you are and live your brand throughyour actions. It must be built on your true personality and reflect your character, behavior, values, and vision. It should therefore be aligned with your personal mission and values. Also, make sure your marketing collateral reflects who you are, so that you will attract clients who identify with you and your abilities.2.you must adhere to the moral and behavioral code set down by your personal mission and values.3.be consistent in your behavior and message and be predictable. Peoplelike to know what to expect. Can they always depend and count on you? Are you doing relevant things again, and again, and again? Statistics have shown that people need to see a message multiple times before it really sinks in.4.focus on one area of specialization (your niche market). Be precise, concentratedon a single core talent or unique skill. Being a generalist with no specialized skills, abilities, or talents will not make you unique, special, and different. So, define your brand with a focused niche to connect with customers you aim to influence.5.; become a real estate expert. You must be seen as a recognized expert,extremely talented, highly experienced, and perceived as an effective real estate professional. For example, Dave Liniger and Gary W. Keller are seen as an authority in the real estate industry.6.distinguish yourself based on your brand. It needs to be expressedin a unique way that is different from the competition and needs to add value to your customers. It must be clearly defined that its audience can quickly grasp what it stands for.7.what you stand for should connect to what your target audience considers tobe important.8.strong brands tap into emotions. Most buying decisions are based on feelingsand emotions. Find out how to make an emotional connection with your clients and adjust your strategy accordingly.9.it must be broadcast repeatedly, continuously, consistently and repeatedly,until it's embedded in the minds of the audience. It is about repetition and long-term exposure, using a unique selling proposition express in a concise and memorable slogan and with a nice logo, color palette, and design standards that reflect well on your brand. Post a nice picture of yourself on social media and make it your visual signature.10.your brand needs time to grow. It should be developed organically. You have to stick with it, don't give up, believe in yourself, and be patient.11.people do business with people they like. Your personal brand will producebetter results and endure longer if you are perceived in a positive way. You must be associated with a value that is recognized as positive and worthwhile. For example, since 1992, RE/MAX has been the official real estate sponsor of Children's Miracle Network Hospitals.12.if you don't perform, personal real estate branding will be a sham. Your personalbrand should therefore be translated into your personal balanced scorecard.When you are branded according to these criteria and you commit yourself to act accordingly, your brand will be strong, you will distinguish yourself from the crowd, and your target audience will trust you. ....----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dr. Hubert Rampersad is a recognized Personal Real Estate Brand Coach. He is the author of the best-selling book "" (IUF University Press, 2017).This article is based on this new book.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A woman who was formerly employed as a manager by celebrity chef Mike Isabella sued him and his business partners Monday alleging sexual harassment. Isabella denied the allegations.
Chloe Caras is seeking an unspecified amount for pain and suffering, back pay and punitive damages. Isabella, who competed on the cooking reality shows "Top Chef" and "Top Chef: All-Stars," has about a dozen restaurants in the Washington area.
The lawsuit filed in Superior Court in the District of Columbia says when Caras was fired in 2017 she was the director of operations for the Isabella Eatery in Virginia and the highest-ranking woman in Isabella's organization, Mike Isabella Concepts. The lawsuit says that during Caras' three years with the company she was subject to unwelcome touching, sexual advances, vulgar and explicitly sexual remarks and gestures, and sexists insults and texts calling her a "dumb bitch" and a "whore" and false rumors about her sexual history.
"On multiple occasions, Mr. Isabella sexually propositioned Ms. Caras and subjected her to degrading acts, including pulling her hair while standing behind her in a clear pantomime of having penetrative sex from the rear," the lawsuit says.
Advertisement
The lawsuit says Isabella and his partners created a "sexually hostile work environment and condoned a climate of contempt for women" at his restaurants. It says that on Dec. 5, 2017, when Isabella suggested to a chef that he have sex with Caras she attempted to leave the restaurant and was chased after by a screaming Isabella and fired by him when she reached the door.
In a statement provided to The Washington Post, which was first to report the lawsuit, Isabella, his partners and company denied the allegations. "Simply put, the allegations of an unwelcoming or hostile work atmosphere are false," the statement said. The Maryland-based law firm that provided the statement, Bascietto & Bregman, did not immediately provide the same statement or other information to The Associated Press.
Caras' attorney Debra Katz said in an email that Caras has also filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission requesting that it conduct an investigation into allegations that Isabella's organization maintained a sexually hostile work environment.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
7th Advanced Industry Forum on Global Encryption, Cloud & Cyber Export Controls
Contact
Andrea Sachs
***@americanconference.com Andrea Sachs
End
--is scheduled forin. Each year, trade, engineering and security compliance professionals rely on this unique event for worthwhile benchmarking and networking.The 2017 program includes a distinguished faculty of U.S. and EU Government officials, who will address the EU Proposal on Human Rights and Cyber-Surveillance Technologies, WASSENAAR developments and cloud computing:• Matthew S. Borman, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security,• Robert Rarog, Senior Advisor to the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security,• Marietje Schaake, Member,• Robert Saeverin, Senior Officer,This critically acclaimed program will navigate the ins and outs of complying with new, complex U.S. and foreign encryption controls, including requirements in the U.S., France, Russia, Southeast Asia, China, Hong Kong, South Korea and Japan. The faculty features experts from the U.S. and across the globe, including:• Brian Falbo, Attorney, Product Group and Global Operations,• Anne Marie Griffin, Deputy Director Global Trade Policy,• Xiang Wang, Partner,• Mahmut Sen, Manager Trade Compliance,• Naobumi Yamada, Senior Expert,, Export Control Advisor, Center for Information on Security Trade Control (CISTEC)• Rebecca Conover, Export Compliance Program Manager,• Ken Niven, Associate General Counsel,• Rama Dasari, Export Compliance Manager,• Heather A. Stone, Gross, Kleinhendler, Hodak, Halevy,• Yi Lin Seng, Local Principal,For further details and to register, interested parties can call 888-224-2480 or register http://www.AmericanConference.com/ Encryption
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Several former executives of Keppel Corp have been arrested by Singaporean authorities in a probe related to charges its rig-building unit bribed Brazilian officials, Singapore's Straits Times newspaper reported on Friday.
Keppel Offshore & Marine in December agreed to pay $422 million to resolve investigations into the matter by authorities in the United States, Brazil and Singapore.
But Singapore's Attorney-General's Chambers (AGC) and the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB) said at the time that investigations regarding the individuals involved were ongoing.
The Straits Times said more than six people were currently out on bail connected with case.
A CPIB spokesman said he was “unable to comment as investigations against the individuals involved are still ongoing”. The AGC declined to comment.
A spokesman for Keppel Offshore & Marine said: “We are unable to comment on any investigations by the authorities.”
Keppel Offshore & Marine has taken disciplinary action against 17 current and former employees in relation to the bribery charges, court documents showed.
WASHINGTON U.S. consumer spending barely rose in February amid delays in the payment of income tax refunds, but the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year.
The slowdown in consumer spending reported by the Commerce Department on Friday is, however, likely to be temporary with consumer confidence at a more than 16-year high and a tightening labor market pushing up wage growth.
"Given the weather-related weakness in utilities spending as well as some delays in tax refunds for low- and middle-income earners in February, we expect consumer spending to strengthen in the quarters ahead," said Eugenio Aleman, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Commerce Department said consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, edged up 0.1 percent. That was the smallest gain since August and followed an unrevised 0.2 percent rise in January.
Economists had expected a 0.2 percent increase. The government delayed the issuing of tax refunds this year as part of efforts to combat fraud.
Spending last month was held back by a 0.1 percent dip in purchases of big-ticket items like automobiles. While unseasonably warm weather lowered households' heating bills, it restricted spending growth last month.
Weak consumer spending resulted in the Atlanta Federal Reserve trimming its first-quarter economic growth estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.9 percent annualized rate. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent rate in the fourth quarter, stepping down from the July-September quarter's brisk 3.5 percent pace.
Despite signs of moderate growth, economists expect the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least twice more this year. The U.S. central bank raised its benchmark overnight interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point this month.
Other data on Friday showed the University of Michigan's consumer sentiment index slipping to a reading of 96.9 in March from 97.6 earlier in the month. The final reading was a touch higher than February's 96.3. A report from the Conference Board this week showed its consumer confidence index surging in March to its highest reading since December 2000.
The dollar was trading slightly higher against a basket of currencies, while U.S. stocks fell marginally as investors skimmed profits off recent gains. Prices for U.S. government bonds rose modestly.
INFLATION PRESSURES BUILDINGEven with economic growth slowing at the start of the year, inflation is rising. The personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index gained 0.1 percent last month after jumping 0.4 percent in January.
That lifted the year-on-year rate of increase in the PCE price index to 2.1 percent, the biggest gain since April 2012. The PCE price index rose 1.9 percent in January.
Excluding food and energy, the so-called core PCE price index increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.3 percent in January. In the 12 months through February, the core PCE price index increased 1.8 percent after a similar gain in January.
The core PCE is the Federal Reserve's preferred inflation measure and is running below its 2 percent target. Inflation is now in the upper end of the range that Fed officials in March felt would be reached this year.
"There is nothing in this report that suggests the Fed should pause in June in its gradual renormalization of monetary policy but the Fed will look closely at the evolution of core inflation over the next two months in making that decision," said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York.
Rising price pressures are also eating into consumer spending. When adjusted for inflation, consumer spending fell 0.1 percent in February after declining 0.2 percent in January.
That was the first back-to-back monthly decline in real consumer spending since April 2009. Personal income rose 0.4 percent last month after advancing 0.5 percent in January. Wages increased 0.5 percent, the biggest gain in five months.
Income at the disposal of households after accounting for inflation increased 0.2 percent after dipping 0.1 percent in January. Savings rose to a five-month high of $808.0 billion from $770.9 billion in January.
Rising incomes and higher savings bode well for future consumer spending.
(Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci and Matthew Lewis)
March 31 Industrial Services Of America Inc
* Industrial Services of America Inc announces 2016 operating results, conclusion of strategic review process and amended credit facility
* Industrial Services of America Inc says on March 31, 2017, company entered into an amended credit facility With Midcap Business Credit LLC
* Industrial Services Of America - board accepted special committee's recommendation to focus on returning core recycling business to profitability
* Industrial Services of America Inc says amendedment extends maturity date of company's line of credit until February 28, 2020
* Industrial Services of America Inc - "also remain alert for possible strategic partnerships, joint ventures and mergers/acquisitions"
* Industrial Services of America Inc says amendedment also increased line of credit from $6.0 million to $8.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
It's pretty much a rite of passage to go to a Wetherspoons before a flight no matter what time of day it is, and order a double G&T.
And thanks to Delta Air Lines, you might start making a habit of ordering Prosecco on the plane, too, after the airline announced complimentary fizz would soon be part of their in-flight services. This is excellent news.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty
During international flights, customers have always had the choice of complimentary beer, white and red wines plus spirits, but it's only now that Delta have introduced Avissi Prosecco for long-haul flyers.
"Sparkling wine is often the first choice for a celebration and we know how special it is for people to jet off on a trip so we wanted to bring the celebration to them," said Lisa Bauer, Delta's Vice President of On-Board Services.
To be fair, free Prosecco and going on holiday all in one day is pretty much the dream. When do we go?
Work on water systems this week will affect water service in Pāʻia and Waiehu, according to announcements from project contractors.
Water Shutdown to Affect Parts of Pāʻia on Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017
On Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017, Allegiance Excavation and the county Department of Water Supply will be performing work on the county's water system in the area of Hikina and Hema places in Pāʻia.
A portion of homes in the Hikina Place area will have water shut off from approximately 8:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. The shutdown will affect all water services off of Hikina and Hema places, according to the announcement.
Customers along these roads are encouraged to store water and adjust schedules.
For more information, contact Allegiance Excavation at 878-2663.
Water Shutdown to Affect Services Along L Waiehu Beach Rd, Wednesday, Dec. 13, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
On Wednesday, Dec. 13, 2017, customers in the Lower Waiehu Beach Road area will have water shut off from approximately 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. while work is performed on the county's water system by Global Specialty Contractors.
The shutdown will affect all water services along Lower Waiehu Beach Road, including Alakai and Puʻuloa streets and Pakele and Kualoa places.
For more information, contact Global Specialty Contractors.
To report a water emergency, contact the Department of Water Supply's 24-hour hotline at (808) 270-7633.
March 30 Netcare Ltd
* Pre-close trading update
* Adjusted HEPS for H1 2017 is expected to be between c. 9.0 pct and c. 13.0 pct lower
* In 5 months to February 2017, average rand/pound sterling exchange rate was 23.1 pct stronger at 16.99 rand.
* Stronger rand will negatively impact conversion of UK results in consolidated group accounts Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
The Auckland Council can appeal its own decision to block the controversial Orewa seawall, says the Environment Court.
Council commissioners declined a council application to build a 600m seawall in the north of the beach, but it is appealing their decision through the Environment Court, arguing the commissioners failed to acknowledge how the seawall would counter natural risks.
Environment Court Judges David Kirkpatrick said the appeal could go ahead even though the council was a single legal entity, and there was no basis to split it in two.
"If it is to act as both appellant and consent authority, then it must do so in a way that carefully addresses and avoids apparent conflicts and minimises procedural complications."
Advertisement
The judges will allow the appeal to proceed because there is a real controversy that other parties also want to resolve.
But they said the council was "fully accountable" as both applicant and appellant as well as a consent authority.
"We leave open the possibility that in other circumstances the issue of whether it is lawful or appropriate for a council to appeal against its own decision may need to be decided," the judge said, especially if no one else is involved.
Auckland Council has spent at least $660,000 on engineering, design and legal fees relating to the wall.
Figures released to Hibiscus Matters under the Official Information Act show legal fees alone have totalled more than $140,000.
Both parties were given until last week to file memorandum on proposed terms and conditions for a hearing.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The owner of an Indian restaurant in Findern has applied for permission to host plays, films, live-streaming sports events, live music and dance performances - both indoors and outdoors.
Davinder Gidda, owner of Nadee in Heath Lane, Findern, filed the application with South Derbyshire District Council.
It will be debated by the authority's licensing and appeals committee on Tuesday, July 10.
Derbyshire police are supportive of the plans, as long as only recorded music is played outside, a Challenge 25 alcohol restriction is used, CCTV is operational at all times, and that doors are closed when live performances are taking place indoors.
Meanwhile, Sallyann Toone, the district council's pollution officer said: “This is a semi-rural area with residential dwellings and a primary school being situated within close vicinity of the premises.
“The limitation of the regulated entertainment area should be restricted to the indoors and the external dining patio area only, as per the existing license, which would reduce the likelihood of a noise nuisance affecting the local community.”
(Image: Google Maps)
A member of the public, P Lowe, said that the proposals would “endanger the lives of road users and pedestrians".
They said: “Vehicles attending wedding functions at Nadee already cause safety and nuisance issues as they pass through Findern village bumper-to-bumper, making it difficult to enter and leave a property on Willington Road or Heath Lane.
“Emergency services would have great difficulty reaching any situation which they are called upon to attend, thus putting lives at risk.”
However, another resident, R Badwal, stated that the plans would have a “positive benefit” on the area.
They said: “As a keen and avid walker, I regularly pass the area of the site and I have never seen a disturbance since this establishment has been open, nor have I read about any disturbance in the local media.
“It is refreshing to see the owners of Nadee use the natural landscape of the site to give the local community a great place to socialise, dine and drink and appreciate the scenic views.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
BERLIN A German judge on Thursday approved an arrest warrant against an Iraqi man detained after an attack against a bus carrying players belonging to the Borussia Dortmund football team, the Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement.
Prosecutors earlier said the 26-year-old man is suspected of having been a member of the Islamic State militant group in Iraq before arriving in Germany in early 2016.
They added that there was no proof yet that the man had taken part in the attack in Dortmund.
The judge who approved the arrest warrant is from the Federal Court of Justice, the country's highest court for criminal and civil jurisdiction.
(Reporting by Joseph Nasr; editing by Richard Lough)
Hong Kong stocks fall as rates rise, Shanghai slips on nagging China slowdown fears
SHANGHAI, June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. rate hike overnight, while shares in China slid on persistent fears that economic growth will soon start to cool.
* Unease grows over North Korea, Syria, Russia tensions * SPDR Gold holdings rise by about 6 tonnes this week (Updates prices, adds graphic) By Sethuraman N R April 12 Gold climbed to a 5-month high on Wednesday, extending its nearly 2 percent gains from the previous session, as investors shifted to safe-haven assets with tensions rising over the United States' relations with North Korea and Russia. Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,274 per ounce by 0716 GMT after hitting its strongest since Nov. 10 at 1,279.80 earlier in the session. U.S. gold futures rose 0.2 percent to $1,276. Heightened tensions in the Korean peninsula, and the Middle East following U.S. strikes on Syria, along with the upcoming French presidential election, have left investors nervous. "Recently a degree of uncertainty has found its way into previously seemingly bulletproof financial markets," ANZ analysts wrote in a note. "There is clearly some nervousness out there, with geopolitical tensions around North Korea ratcheting higher and adding to an already heightened geopolitical environment." North Korean state media warned on Tuesday of a nuclear attack on the United States at any sign of American aggression, as a U.S. Navy strike group steamed toward the western Pacific - a force U.S. President Donald Trump described as an "armada". Trump said in a tweet that North Korea was "looking for trouble" and the United States would "solve the problem" with or without China's help. Meanwhile, the United States accused Russia on Tuesday of trying to shield Syria's leader from blame for a deadly poison gas attack last week, as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson brought a Western message to Moscow condemning its support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Elsewhere, French centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen clung on as frontrunners on Tuesday in France's tight presidential race, but the unpredictable outcome is pushing some pollsters to calculate the most extreme runoff scenarios. Gold on Tuesday closed above the 200-day moving average for the first time this year after struggling to do so over the past few weeks. "Gold has finally broken and closed above its 200-day moving average at $1,257.50, which now becomes a support. From a technical perspective, the way is now clear for a run at $1,300 and possibly higher," said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA. "The safe-haven effect is clearly in play once again ahead of the Easter holiday with volumes in both spot and options well above average." Holdings of SPDR Gold Trust , the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund (ETF), rose 0.50 percent to 842.41 tonnes on Tuesday. The ETF has seen about six tonnes of inflows this week. Among other precious metals, spot silver was firm at $18.31 an ounce. Platinum fell 0.1 percent to $966.10 per ounce after rising over 3 percent in the previous session, while palladium dropped 0.3 percent to $800.63. (Reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by Joseph Radford and Biju Dwarakanath)
BALANGA City: The Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines–Episcopal Commission on Migrants and Itinerant People (CBCP–ECMI) on Tuesday expressed support to the plan of President Rodrigo Duterte to create a separate department for overseas Filipino workers (OFWs).
CBCP–ECMI chairman Ruperto Santos, bishop of the Diocese of Balanga, said with the creation of the department, specific needs of OFWs will be properly attended to.
“Their basic interests will solely be safeguarded and their personal rights and privileges will be promoted and preserved,” the Bataan prelate added.
Santos suggested that the Philippine Overseas Employment Administration and the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration could also be under the watch of the Department for OFWs.
“With POEA and OWWA under the new agency, common and united efforts for the welfare and well-being of our workers abroad will be rightly and justly addressed,” he said.
According to the bishop, it is now high time and very necessary to give more importance and protection to the country's OFWs.
“We at CBCP–ECMI appreciate the kind gestures and compassion of our government toward our OFWs,” Santos said.
The President, during his official visit to the Middle East last week, announced plans to create the new department and the building of a hospital for Filipino workers abroad.
FILE PHOTO: New excavators are seen at a port in Yokohama, south of Tokyo February 10, 2011. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N) said on Wednesday said that the ongoing investigation related to its tax and export activities will not have a material adverse effect on its results.
In March, U.S. law enforcement officials had raided three of the heavy machinery manufacturer's Illinois facilities as part of an Internal Revenue Service probe related to profits earned by the company's Swiss unit.
(Reporting by Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
FILE PHOTO: New one pound coins come off the production line at The Royal Mint in Llantrisant, Wales, Britain, January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Rebecca Naden/File Photo
LONDON Britain's ruling Conservative Party will win June's election with a landslide, according to almost two-thirds of foreign exchange strategists polled by Reuters who said the result would have little effect on sterling.
Having fallen as much as 23 percent after last June's European Union membership referendum to touch a 31-year low of $1.1491 in October, sterling GBP= is now about 14 percent lower against the dollar, trading at $1.29 earlier on Wednesday.
Sterling hit a seven-month high last week as traders closed off heavy bets against the pound. Short positions on the pound were close to record highs, making "short squeezes" -- when traders close out those positions, pushing up the value of the currency -- more likely.
Medians in the poll of over 60 strategists, taken in the past week, showed sterling would be worth $1.27 in a month -- just before the general election -- but then weaken to $1.24 in six months before settling at $1.25 a year from now.
Predictions for a landslide win are in line with opinion polls and those latest sterling forecasts were little -changed from an April poll. But highlighting uncertainty, the range of 12-month forecasts was $1.11 to $1.39.
Against the euro, the pound EURGBP= will follow a similar path. In a month one euro will be worth 85.0 pence, in six months 87.8p and in a year 87.0p. Again, those forecasts were little changed from April.
Growth in the currency bloc will be steady but modest in the coming year, an April Reuters poll of economists showed, although that forecast was partly contingent on independent candidate Emmanuel Macron winning the French presidency this weekend. [ECILT/EU]
Solid growth, coupled with higher inflation, means pressure is mounting on the European Central Bank to start dialling back its still-aggressive stimulus. But it kept its policy stance steady last week, even leaving the door open to more easing.
While markets expect the ECB to tone down the language in June, removing a bias for further easing, ECB President Mario Draghi gave no hint of such moves on Thursday, only venturing to say economic risks have receded.
The United States Federal Reserve, which has already tightened policy, is expected to raise interest rates twice more this year. In contrast, the Bank of England is not expected to do anything until 2019 at least. [ECILT/US] [ECILT/GB]
As there is so far little clarity on how divorce talks between Britain and the European Union will progress, investors may instead return to looking at monetary policies.
"Last year, cable fell a long way below the level implied by its formerly close relationship with expectations for the differential between official interest rates in the UK and U.S. over the next two years," said Samuel Tombs at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
"This decoupling seemed to reflect Brexit fears, which could not be fully encapsulated in short-term interest rate expectations. But last week, this gap closed completely; sterling now is back to the level implied purely by interest rate expectations."
MAY'S JUNE LANDSLIDE
Thirty-two of 52 strategists who answered an extra question predicted a landslide Conservative wins on June 8 and 18 a moderate win. Only two predicted a moderate Labour Party victory and none a landslide Labour win or a hung parliament.
According to the median forecast of those who answered the extra question, sterling would rally 1.0 percent against the dollar but dip 1.25 percent against the euro in the immediate aftermath of an overwhelming victory for the Conservatives.
Three recent opinion polls showed a rise in support for Britain's opposition Labour Party but Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservatives maintained a commanding lead ahead of the election, expected to define the terms of the country's EU exit.
May has said she expects divorce talks to be tough after EU leaders agreed stiff terms and voiced alarm at "illusions" in London that may wreck a deal.
If opinion polls and the strategists are right, May will win a new mandate for a series of reforms she wants to introduce in Britain -- and also a vote of confidence in a vision for Brexit which sees the country outside the EU's single market.
"It will likely give Theresa May the ability to pass domestic legislation with less uncertainty and, more importantly, the flexibility to negotiate the terms of Brexit without fear of being undermined," said Jordan Rochester at Nomura.
Previous Reuters polls have shown the pound's fate hangs on the tone of the Brexit negotiations. If the divorce negotiations turn fractious, sterling will fall, conversely if talks run smoothly, the forecast was for it to bounce.
(Polling by Vivek Mishra and Indradip Ghosh; Editing by Catherine Evans)
GAZA Gaza's ruling Hamas movement executed three Palestinians on Thursday convicted of collaborating with Israel, hanging the men during a campaign to persuade any Israeli-recruited agents to come forward in return for more lenient punishment.
Hamas leaders and officials, along with the heads of Gaza clans and local security chiefs, watched the execution in the courtyard of the enclave's main police headquarters.
The Hamas-run Interior Ministry said the men, aged 32, 42 and 55, were convicted of treason and spying for hostile foreign parties and had provided information that helped Israel track and kill Palestinians, including leaders of militant factions.
Their trials were conducted by Hamas-run security courts in the past two years and they were put to death after all legal procedures were exhausted, the ministry said.
Since seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party in 2007, Hamas-run courts have sentenced 106 people to death and executed 22 of them, Palestinian and international rights groups say.
New York-based Human Rights Watch condemned Thursday's hangings.
"Hamas authorities will never achieve true security or stability through firing squads or by the gallows, but rather through respect for international norms and the rule of law.” Sarah Leah Whitson, executive director of the group's Middle East division, said in a statement.
Hamas issued a public ultimatum for "collaborators" to turn themselves in after the killing last month of Mazen Fuqaha, a senior leader of its armed wing, accusing Israel or its local agents of assassinating him.
Punishment would be softened for those who surrender and they would remain anonymous, Hamas said, holding out the prospect of protecting their families from the stigma attached in Gaza to cooperating with Israel.
Hamas, which has arrested an unknown number of suspects in the investigation of Fuqaha's death, has not said if anyone has taken up the offer.
Suggesting that Fuqaha was assassinated as a result of internal rivalries, Israeli Defence Minister Avigdor Lieberman said in public remarks that Hamas should look at its own people to find the killers. Hamas officials said Lieberman was attempting to obscure Israel's role in the death.
Over the years, Israel has established a network of contacts in the Palestinian territories, using a combination of pressure and sweeteners to entice Palestinians to divulge intelligence.
Palestinian and International Human Rights groups have repeatedly condemned death penalty, and urged Hamas and the Palestinian Authority to suspend it. Palestinian law says President Mahmoud Abbas, who has no actual control over Gaza, has the final word on whether executions can be carried out.
(Editing by Jeffrey Heller in Jerusalem and Alison Williams)
The relationship between the Bigg Boss 11 contestants is unpredictable. They are seen bonding with one another so well, but the very next moment they are seen fighting!
We have seen Puneesh Sharma and Luv Tyagi fighting during a task. But in an unseen video, both of them are seen bonding so well that they intend to stay in touch even after they exit from the show. They are seen making plans as to what they will do in Delhi after they leave the house!
Puneesh & Luv's Delhi Plans In the video, Luv Tyagi and Puneesh are seen discussing as to how they will meet even after Bigg Boss and party together. Hina, who is seen doing make-up, teases them. Luv Has A Gun Licence! Puneesh asks whether Luv has licence (of gun), and the latter answers in the affirmative. Hina doesn't understand first (as they do not take name of the gun) and asks Luv about which licence they are talking about. Hina Is Shocked! Later, Hina gets to know and is shocked. She asks as to why they are talking badly. But Puneesh says that it (having gun licence) is necessary as they stay in Delhi and anything can happen there! Hina Is Scared Of Luv & Puneesh! Hina tells them that they are scaring them and she is not going out with them in Delhi. Puneesh tells her that she will be safe with them. Luv tells them that he had fired his first shot at a friend's farmhouse in Delhi and he got nervous. Hina Asks If Luv's Father Doesn't Stop Him! Hina asks as to they (Luv's family) do not stop him. Luv tells her that his father had objected a few times, but he can't help! It's normal there! Then, she asks whether the police don't say anything! Puneesh Puneesh says that IG of Police is his neighbour and he has never objected! It is common in Delhi to fire guns on celebratory occasions.
Bigg Boss 11: Nomination Task! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE! Here's This Week's Nominations!
England pace spearhead James Anderson is hoping his body can withstand the rigours of the English test summer before he shifts his focus to the side's defence of the Ashes in Australia later this year.
Anderson, who is recovering from a shoulder injury, is currently preparing for the county season with Lancashire and will not play an international until the first of four tests against South Africa starting July 6 at Lord's.
England then host West Indies in a three-match series to wrap the test summer in September.
"The tests are a long way away," Anderson, who is England's all-time leading test wicket taker with 467 victims, told reporters.
"I'll manage the first part of the season with Lancashire to see how my shoulder pulls up and how my fitness goes, and if I'm fit then I definitely will try to play all seven (tests).
"I'll manage the first bit, so I get enough cricket in so I am ready for that test series but not so much that I turn up tired."
Anderson, who turns 35 in July, is determined to be a part of England's tour of Australia in November but has refused to look too far into the future.
"The Ashes is a very important part of this year for the English cricket team and I'll have to focus on that closer to the time," he added.
"I'm focussed on staying fit... and I need to show the selectors that I'm still eager and hungry."
Anderson is set to feature in Lancashire's season opener against Essex on April 7.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
U.S. stocks, bond yields rise after Comey statement; oil plunges
NEW YORK U.S. stocks closed higher and Treasury yields rose on Wednesday after the release of written testimony from ex-FBI chief James Comey, with investors looking ahead to his U.S. Senate appearance on Thursday, the same day as a British parliamentary vote and a European Central Bank meeting.
PARIS May 2 French gas and power group Engie plans to cut at least 1,900 jobs in France over the 2016-19 period and aims to offshore its retail services to third parties in lower-cost countries, the CGT union said in a statement on Tuesday.
The union said the company had announced the job cuts plan at its headquarters and that the cuts would impact Engie's French energy business, which it said employs 25,000 staff.
The union said Engie plans to move some of its call centres to Morocco, Mauritius and Portugal.
Engie declined to comment on the situation. (Reporting by Geert De Clercq and Benjamin Mallet; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UNITED NATIONS, April 5 Russia said former U.S. President Barack Obama's threat of military action if a "red line" was crossed and chemical weapons were used in Syria had provoked such attacks.
"That decision served as a starting point for future provocations by terrorists and extremist structures with the use of chemical weapons, they sought to discredit the official Damascus regime and to create a pretext for the use of military force against a sovereign state," Deputy Russian U.N. Ambassador Vladimir Safronkov told the U.N. Security Council. (Reporting by Michelle Nichols; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
April 3 Royal Gold Inc:
* Royal Gold provides update on its fiscal 2017 third quarter
* Royal Gold - unit RGLD Gold AG sold about 58,000 gold ounces and 322,000 silver ounces related to streaming agreements during Q3 ended March 31, 2017
* Had approximately 15,000 gold ounces and 374,000 silver ounces in inventory at March 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
SINJAR, Iraq (Reuters) - Since Iraqi forces pushed the Kurds out of the Yazidis' mountainous heartland of Sinjar in northern Iraq in October, residents are wondering what could happen to them next.
The Iraqi flag is seen in the city of Sinjar, Iraq November 24, 2017. Picture taken November 24, 2017. REUTERS/Raya Jalabi
Food and money are in short supply since aid organizations stopped delivery after Iraq's advance. Buildings collapsed in the fighting and of those still standing, many are marked with bullets and littered with IEDs. Water and electricity barely work.
The Yazidis, whose beliefs combine elements of several ancient Middle Eastern religions, have long been viewed with suspicion and repeatedly persecuted by other groups in Iraq.
In 2014, more than 3,000 were killed by Islamic State militants in a campaign described by the United Nations as genocidal.
Now the land they have lived on for centuries is caught up in a tug of war between Baghdad and Iraq's Kurds, who had controlled it since the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003.
“We're trapped in this game of political football, between Iraq and the Kurds,” said a Yazidi resident of Sinjar, Kamal Ali. “But neither of them cares about our future.”
The militias have hoisted Iraq's tricolour flag over government buildings and any remaining Kurdish flags have been scrawled over with the words “Iraq” and “Allahu Akbar”, the blazing sun at its centre scribbled over in black marker.
Sinjar is politically important because it's in the disputed territories, ethnically mixed areas across northern Iraq, long the subject of a constitutional dispute between Baghdad and the Kurds, who both claim them.
Sinjar fell under the Kurds' control, despite lying outside Iraqi Kurdistan's recognised borders.
Baghdad did little to challenge the arrangement until its October offensive, launched to punish the Kurds for their Sept. 25 independence referendum. Iraqi forces have seized the disputed areas the Kurds had expanded into including Sinjar.
The referendum reignited long-simmering tensions over geographic dominance in the oil-rich north, between Baghdad and the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG), who fought side by side to defeat Islamic State.
DIVIDED
The Yazidis are divided about what should happen now.
Some are glad the Kurds have gone and see an opportunity for increased autonomy now that they are under federal control following the offensive by Iraq's security forces last October. Kurdish forces handed over Sinjar without a fight to the Lalesh Brigades, a Yazidi militia backed by Baghdad's Shiite paramilitary forces (PMF).
Most Yazidis speak a Kurdish dialect, but many don't see themselves as ethnically Kurdish.
“We're happy the Kurds have left,” said Abu Sardar, a 47-year-old Yazidi man. “We're Yazidis we're not Kurds, we do not want to be part of Kurdistan.”
Like others, Abu Sardar complained that the Kurds forced him to vote in the Kurdish referendum, accusations the KRG denies.
He returned two months ago to the ruins of his home in the Sinuni district of Sinjar and expressed bitter disappointment that little had changed since he left in 2014: hospitals and schools remain shuttered while the city is still mostly rubble.
Destroyed buildings are seen in the city of Sinjar, Iraq November 24, 2017. Picture taken November 24, 2017. REUTERS/Raya Jalabi
He hopes that Baghdad and its militias will rebuild Sinjar.
Others lament the Kurds' departure.
The KRG and allied Yazidi groups hold former Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki responsible for the campaign by Islamic State. They say his troops' desertion of Mosul allowed militants to capture billions of dollars in weapons later used to attack the minority.
Yazidi commander Qassem Shesho says Iraq's government is too sectarian and dislikes the Yazidis as much as Islamic State.
Like many others, he blames the Kurds for the attack by Islamic State.
“But they're all we've got,” he said.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Shesho is allied to Iraqi Kurdistan's ruling Kurdistan Democratic Party, even though the Kurds cut his fighters' salaries after the Lalesh Brigades took over Sinjar.
‘CITY OF GHOSTS'
Some days, residents say, there are only bones in Sinjar. Nearly 50 mass graves have been uncovered outside the town since 2014.
“Sinjar is a city of ghosts,” said the Lalesh Brigades' leader Ali Serhan Eissa, also known as Khal Ali.
Tens of thousands of Yazidis fled the militant onslaught and headed for Mount Sinjar. Of those who didn't reach the mountain, about 3,100 were killed – with more than half shot, beheaded, burnt alive and disposed of in mass graves.
Others were sold into sexual slavery or forced to fight, according to a report by the Public Library of Science journal PLoS Medicine.
Some are still on the mountain, about to spend a third freezing winter in tents.
Before the attack, Sinjar was home to about 400,000 people – mainly Yazidis and Arab Sunnis. Only 15 percent of Yazidis have returned home, according to humanitarian estimates.
Most Yazidis remain in IDP camps in the Kurdistan region, along with most of the area's displace Sunnis. Aid workers worry the camps will be closed if tensions between Baghdad and the Kurds flare up.
The presence of fighters from Turkey's separatist Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) further complicates the picture. Many Yazidis credit them with opening up a land route to allow those stranded on Mount Sinjar to escape the militants in 2014.
The PKK entrenched itself in the community, even creating a local unit, the Sinjar Resistance Units (YBS) which controls multiple checkpoints around Sinjar.
Turkey and neighbouring Iran are closely watching the power shift in Sinjar.
Tehran wants to secure this north-western region of Iraq as it sits on the border with Syria, while Turkey wants the region free of the outlawed PKK.
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 28/04/17 - Mercedes Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain walks in the paddock area. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Lewis Hamilton was left puzzling a 'very odd weekend' after struggling to fourth place in Sunday's Russian Grand Prix while Mercedes teammate Valtteri Bottas celebrated his first Formula One victory.
"I can't explain it right now," the Briton, still second in the world championship but now 13 points behind Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, told reporters.
"We'll do some work over this week to fully understand it. I have some feelings about how it (the car) felt in the race and qualifying, I have some ideas. Lots of work will be done to figure it out."
Hamilton arrived in Sochi as a two-times winner at the Olympic Park street circuit, a track where only his Mercedes team had won since the first race there in 2014, but he struggled to find his rhythm.
Bottas, who had largely the same set-up, was consistently quicker and out-qualified him for third place on the starting grid behind the two Ferraris.
While Bottas made a scorching start to seize the lead into the first corner, the triple world champion was feeling the heat.
"Why is my car overheating?" he asked at one point. "I'm out of the race (to win) now," he added, with about two-thirds of the distance remaining.
Hamilton, whose bid for a fourth title last season was wrecked by reliability issues, finished 36 seconds behind the winner.
It was the first time that he had finished off the podium since Malaysia in October 2016, when his engine expired while he was leading the race in what was ultimately a championship-deciding blow.
"In the race I had overheating but I think I could have kept up with the guys ahead but I should have been further up with better pace in general," he said. "And that was lacking from Saturday onwards.
"From probably lap five onwards I had to just slow down and stay in fourth (place). A lot of turning down of the settings and (power) unit and then one of the cylinders was cutting because of the temperature issue.
"So I was going to be fourth from very early on."
Team boss Toto Wolff said Mercedes had not been able to give Hamilton the car he needed.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - GLOBAL TELECOM HOLDING:
* EXTENDS TERM OF EXISTING $200 MILLION UNSECURED SHORT-TERM LOAN AGREEMENT WITH CITI AND ING BANK FROM DEC 15 2017 UNTIL JUNE 15 2018 Source: (bit.ly/2iMjLuW) Further company coverage: )
A homeless man in Cambridge, who saw a student set fire to £20, has told Heart the 18-year-old "deserves to be kicked out of University."
The man, who sits in Bridge Street, and who didn't want to give his name, said he couldn't understand what drove the young man to do it.
He also claimed he's seen him do it before, with a £10 note.
Asked if the student should be made to volunteer in a homeless shelter, the man told us that wouldn't work.
He said: "He won't learn from that. He wants something that's going to punish him properly.
"If he's evicted from Uni, he can't carry on his education. So, whatever he's trying to aim for, he'll fail because of what he's done.
"If you put him in a homeless shelter, it won't teach him anything. He'll probably do it again."
A petition to kick the law student out of Cambridge University is approaching 24,000 signatures.
It was started by Matthew Newman, who told Heart he thought the video appearing to show a £20 being set on fire was a "practical joke" at first.
Matt added: "When I realised it wasn't a joke, I was absolutely fuming. I was so angry.
"I couldn't believe a student, especially one from Cambridge University, would do that. Not in front of someone who's homeless and has nothing."
A fundraising website's also been started by Matthew, to raise money for Cambridge's homeless hostels like Jimmy's Night Shelter.
In a statement to Heart, the University of Cambridge say they're aware of an incident earlier this month and it has been referred on to the University's Disciplinary process.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
Brazil's Industry and Foreign Trade Minister Marcos Pereira speaks with Brazil's President Michel Temer during a ceremony at the Planalto Palace, in Brasilia, Brazil April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Brazil's senator Romero Juca, gestures during a ceremony with Brasil's president Michel Temer at the Planalto Palace, in Brasilia, Brazil April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Brazil's Industry and Foreign Trade Minister Marcos Pereira speaks with Brazil's President Michel Temer during a ceremony at the Planalto Palace, in Brasilia, Brazil April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
An employee sweeps after a ceremony with Brazil's president Michel Temer at the Planalto Palace, in Brasilia, Brazil April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
Brazil's President Michel Temer looks on during a ceremony at the Planalto Palace, in Brasilia, Brazil April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Ueslei Marcelino
BRASILIA Brazil's President Michel Temer urged lawmakers on Wednesday to push ahead with business as usual, a day after a Supreme Court justice ordered corruption probes into 98 politicians, including leading legislators and a third of his cabinet.
Temer avoided commenting on the unprecedented wave of investigations triggered by plea bargain testimony from executives at engineering group Odebrecht, but he made clear the government was committed to implementing its ambitious reform agenda, which includes an overhaul of Brazil's creaking pension system.
"We can never paralyse the government," Temer said at an event in the capital Brasilia. "If we aren't careful, it will seem Brazil's institutions don't work, which is not the case."
The investigation of eight government ministers, the heads of both chambers of Congress and dozens of senior lawmakers is the greatest challenge to date for Temer, an unpopular president struggling to stabilise Brazil's debt and end a deep recession.
The president has said he will suspend any ministers charged with corruption, but it may take months before prosecutors bring charges, given the stack of new cases landing on their desks.
That may give Temer enough time to pass reforms.
According to analysts at political consultancy Eurasia Group, the probes are likely to delay rather than derail Temer's pension overhaul, a cornerstone of the programme he is pushing through Congress to shore up government accounts.
Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles told Reuters in a phone interview on Wednesday that he continues to expect the reform to be approved in the first half of the year and that even if it were to slip to August it would not be a "huge drama."
Brazil's benchmark Bovespa stock index slipped 0.5 percent on Wednesday morning before paring losses to 0.2 percent, while the local currency was little changed against the U.S. dollar.
2018 ELECTION
The largest fallout may be experienced during next year's election, with major parties seemingly without many untarnished names to put forward as candidates, increasing the possibility of a successful run by an outsider.
Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva currently leads polls for the 2018 presidential election and it remains to be seen if further investigations into the former president will dent his popularity.
Supreme Court Justice Luiz Edson Fachin on Tuesday passed to lower courts six investigations into the veteran leftist politician based on testimony from former Odebrecht executives.
Lula, speaking at a Workers Party rally in São Paulo as the list of politicians under investigation became public late on Tuesday, was upbeat. "In all the polls I'm in front," he told the crowd to huge applause.
After more than three years of mounting corruption probes into political kickbacks for contracts at state-run companies, police and prosecutors have jailed dozens of business leaders and convinced many to provide evidence against elected allies.
The probes threaten several of Temer's closest confidants, including chief of staff Eliseu Padilha, who has played a key role in pushing unpopular austerity measures through Congress.
Temer's ministers of foreign affairs, trade and agriculture also are under investigation, as well as former presidents Fernando Henrique Cardoso and Dilma Rousseff, in addition to Lula. All of those under investigation have denied wrongdoing.
Fachin also opened four investigations into the payment of bribes to foreign politicians, opening further avenues for the broadening investigation to pursue. The names of the countries remained under seal.
(Reporting by Silvio Cascione and Ricardo Brito; Writing and additional reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Daniel Flynn and Andrea Ricci)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Dear esteemed readers there is need to stop hate speech in Nigeria.
It is not in anybody's interest.
vanguardngr.com will no longer tolerate hate speech on any of its platforms.
Please cooperate.
FILE PHOTO: Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny attends a hearing after being detained at the protest against corruption and demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, at the Tverskoi court in Moscow, Russia March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Tatyana Makeyeva/File Photo
MOSCOW Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny on Wednesday called on his supporters to hold protest rallies across the country on June 12, which is the annual Russia Day public holiday.
Navalny, who wants to run for president in 2018, was freed earlier this week from jail where he spent 15 days for his role in nationwide protests last month which ended with over 1,000 arrests.
(writing by Denis Pinchuk; editing by Christian Lowe)
A Muslim meat shop owner looks on outside his closed shop in Gurugram, Haryana, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
A Muslim meat shop owner looks on outside his closed shop in Gurugram, Haryana, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
A Muslim looks on outside a closed restaurant in Gurugram, Haryana, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton
MUMBAI/NEW DELHI A crackdown on unlicensed abattoirs in India's most populous state has spread to other states ruled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party, as Hindu hardliners press a political agenda that risks alienating the country's Muslim minority.
The move started after Modi appointed Yogi Adityanath as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh state following the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) landslide victory in elections there this month.
The demands by right-wing Hindu groups to stop the slaughter of cows, considered holy in Hinduism, could stoke communal tensions with Muslims, who dominate the meat industry and make up 14 percent of India's 1.3 billion people. Most of the beef produced in India comes from buffalo rather than cattle.
India's history is pockmarked by horrific Hindu-Muslim communal clashes. In Modi's home state of Gujarat, 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, were killed after a wave of riots in 2002 when he was chief minister. A Supreme Court investigation found no case against Modi, who denied any wrongdoing.
Adityanath ordered the closure of abattoirs operating without licences soon after taking over as chief minister on March 18.
"If it is legal, nobody has a right to stop it. But if it is illegal, why should this be allowed to function? We believe in the rule of the land,” said Rajiv Tuli, media coordinator of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the ideological parent of the BJP.
A senior BJP official also defended the action, saying it was part of the party's election manifesto in Uttar Pradesh and followed through on the stand taken by Modi during 2014 general election campaign, when he spoke out against India increasing meat exports.
"Even Modiji vowed to put an end to pink revolution during the 2014 election campaign, so there is nothing wrong in shutting down illegal shops," the official said, using a term of respect and referring to the modernisation of meat and poultry processing units.
Several other BJP-ruled states, including Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh, have followed suit, ordering closures of abattoirs operating without licences, media and officials said.
On Tuesday, Hindu vigilantes forcibly shut down a KFC outlet in Delhi's satellite city of Gurugram, in the state of Haryana also ruled by the BJP, for selling chicken during the nine-day festival of Navratra when Hindu devotees fast and stay away from meat.
"We have not received any notification from the authorities on limiting operations during the Navratras...," a KFC India spokeswoman said. "We would like to reiterate that KFC has the highest respect for the cultural and religious beliefs of all communities and believe that consumers are free to make choices and decisions."
KFC said its outlets were operating normally in other states.
FEARS OF SHORTAGES
Senior Jharkhand government official K.G. Rahate said authorities were acting against illegal abattoirs keeping in mind "overall issues of public health, hygiene and safety".
Raghubar Das, chief minister of Jharkhand, also issued advertisements in local papers to appeal to meat sellers to follow his government's instructions.
In Rajasthan, 16 illegal slaughterhouses were shut down last week, a government official said.
The closures have led to fears of meat shortages and disruption of exports of buffalo beef and other meat products.
The move by a number of state governments has led to "a huge sense of apprehension in the minority section," said Neerja Chowdhury, a political commentator.
"The debate is beyond legal and illegal. Only recently cow vigilante groups have burned down slaughter houses, creating an environment of insecurity," Chowdhury said, referring to a series of attacks in Uttar Pradesh.
After his landslide victory in Uttar Pradesh, Adityanath should have adopted a more inclusive approach, she said.
India is one of the largest exporters of buffalo meat, selling $4 billion worth of beef in the 2015/16 fiscal year. Its biggest buyers included Vietnam, Malaysia and Egypt.
Uttar Pradesh is the biggest producer of buffalo meat in the country, and exporters said the latest crackdown will hurt business.
"Right now everyone is very scared because they don't know whether what they are doing will be termed as legal or illegal," said Priya Sud, partner at Al Noor Exports, which operates slaughter houses in Uttar Pradesh.
Muslims working in the meat industry are fearful for their jobs and meat sellers in Uttar Pradesh have gone on strike in protest.
Abdul Faheem Qureshi, president of the Muslim All India Jamiatul Quresh Action Committee that represents the cause of meat sellers, said his organisation was considering legal action.
"Even we respect Hindu sentiments and are against cow slaughter," Qureshi said. "But this is being carried out only for political gains."
Opposition Congress party member and spokesman Manish Tewari said slaughterhouse owners must seek legal recourse.
"Supply of all kinds of meat has been disrupted due to the new rules," said Iqbal Qureshi, president of the Meat Murga Vyapar Kalyan Samiti, a meat sellers' group in Uttar Pradesh.
"Restaurants don't have enough meat to serve."
(Additional reporting by Jatindra Dash in BHUBANESWAR, Rupam Nair, Krishna N. Das and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Nick Macfie)
Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market 2017, presents a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Thermal Insulation Coatings market globally, providing basic overview of Thermal Insulation Coatings market including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure, Thermal Insulation Coatings Market report provides development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. Thermal Insulation Coatings market size, share and end users are analyzed as well as segment markets by types, applications and companies.
Global market research report of Thermal Insulation Coatings 2017 mainly focuses on Production, means the output of Thermal Insulation Coatings and Revenue, means the sales value of Thermal Insulation Coatings in market. Thermal Insulation Coatings market research report studies Thermal Insulation Coatings in Global market, Thermal Insulation Coatings market report gives detail analysis of regions especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. Global Thermal Insulation Coatings market report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with their Business perspective which consist of Thermal Insulation Coatings capacity, production, price, revenue and Thermal Insulation Coatings market share for each manufacturer.
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/23083/request-sample
Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Research Report 2017 Covers the following Manufacturers.
Mascost
Lincoln Industries
Industrial Nanotech
Tenaris
Protek Asia
LizardSkin
Oerlikon
Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market segments by Regions, Thermal Insulation Coatings market report splits Global into several key Regions, with Thermal Insulation Coatings production, Thermal Insulation Coatings consumption, Thermal Insulation Coatings revenue, Thermal Insulation Coatings market share and growth rate of Thermal Insulation Coatings in these regions, from 2011 to 2021. Thermal Insulation Coatings Market report split by Product type and Application, with Thermal Insulation Coatings production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, according to Application Thermal Insulation Coatings Market report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Thermal Insulation Coatings in each application.
Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Research Report Split by Type
Thermal Insulation Coating
Type II
Type III
Access Full Report @ http://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-temperature-controllers-market-research-report-2017-28410.html
Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Research Report Split by Application
Aerospace
Subsea
Agriculture
Heavy trucking
Automotive
Marine
Defense
Oil and gas
Table of Contents
Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Research Report 2017
1 Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Overview
2 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Competition by Manufacturers
3 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2017-2022)
4 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2017-2022)
5 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type
6 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Analysis by Application
7 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis
8 Thermal Insulation Coatings Manufacturing Cost Analysis
9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers
10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders
11 Market Effect Factors Analysis
12 Global Thermal Insulation Coatings Market Forecast (2017-2022)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
Contact Us
Mark Stone
Sales Manager
Phone: (201) 465-4211
Email: sales@fiormarkets.com
Web: www.fiormarkets.com
SWEET AS: Betty Mooney was born in Mount Perry and heads back every year for the annual show.
SHE has tasted thousands of jams over the years but the sweet, fruity flavour is something Betty Mooney will never get sick of.
The Bundy woman has strong ties with the Mount Perry Show and is gearing up her tastebuds again for this weekend's festivities as show society steward for the 48th time.
"I started in the cake section where my mother worked,” she said.
"I then stepped in as steward for the jams, chutneys, pickles and sauces and have been doing it ever since.
"I have to be there for when people bring their entries in. I ticket them and document them.
"I am there on show day with the judge and bring out every bottle for tasting and I get little bits to taste here and there.”
Going on 90 in May, Mrs Mooney still makes the trip from Bundaberg to Mount Perry every year to support the community where she grew up.
The region holds a special place in her heart.
"I love Mount Perry because I was born there,” she said.
"The nurses didn't think I was going to live so they immediately got the minister in to christen me.
"A couple of the matrons came to see me years later and said 'oh we have to see the baby who was supposed to die but didn't'.”
Mrs Mooney said she had come across a wide variety of flavours over the years, with some added little surprises along the way.
"Some of the older competitors cook their jams when the fruit is in season and then forget about it for months,” she said.
"By the time they get to us, they have blue mould on the top!”
"My favourite jams by far would be lemon butter and passionfruit butter because they are just so yummy and moreish.”
Her top tips for anyone wanting to enter jams, chutneys, pickles or sauces were originality and fine flavour.
"You have to have good colour and texture and the setting needs to be correct,” Mrs Mooney said.
"It also needs to taste delicious.”
Mrs Mooney said she planned to continue her role at the Mount Perry Show for "as long as I am able”.
"One of the committee members said I have to reach 50 years before I get long service,” she laughed.
MOUNT PERRY SHOW PROGRAM
The Mount Perry Show is on this Saturday from 7am at the Mount Perry Showgrounds.
7am: Cutting Events (rodeo arena)
8am: Working Cattle Dog Trial (main ring)
9am: Team Penning (rodeo arena)
9am: Ring No 2 Events (main ring)
9am: Champion Dog Show (dog ring behind centre car parking area)
9am: Pavilion Closed For Judging
9.30am: Stud Cattle Judging (young judges follow)
9.30am: Prime Cattle Judging (young judges follow)
10am: Sashing Miss Showgirl (secretary's office)
10am: Woodchop
10am: Hacks and showjumping (main ring)
11.30am: Pavilion opens for viewing
Noon: Events halt for Clive Wallace dedication (stage near secretary's office)
1pm: Prime Cattle prize presentations (secretary's office)
2pm: Knitting Competition (bar area)
3pm: Sporting events (main ring)
About 5pm: Australian Rooftop Express, barbecue and bar, music and night woodchop
8pm: Fireworks
Commuters travelling from Corby, Kettering and Wellingborough to Bedford or Luton during peak times will be forced to use a coach service until 2020.
The changes, which will come into force on May 20 next year, will see an hourly bus service run from Wellingborough to Bedford, with southbound trains which arrive in London between 7am and 10am no longer stopping at Bedford or Luton.
In the evening peak time rush, no trains leaving St Pancras between 4pm and 7pm will stop at Luton or Bedford – meaning people working in those two towns will have to get a coach back to Wellingborough.
Chairman of the Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Rail Action Committee (LANRAC) Christopher Groome said the timetable change was ‘disappointing'.
He said: “I know why they're doing it but I am very disappointed.
“There will be a whole group of passengers that are affected by this.
“Personally I think that travelling by bus and train is not comparable.
“Trains are quicker and far more convenient.”
Commuters travelling from the north to Luton will have to get a bus from Wellingborough to Bedford and then join the Thameslink line to Luton.
Off-peak services and Luton Airport Parkway services will not be affected by the changes.
Ben Foley, from the East Midlands Rail Campaign, said: “It is outrageous for the Government to conduct a consultation, when even before they have finished analysing the results, they implement some of the major changes they pretended to be consulting about.
“Supporters of the East Midlands Rail Campaign will be working hard to make sure the Government doesn't get away with this disgraceful behaviour.
“We will be right behind our campaign members who currently commute into Bedford and Luton from the north each day, who will be really hard hit.”
The changes are being brought about as part of a £7bn upgrade of the Thameslink line which will see more trains needing to operate on the shared network between Bedford and London.
These changes will be in place until the completion of the Midland Main Line upgrade programme in 2020.
Any monthly or annual season ticket holders using the replacement coach service will be eligible for a 50 per cent discount on their season ticket.
Managing director at East Midlands Trains Jake Kelly said: “Major investment is being made to improve the railway in Bedford and the surrounding areas, with the £7bn Thameslink programme and the transformation of the Midland Main Line which will deliver the biggest upgrade of this line in almost 150 years, bringing better journeys for customers and representing an investment of more than £1bn.
“To enable these major projects to be successfully completed, there will have to be some changes to our timetable and we appreciate that this will mean inconvenience for some of our customers.
“Our priority has been to ensure that these customers have alternative transport connections in place with the replacement coach service from Wellingborough and season ticket discounts for those using the coach.
“In the longer term, we will continue to work with the Department for Transport and Network Rail to deliver the improvements needed for the Midland Main Line which will provide greater capacity on the network and therefore enable future timetable improvements.”
Managing director for Network Rail's London North Eastern and East Midlands route Rob McIntosh said: “We are currently carrying out the biggest upgrade of the Midland Main Line since it was first built in 1870 with an investment of more than £1bn that will create a bigger, faster, more reliable network which will bring significant, long term benefits the economies and communities our railway serves.”
A copy of the new timetable will be available during February 2018.
March 31 Shandong Jincheng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to change its name to ShandongJincheng Pharmaceutical Group Co Ltd
* Says to pay cash div yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Wa63hY ; goo.gl/uUlkCS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Detection Technology Oyj:
* ‍OCTOBER-DECEMBER 2017 NET SALES INCREASED BY 17.0% TO EUR 27.5 MILLION (23.5)​
* OCT-DEC OPERATING PROFIT (EBIT) WAS EUR 7.0 MILLION (5.2)
* FY ‍DIVIDEND EUR 0.35 PER SHARE​
* ‍EXPECTS SALES FOR SECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL APPLICATIONS TO INCREASE SLIGHTLY IN 2018​
* ‍PRICE COMPETITION WILL BE TOUGHER IN ALL COMPANY‘S MARKETS IN 2018​
* ‍DETECTION TECHNOLOGY‘S MEDIUM-TERM BUSINESS OUTLOOK IS UNCHANGED​
* ‍IN TERMS OF MEDICAL APPLICATIONS, COMPANY ESTIMATES THAT SALES WILL INCREASE IN FIRST HALF OF 2018​
* ‍IN TERMS OF MEDICAL APPLICATIONS, COMPANY ESTIMATES THAT SALES WILL DECREASE IN SECOND HALF OF YEAR​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 5 SDIPTECH AB (PUBL):
* SDIPTECH AB (PUBL) UPDATES FINANCIAL TARGETS
* GOAL IS BY END OF 2021 TO ACHIEVE EBITA OF SEK 600-800 MILLION
* GOAL IS THAT AVERAGE ANNUAL ORGANIC EBITA GROWTH TO BE 5-10 PERCENT
* GOAL IS TO MAINTAIN AVERAGE ANNUAL RATE OF ACQUISITIONS IN LINE WITH IN 2016
* SAYS GOAL IS IN ADDITION TO ANNUAL PREFERENCE SHARE DIVIDEND OF SEK 8.00 PER SHARE TO REINVEST REMAINING FREE CASH BACK INTO BUSINESS
* LONG-TERM GOAL IS THAT NET DEBT IN RELATION TO ADJUSTED TWELVE MONTHS EBITDA NOT TO EXCEED 2.5 TIMES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Once an absentee first lady, Melania Trump embraced her moment in the spotlight Tuesday for the French president's state visit, ditching her trademark dark sunglasses and shining in a look-at-me white skirt suit and matching hat.
All eyes will again be on the former model Tuesday evening when she steps out in a designer gown to greet Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, as they arrive for the first state dinner of Trump's administration. The gown reveal is typically a highlight of any White House state dinner.
But for once, the gown may end up in a supporting role. To that hat.
Mrs. Trump wore the stylish belted suit with her broad-brimmed chapeau for her public appearances throughout the day, including on a brief outing to the National Gallery of Art with Mrs. Macron to view an exhibit of works by French painter Paul Cezanne.
Advertisement
The hat stayed atop her head as she returned to the White House and took her front-row seat in the East Room for the president's joint news conference with Macron. It bobbed up and down across the bottom of television screens as she entered the room and again as she rose to leave, spawning many a Twitter meme.
The hat was designed by Herve Pierre, the first lady's French-born stylist, according to Mrs. Trump's office.
"Designing is too big a word for a hat that classical," Pierre texted The Associated Press.
The skirt suit was a creation of Michael Kors, a designer the first lady has worn in the past.
Mrs. Trump was largely absent from Washington during the first six months of the administration, opting to continue living full time at the family's Trump Tower penthouse in New York City so their now-12-year-old son, Barron, wouldn't have to change schools in the middle of the year.
She was rarely seen — and even more rarely heard — during those months, even after she finally moved to Washington last June.
But she seems to be trying to change that, even pushing back publicly against her critics. She recently convened a White House discussion on cyberbullying, an issue she identified as her platform despite her husband's penchant for belittling and berating his foes on Twitter. She acknowledged that people were skeptical of her commitment to curb cyberbullying but said it would not stop her from doing what she believes is right: helping children and the next generation.
Mrs. Trump's white outfit Tuesday recalled another high-profile occasion, the president's first State of the Union address, when the first lady wore a white pantsuit. Trump gave the speech shortly after news broke earlier this year that his personal attorney had paid adult-film star Stormy Daniels $130,000 just before the 2016 presidential election to keep quiet about a sexual encounter Trump says didn't happen.
Inquiring minds wondered what kind of statement the first lady sought to make with her attire.
Her first state dinner seems to be another area where she is aiming to make a statement. The White House stressed that Mrs. Trump, who planned her 2005 wedding, had a hand in every detail of what is the social denouement of Macron's visit. She released a brief video showing her working on the details with her staff, including the menu and the cream-and-gold table settings.
Clearly in her comfort zone, Mrs. Trump was seen exchanging pleasantries in French with members of Macron's delegation during the outdoor arrival ceremony. Her Louboutin stilettos also paid homage to the colors of the French flag with their trademark red sole, towering white heel and blue body.
About 130 guests, seated at round candle-lit tables decorated with bouquets of white flowers, will dine on rack of lamb and nectarine tart served on a mix of china settings from the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush. After-dinner entertainment will be courtesy of the Washington National Opera
State dinner tickets are highly sought after by Washington's political and business elite and the rather small guest list, compared to the hundreds of guests who came to some of President Barack Obama's dinners, gives Tuesday night's soiree a more exclusive feel. Among those expected to attend are: Christine Lagarde, head of the International Monetary Fund and a former top French government official; House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis.; Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and his wife, Louise Linton; and CIA Director Mike Pompeo, Trump's choice to be the next secretary of state.
In a break with tradition, Trump excluded congressional Democrats and journalists, said a White House official who was not authorized to discuss the arrangements publicly. But some Democrats did make the cut, including Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards, whose office confirmed his attendance.
___
Associated Press writer Thomas Adamson in Paris contributed to this report.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
SEOUL, March 30 South Korean steelmaker POSCO said on Thursday it estimated its first-quarter operating profit likely jumped 82 percent, topping analysts' expectations, as rising steel prices outpaced growth in raw material costs.
Disclosing preliminary earnings guidance for the first time, the world's fourth-largest steelmaker said operating profit for January-March was about 1.2 trillion won ($1.07 billion), compared with 659.8 billion won a year ago and a consensus forecast of 816 billion won from 16 analysts' views.
POSCO, which estimated revenue climbed 17 percent to 14.6 trillion won in the period, expects to report final first-quarter numbers next month.
($1 = 1,118.4000 won) (Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)
FILE PHOTO: People participating in an opposition rally are reflected in the glass windows of a building. REUTERS/Christian Veron
Demonstrators rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro carrying a sign that reads 'No more dictatorship' in Caracas, Venezuela, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro carrying a sign that reads 'No more dictatorship' in Caracas, Venezuela, April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS/MARACAIBO, Venezuela Venezuela's opposition was rallying across the nation on Thursday as part of a bid to strain security forces by staging anti-government protests in each of the volatile country's 335 municipalities.
The oil-rich but crisis-shaken South American nation has been convulsed by escalating protests over the last two weeks amid a punishing recession and accusations that Maduro has seized dictatorial powers.
In a worrying sign for Maduro, people in traditionally pro-government slums and low-income areas have blocked streets and lit fires during scattered protests this week. A crowd also broke through a security cordon at a Maduro rally on Tuesday, heckling him and throwing stones while bodyguards scrambled.
Authorities confirmed a fifth person had been killed during protests over the last week, as the opposition pushes an agenda that includes calls for an early presidential election and the freeing of jailed political activists.
Seeing momentum on their side, opposition leaders were urging Venezuelans to keep up the pressure across the country on Thursday in an effort to leave security forces too thinly spread to break up rallies.
Opposition activists accuse police and the National Guard of indiscriminate use of tear gas, including at clinics, and arbitrarily detaining people for simply being within the vicinity of protests.
"This is a struggle of resistance, whose fundamental objective is to wear them out, and see who breaks first," said opposition lawmaker Freddy Guevara in a video posted on Twitter.
"Will it be our desire to fight or theirs to repress? Will it be our desire to have a better Venezuela or theirs to obey the dictatorship?"
The opposition says Maduro made it clear to the world he was a dictator when the Supreme Court in late March assumed the functions of the opposition-led congress.
The court quickly rolled back on the move in the face of an international outcry, but it breathed new life into the fractured opposition movement.
Last week's government move to ban opposition leader Henrique Capriles from holding office for 15 years also fuelled demonstrators' outrage. Capriles was seen as the opposition's best presidential hope in elections scheduled for late next year.
LOW TURNOUT
A tropical downpour hurt turnout at a protest in Caracas on Thursday, with only a few hundred protesters showing up by midday. Some also stayed at home due to fears of clashes, especially with pro-government grassroots groups that the opposition blames for fomenting violence.
Still, a couple hundred protesters were also marching in the sweltering oil hub of Maracaibo near the Colombia border, brandishing signs reading "No to dictatorship!" and waving Venezuelan flags. Small marches also took place in Ciudad Guayana, in the jungle and savannah state of Bolivar, where protesters scrawled "elections now!" on the street.
"Maduro must know we cannot keep going like this," said carpenter Rafael Garcia, 41, who was protesting in the arid province of Paraguana. "I don't want to be here protesting during Easter holidays, but it's worth the effort because what we live through in the next few years depends on this."
Along with planned opposition marches that have dissolved into clashes, there have also been scattered reports of looting and impromptu nighttime protests, with demonstrators sealing off streets with makeshift barricades of trash or burning debris.
Maduro has drawn parallels between his own situation and that of his populist predecessor - the late Hugo Chavez - during a short-lived coup in 2002. He has also warned that an opposition government would slash social benefits like healthcare for the poor and subsidized food.
The opposition has responded that any social advances made under Chavez have been wiped out by an economic crisis that has brought widespread shortages of food and medicine.
Major anti-government protests in 2014 eventually fizzled out. But many Venezuelans are now geared up for next Wednesday when opposition leaders say they will stage an anti-government protest dubbed the "Mother of all Marches."
(Additional reporting by Efrain Otero in Caracas, Anggy Polanco in San Cristobal, Mircely Guanipa in Punto Fijo, and Maria Ramirez in Ciudad Guayana; Writing by Alexandra Ulmer; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Tom Brown)
* Osram raises forecast for FY comp revenues, EBITDA margin
* Now sees revs up 7-9 pct vs previous forecast for 5-7 pct
* Sees adj EBITDA margin of 16.5-17.5 pct vs more than 16 pct
* Q2 revs up 9.7 pct, EBITDA margin at 17.4 pct
* Shares rise almost 3 pct, hit record high (Adds revenue figures, shares, background)
FRANKFURT, May 2 German lighting group Osram hiked its guidance on Tuesday for its financial year to September and reported a 10 percent rise in revenues in its second quarter, pushing its shares to a record high.
The Munich-based group said it now expected its revenues to grow by 7 to 9 percent on a comparable basis in its full fiscal year through the end of September, compared with previous guidance of 5 to 7 percent.
Its margin on adjusted earnings, before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA), or core profit, should come to between 16.5 an 17.5 percent, up from a previous forecast of at least 16 percent, it said in a statement.
The group reported fiscal second-quarter revenues that were up nearly 10 percent at 1.05 billion euros ($1.2 billion), beating analyst consensus for 1.02 billion in a Reuters poll. Its underlying operating margin came to 17.4 percent.
Shares in Osram, which have gained around a quarter so far this year, rose by nearly 3 percent to a record level of 63.30 euros in afternoon trade.
The group had dismayed many of its investors when it announced in 2015 a billion-euro investment in a new light-emitting diode (LED) semiconductor plant in Malaysia. But it has seen strong demand, for instance, for infrared LEDs used for applications including iris scanning and driver assistance.
Osram, 17-percent owned by its former parent Siemens , is due to publish preliminary results on Wednesday and its full quarterly report on May 12.
($1 = 0.9168 euros) (Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Harro ten Wolde and Edmund Blair)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Woman, 37, found unresponsive in home early on March 15; taken to hospital where she died
The Vernon-North Okanagan RCMP General Investigative Section (GIS) has taken lead of a sudden death investigation after a 37-year-old woman was found unresponsive in her Vernon home.
Police were notified in the early hours of March 15 that the woman was taken to hospital from her residence on Cordon Place, near The Rise Golf Course. She subsequently died at VJH.
“Due to the circumstances, investigators are now looking into the matter to determine if foul play was involved in her death,” said RCMP spokesperson Const. Kelly Brett.
RCMP were still at the home as of Monday as the investigation is ongoing.
“There is no risk to the public,” said Brett.
No further information is being released at this time.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@saobserver.net.
@VernonNews
newstips@vernonmorningstar.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hella:
* DGAP-NEWS: HELLA GMBH & CO. KGAA: HELLA‘S MANAGEMENT BOARD NEWLY ARRANGED TO SET PATH FOR THE FUTURE
* CEO CONTRACT FOR DR. ROLF BREIDENBACH EXTENDED FOR FIVE MORE YEARS
* MARKUS BANNERT AND DR. MATTHIAS SCHÖLLMANN WILL LEAVE MANAGEMENT BOARD
* ‍CEO CONTRACT FOR DR. ROLF BREIDENBACH EXTENDED FOR FIVE MORE YEARS​
* ‍DR. BREIDENBACH TAKES OVER MANAGEMENT OF AUTOMOTIVE SEGMENT​
* ‍FRANK HUBER TO BECOME DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR OF LIGHTING BUSINESS DIVISION​
* ‍MARKUS BANNERT AND DR. MATTHIAS SCHÖLLMANN WILL LEAVE MANAGEMENT BOARD​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Kimball Electronics Inc
* Kimball Electronics, Inc announces appointment of director Gregory Thaxton
* Kimball Electronics Inc - Thaxton will also serve on audit committee of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DHAKA, April 10 Bangladesh Petroleum Corp (BPC) has floated an international tender to sell 170,000 barrels of naphtha for May 11-13 loading from Chittagong, according to the tender document.
The tender will close on April 24 with validity up to May 2.
In February, state-owned BPC sold a cargo of the same size to oil trading giant Vitol at a discount of 17 cents to Singapore quotes.
Bangladesh's sole Eastern Refinery, which has a capacity of 33,000 barrels per day, produces 1.26 million barrels of naphtha a year.
BPC imports 600,000 tonnes of Murban crude from Abu Dhabi National Oil Co and another 600,000 tonnes of Arab Light from Saudi Aramco annually for the refinery.
(Reporting by Ruma Paul; Editing by Sunil Nair)
March 29Guangdong Tonze Electric Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 330 percent to 380 percent, or to be 73.2 million yuan to 81.7 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 17.0 million yuan
* The reasons for the forecast are good operation performance and contribution from subsidiary
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Ivme14
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Motorists are being warned of havoc on the roads - with snow and ice causing treacherous driving conditions at the start of the working week.
More than 12 inches of snow blanketed parts of the UK and temperatures are expected to drop as low as -12C (10.4F) overnight.
Birmingham has been hit by six inches of the white stuff over the weekend, but no further flurries are expected - yet.
The city has been bombarded during the snow bomb, but what does the forecast look like looking forward to Christmas?
Many are dreaming of a snow-covered Christmas Day, but is this likely?
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
The country's last white Christmas was in 2010, when snow or sleet fell at 19 per cent of stations, according to the Met Office.
The odds of a white Christmas in Birmingham have been slashed to just 5/1.
The city is now 5/1 to experience the white stuff on December 25, giving it as much chance as Belfast.
The odds were slashed by bookmakers as a blanket of snow covers the UK after an Arctic Blast swept across Britain.
Temperatures have dipped below freezing in Birmingham - and forecasters say they feel as low as -5C.
In terms of the odds, Scotland would appear to have the most chance of enjoying snow at Christmas.
Dundee and Glasgow boast odds of 15/8 and 2/1 respectively.
Manchester and London, meanwhile, have 9/4 and 5/2 odds.
Katie Baylis, Betfair spokesman, said: “With snow hitting parts of the UK today, including London, we've seen the odds of a White Christmas slashed.
“The last widespread White Christmas was back in 2010, but as the big freeze strikes the UK, the odds of snow on Christmas Day are continuing to shorten with London now 5/2 from 4/1 just days ago, Manchester at 9/4 and Glasgow at 2/1.
“We'll certainly be watching those long range forecasts very closely over the next week or so, which could see those odds tumble even more.”
March 31 The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* Online retailer AO World Plc raised 50 million pounds ($62 million) to underpin its balance sheet by selling new shares at less than half the price the shares floated at about three years ago. bit.ly/2nFwaUt
* JPMorgan Chase & Co is in talks to buy a Dublin office building as one of its strategies to cope with Brexit, while Citigroup Inc has warned staff to brace for a "hard" departure. bit.ly/2nFdWCK
The Guardian
* Managing Director Paula Nickolds of John Lewis Plc , Britain's largest department store operator, has warned of more job cuts this year and possible price rises as she said shoppers' behaviour was changing "profoundly and fast." bit.ly/2nkTYcU
* HSBC Holdings Plc is to offer its transgender community a choice of 10 new gender-neutral titles as part of its plan to improve the banking experience for customers. bit.ly/2ofYs9E
The Telegraph
* Britain has begun to take back control from Brussels as Brexit minister David Davis announced that the first European Union law to be scrapped after Brexit will be a charter that helps criminals avoid deportation. bit.ly/2oEuXdH
* Two days after Prime Minister Theresa May wrote to Brussels announcing UK's formal withdrawal from the EU, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon penned a letter demanding May give Scotland a referendum vote. bit.ly/2oECvgI
Sky News
* The Bank of England is consulting on the additives used to produce its polymer banknotes after criticism of the use of animal fat in the new five-pound notes. bit.ly/2nnhpmN
* Chief Executive Joe Kaeser of Siemens AG has told Sky News that he is "confident and optimistic" that Britain will "find its way" through the turbulence of Brexit. bit.ly/2noTOlu
The Independent
* Major international technology firms have announced that they will set up a cross-industry forum to tackle online extremist propaganda following a crunch meeting with Home Secretary Amber Rudd. ind.pn/2omkhkX (Compiled by Kanishka Singh in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)
By Scott T. Sterling
Sam Smith has announced that his new album The Thrill Of It All will be released on November 3.
The announcement was coupled with the release of a new single, “Pray.” The song is mid-paced and emotive, matching Smith's powerful vocals with piano and a sparse beat, and gradually blossoming with a background choir, strings and guitar. “Pray” was produced by Timbaland.
The singer also announced a large run of North American tour dates for 2018.
Related: Sam Smith Shares Emotional ‘Too Good at Goodbyes' Video
Smith recently sat with Radio.com to discuss the new album.
“It's a diary, but not just about me, the singer said. “It's my thoughts and feelings on my family, fame, the world, all these different things. It's still a diary just attacked it from a different angle.”
Sam also opened up about the role his family played in the making of his sophomore effort.
“My family have been a part of every single moment of this record, I live with my sister so every time I come back from the studio, I play her everything I've made,” he said. “I sat with my mom and dad this time a lot and actually my mom throws amazing dinner parties and I would go over their house and we'd all crack open a bottle of wine and we'd sit round the table and I'd play them stuff. They're actually really honest with me and when they're not feeling something they'll let me know, and I'll disagree with them.”
“My dad hated, “Stay with Me” I remember when I played it for him he absolutely hated it, so they're very honest,” he continued.
“Some of my family's stories have made it into the album so, which, it's an amazing thing. The relationships my family have been in have inspired songs so it's also their diary now as well.”
Sam Smith is set to perform at this year's We Can Survive concert, set for Oct. 21 at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. Smith will appear alongside Alessia Cara, Harry Styles, Kesha, Khalid, Lorde, Macklemore, P!nk and Sam Hunt.
Check out “Pray” and the full tracklisting for The Thrill Of It All below.
The Thrill Of It All – Standard Track Listing
Too Good At Goodbyes
Say It First
One Last Song
Midnight Train
Burning
Him
Baby, You Make Me Crazy
No Peace (feat. YEBBA)
Palace
Pray
U.S. Deluxe Edition also includes:
Nothing Left For You
The Thrill Of It All
Scars
One Day At A Time
The Thrill Of It All Tour – 2018 North American Dates
6/18 – Toronto, ON @ Air Canada Centre
6/19 – Montreal, QC @ Bell Centre
6/22 – Detroit, MI Little @ Caesars Arena
6/23 – Columbus, OH @ Nationwide Arena
6/26 – Boston, MA @ TD Garden
6/27 – Brooklyn, @ NY Barclays Center
6/29 – New York, NY @ Madison Square Garden
7/3 – Washington, DC @ Capital One Arena
7/4 – Philadelphia, PA @ Wells Fargo Center
7/6 – Charlotte, NC @ Spectrum Center
7/7 – Nashville, TN @ Bridgestone Arena
7/10 – Duluth, GA @ Infinite Energy Center
7/11 – Orlando, FL @ Amway Center
7/13 – Tampa, FL @ Amalie Arena
7/14 – Miami, FL @ AmericanAirlines Arena
7/17 – New Orleans, LA @ Smoothie King Center
7/18 – Houston, TX @ Toyota Center
7/20 – Dallas, TX @ American Airlines Center
7/21 – Austin, TX @ Frank Erwin Center
7/25 – Monterrey, MEX @ Arena Monterrey
7/27 – Mexico City, MEX @ Palacio de los Deportes
8/14 – Saint Paul, MN @ Xcel Energy Center
8/15 – Chicago, IL @ United Center
8/17 – St. Louis, MO @ Chaifetz Arena
8/18 – Kansas City, MO @ Sprint Center
8/21 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center
8/22 – Salt Lake City, UT @ Vivint Smart Home Arena
8/24 – Sacramento, CA @ Golden 1 Center
8/28 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/29 – Los Angeles, CA @ STAPLES Center
8/31 – Glendale, AZ @Gila River Arena
9/1 – San Diego, CA @ Valley View Casino Center
9/4 – Oakland, CA @ Oracle Arena
9/5 – San Jose, CA @ SAP Center
9/7 – Portland, OR @ Moda Center
9/8 – Seattle, WA @ KeyArena
9/10 – Vancouver, BC @ Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena
9/12 – Edmonton, AB @ Rogers Place
9/13 – Calgary, AB @ Scotiabank Saddledome
* More than half a million tonnes booked Europe-U.S.
* Stocks of gasoline, light ends slide in ARA - Genscape
* More bookings could follow in May
* Genscape stock figures: reut.rs/2nHd0KS (Adds graphic)
By Ron Bousso and Libby George
LONDON, April 6 Traders are shipping more gasoline from Europe to the U.S. East Coast ahead of the summer driving season as a steady reduction in inventories there props up prices.
At least 16 tankers carrying some 600,000 tonnes of gasoline blending components including naphtha have been booked in recent days by traders including Glencore, ExxonMobil, Mercuria, Repsol and Total, shipping data shows.
That compared with an average of around 300,000 tonnes per week booked throughout March. The exports are helping to clear Europe's tanks of oil products and boosting profits for refining gasoline from just under $6 per barrel at the end of March to more than $13 per barrel on Thursday.
"Europe looks better and better all the time," one oil trader said. "Demand is good and stocks are drawing."
Benchmark U.S. East Coast gasoline refining margins have steadily risen in recent weeks as stocks in the region are gradually reduced, even though they remain seasonally high.
However, because much of the gasoline in storage was winter grade it can no longer be used as the market shifts to summer quality.
The New York Harbor has traditionally been a major destination for European gasoline, which is produced in excess of the region's demand. But the arbitrage from Europe was closed for weeks, leading to building stocks, including in tankers waiting for a chance to sail to other markets.
The exports, along with some 2.2 million tonnes of clean products booked to sail to West Africa in March, have helped clear stock levels in the Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp hub.
Gasoline, blending component and naphtha stocks in the region fell by more than 6 percent in the week to March 31, according to industry monitor Genscape, to 2.9 million tonnes.
There are millions of tonnes yet to clear from Europe, and while one tanker with stored gasoline, the Hamburg Star, had set sail for the United States, several others filled weeks ago were still floating offshore ARA, including the Hafnia Europe, the Amorea and the Clio.
New York Harbor demand is expected to remain strong as Latin America, particularly Venezuela, pulls in more gasoline from the U.S. Gulf Coast and space on the Colonial pipeline - the key artery from the refining hub to the East Coast -- remains limited.
While the April arbitrage is only narrowly open, one U.S. broker said the economics looked far better in May, meaning there could be more bookings to come.
(Additional reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Jarrett Renshaw in New York; editing by Alexander Smith)
UPDATE 4-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced his retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* U.S. non-farm payrolls data beat expectations * Palladium on track for biggest weekly drop since Sept * GRAPHIC-2018 asset returns: tmsnrt.rs/2jvdmXl (Releads, updates throughout, adds comment) By Jan Harvey LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Gold fell 1 percent on Friday in the wake of stronger than expected U.S. non-farm payrolls data which shored up expectations that the Federal Reserve will press ahead with interest rate hikes this year. That drove the dollar higher against a currency basket, putting it on track for its biggest one-day rise since late October, pressuring gold, which is priced in the U.S. unit. Spot gold was down 1 percent at $1,334.95 an ounce at 1420 GMT, while U.S. gold futures for June delivery were $10.30 an ounce lower at $1,337.60 an ounce. Labor Department data showed U.S. job growth surged in January and wages rose further, posting their largest annual increase in more than 8-1/2 years. That supported expectations that inflation will rise this year. "This should cause rate hike expectations, lift the U.S. dollar and weigh on gold," Commerzbank analyst Carsten Fritsch said. "In particular the wage rise is eye-catching as this could ultimately push core inflation towards the Fed's 2 percent target." "The Fed already raised its inflation view in the statement this week," he said. The U.S. bond market's gauges of inflation expectations added to their earlier rise on Friday and U.S. Treasury yields rose further, with the 10-year hitting a four-year high as the data intensified the current bond market rout. The dollar's bounce put it on course for its first weekly increase in seven weeks, after the currency slid to a three-year low last week. Its weakness was a key factor driving gold to 17-month highs on Jan. 25 at $1,366.07 an ounce. "For gold it is more about the U.S. dollar," ABN Amro analyst Georgette Boele said. "Even if rate hike expectations go up but the U.S. dollar doesn't, gold will perform well." On the physical side of the market, demand improved this week in major consumer India, with jewellers resuming purchases after the government kept import taxes on the metal unchanged. Demand remained subdued in most other centres in Asia. Holdings of the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, New York's SPDR Gold Shares , were on track to decline for the first week in three this week, indicating more subdued investment appetite for the metal. Silver was 1.7 percent lower at $16.94 an ounce, while platinum was down 1 percent at $995.30 and palladium was up 0.6 percent at $1,042.97. After hitting record highs this month, palladium fell to its lowest since Dec. 18 at $1,013.72 on Thursday and is on track for its biggest weekly drop since early September, down 4.4 percent. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman in Bengaluru; Editing by David Evans and Mark Potter)
A woman is seen through the glass while taking pictures of the World Cup trophy, which is on display during a ceremony marking 1,000 days until the beginning of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in central Moscow, Russia, September 18, 2015. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
NEW YORK The United States, Mexico and Canada announced on Monday that they were making a joint bid to host the 2026 World Cup, which the U.S. soccer chief said would produce the biggest financial boon ever for FIFA.
No nation from CONCACAF, the governing body for soccer in North and Central America and the Caribbean, has hosted the tournament since the United States in 1994.
The 2018 World Cup will be in Russia, while Qatar hosts the event in 2022. The bidding process for the 2026 tournament is expected to begin later this year and to run until 2020.
"We announce our bid to bring the World Cup back to the United States, to Canada and Mexico in 2026," U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati told a news conference in the 102nd floor observatory of the World Trade Center in lower Manhattan.
"We look forward to welcoming the world after what we hope is a successful bid."
Gulati said the initial plan was for 60 of the 80 World Cup games to be played in the U.S., with Canada and Mexico hosting 10 each. All matches from the quarter-finals onwards would be in the U.S.
Asked whether Mexico in particular, which hosted the World Cup in 1970 and 1986, wanted to hold more matches, Gulati said: "I think it's safe to say both countries would have liked to host more. In the end, it was a discussion, a negotiation, but a very friendly one."
Following the presentation, Gulati, Mexican federation president Decio de Maria and Canada Soccer Association president Victor Montagliani, who is also CONCACAF president, signed a memorandum of understanding joining forces in the bid.
The CONCACAF region is widely viewed as favourite to win the 2026 World Cup, given FIFA rules that restrict Europe and Asia from hosting again so quickly. FIFA is soccer's world governing body.
Africa, whose only World Cup was in South Africa in 2010, however, would be able to bid and Morocco is the most likely candidate. Newly elected president of the Confederation of African Football (CAF) Ahmad Ahmad has said he would back such an effort.
Some reports have suggested that Morocco, which failed in bids for four previous World Cups, could team up with Spain and possibly Portugal in a joint bid.
But Gulati touted the financial clout of the North American bid.
"A World Cup in North America, with 60 games in the United States will be by far the most successful World Cup in the history of FIFA in terms of economics,” he said.
"We've got 500 million people in these three countries. This will be an extraordinarily successful World Cup on financial and economic grounds."
TRUMP'S BLESSING
As for whether U.S. President Donald Trump's plan for a border wall to stem illegal immigration from Mexico was a hurdle, Gulati said Trump encouraged the bid and that the joint effort required and won support from the governments of all three countries.
"We outlined through someone who was communicating directly with the president what we wanted to do, and the message we got back was that the president encouraged us to go forward ... said he was supportive of it and very pleased that Mexico was a part of it," the U.S. soccer head said.
"To have governmental support is a critical part of a bid."
(Additional reporting by Frank Pingue and Simon Evans; Editing by Andrew Both)
LONDON, April 5 British workers at BMW will hold eight strikes over the next few weeks to oppose plans by the carmaker to close their final salary pensions, beginning with a walkout at the firm's Mini plant and engine facility, Britain's biggest union said.
A total of 93 percent of employees who are members of the Unite union backed strike action last week and up to 3,500 workers at four sites could take part in the action which includes working to rule and a ban on overtime.
Unite said on Wednesday the first strike would take place on April 19 at the German automaker's Hams Hall engine facility near Birmingham, the Mini plant in Oxford and a site in Swindon which makes pressings and parts such as doors and bonnets for the compact car.
In Britain, BMW builds over 210,000 Minis a year in central England, nearly 4,000 luxury Rolls-Royce models at Goodwood in the south and over 250,000 engines at Hams Hall.
BMW, which plans to close two final salary pension schemes and move all staff to a less generous scheme which new starters have been part of since 2014, has said it wants to act now to secure the long-term viability of its pensions. (Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
This story is about Published 1h
It'll take some magical drafting, but come 2020 the Mavs could be the next dominant team in the NBA Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Smiley N. Pool/Staff Photographer Dallas Mavericks forward Harrison Barnes celebrates after making a 3-pointer in front of head coach Rick Carlisle during the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Houston Rockets at American Airlines Center on Friday, Oct. 28, 2016, in Dallas. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
By Tim Cowlishaw , Staff Columnist Contact Tim Cowlishaw on Twitter: @TimCowlishaw
While Cleveland, San Antonio and one or two others ponder the wrong approach -- free-agency plans to catch up to the champion Golden State Warriors, which will prove futile -- the Mavericks are one of about 20 teams standing on the sidelines just patiently trying to improve. And that's actually the best choice. The only way to beat Golden State? It's to be Golden State. We can debate the Warriors' place in history and how they would fare in some computerized matchup with the '90s Bulls or the '80s Showtime Lakers or Celtics. It's fun but irrelevant especially if you're one of the present-day teams that has fallen hopelessly behind the Golden State monster, owner of two titles after winning 67-73-67 games the last three seasons. And the only way to be Golden State, to copy the model that carried this team to an NBA-record 73 wins a year ago even before acquiring Kevin Durant, is to hit home runs with less than optimum draft picks.
Is it in the best interest of the Mavs to be back in the lottery in 2018?
Now if that causes you immediately to raise a skeptical eyebrow regarding the Mavericks and their draft history, I fully understand. My eyebrows are so high I can barely see the computer screen right now. After all, this is a team that made three picks before the Warriors picked Draymond Green at No. 35 in 2012. Jared Cunningham and Bernard James were whiffs. Jae Crowder became a good player ... for the Celtics. But let's put that aside because here's the point that must be made about the Warriors. In 2012, the Miami Heat "Super Team" that LeBron James refuses to call a "Super Team" for some reason won its first title. James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh had slipped up against the Mavs their first year together, but after 2012 the thinking around the league was that this was the first of several championships for the Heat. Turned out to be only the first of two although the Heat went to four straight NBA finals before James broke up the party. But in 2012 when teams were trying to catch up to what Miami had assembled, absolutely no one was betting on the Golden State Warriors as the next team to win a pair of championship rings. The Warriors were 23-43 in that strike-shortened season. Sure, they already had Steph Curry, the No. 7 pick in 2009, but so what? In his first three seasons, Curry never averaged 20 points, he missed 66 games with injuries and his team had not sniffed the playoffs. In other words, the 2012 Warriors were as likely to become the next dynasty as the 2017 Mavericks are today. But in that draft, Golden State added Harrison Barnes (sounds familiar) in the first round, then scored Green with the No. 35 pick. A year later they grabbed Klay Thompson with the No. 11 pick, won 47 games and, as a sixth seed, upset Denver in the first round of the playoffs.
NBA Finals takeaways: What Mavericks can learn from Golden State Warriors
The 2013 Warriors still didn't win as many games as the Brooklyn Nets. But greatness was around the corner. The Mavericks can't bemoan the fact they didn't win the lottery after a 49-loss season. They have the No. 9 pick, and there's no reason that won't turn into a solid player. Oddly enough, the Mavs already have Barnes, who was a solid contributor in these Warriors' first championship and the 73-win season even if he was usually the No. 4 option. Dallas is more likely to need him to be in its top two in coming seasons, and after averaging 19 this season, that seems doable. The question of course: Who will be the No. 1 option? Maybe it's the ninth pick this season, maybe it's a high pick a year from now after the Mavericks miss the playoffs next spring. It's all a long shot and there are a dozen other lottery teams this year hoping to strike gold. If you're a Mavs fan, though, you need to accept that Golden State owns the next two or three seasons. The Warriors' dominance won't last as long as it looks like it could right now because dominance almost never does. But an unsuspecting team will rise up to challenge them by 2020. It could be anybody. If you think the Mavericks are a lousy candidate, you might be right and probably are. Just remember that Golden State wasn't exactly a paragon of drafting excellence when they slugged home runs with the seventh, 11th and 35th picks in three separate drafts to construct the platform that could attract Durant and create a monster. Twitter: @TimCowlishaw
OSLO, April 28 Norway's competition authority is investigating whether Carlsberg-owned brewer Ringnes has engaged in anti-competitive practices, the regulator said in a statement on Friday.
The authority said it had searched Ringnes' offices in January to secure evidence, but had not previously disclosed the raid. (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Gwladys Fouche)
FILE PHOTO - A North Korean flag flies on a mast at the Permanent Mission of North Korea in Geneva October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse/File Photo
WASHINGTON A North Korean missile launch on Tuesday was of a liquid-fuelled Scud missile which only travelled a fraction of it's range, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
Initially, the U.S. military said North Korea had tested a KN-15 medium-range ballistic missile.
"We are now certain it was a liquid-fuelled Scud," said a senior White House official, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
"It spun out of control after going only a fraction of its range," the official said.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali and Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
BRIEF-1347 Property Insurance Holdings through unit agrees upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program
* 1347 Property Insurance Holdings- co through unit agreed upon terms of excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance program for 2017 - 2018 treaty year
by
The mission of Women in Need, Inc. (WIN) has expanded over the years and it has supported many initiatives in the county, including the Alley Teen Center from 2007 to 2015, offering tutoring, counseling and after school activities for middle and high school students and activities such as Girl's Circle and Boys Council. The rise of other services for area youth like the Kent County Community Center and the progressive programs like the H.O.Y.A.S. allowed the organization to focus on new endeavors like Project M.E. (Microenterprise Empowerment) providing support and location space for new start up businesses to gain exposure to the region and customers at its downtown location, Finders Keepers.
The van, originally purchased to support the Alley Teen Center and was used for other partnerships such as the Kent Shoreman Basketball team, will be put to use by the H.O.Y.A.S. for travel around the county and for away games throughout the Eastern Shore. It is fitting that it will pass from one youth basketball program to another and we hope it will serve them well as they continue to serve and do good work with the kids of our community. “Our organization is grateful that the citizens of our community and businesses not only appreciate and value what we do as a program, but want to see us grow,” John Queen, founder of Bayside H.O.Y.A.S., Inc.
In addition to the donating to Bayside H.O.Y.A.S, Inc., WIN will also be making its annual contribution of $1,500 to the Samaritan Group Emergency Homeless Shelter program in addition to other planned contributions to HomePorts and other area organizations.
This year WIN will celebrate 20 years serving the Kent County community. For the last 15 years, Karen Dionisio and company have operated the WIN Thrift Store on Philosopher¹s Terrace (next to Dollar General), as the main source of funds used to provided support various programs for those in need. In addition to providing low cost furnishings and goods, the WIN Store also serves the community by providing home essentials to qualifying families for reduced or no cost.
Women In Need, Inc. is a 501(c)3 organization that provides client assistance through programs designed to empower individuals to success. For more information contact their administrative office at 410-778-3844 or email: info@win-foundation.org. Donations to the store are accepted Thursday thru Saturday during business hours.
April 3 Healthscope Ltd :
* Asx alert-Healthscope announces appointment of new MD and ceo
* Appointment of Gordon Ballantyne as managing director and chief executive officer of Healthscope, effective 15 May 2017
* Gordon Ballantyne to succeed Robert Cooke as healthscope managing director and ceo
* Most recently Ballantyne was group executive of Telstra's domestic retail business
* Cooke will remain available to assist company with a smooth transition to new leadership until april 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BRIEF-SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS ANNOUNCES DISMISSAL OF LAWSUITS
* SORRENTO THERAPEUTICS INC SAYS DISMISSAL OF ALL CLAIMS AGAINST SORRENTO AND ITS DIRECTORS CONTAINED IN LAWSUITS BROUGHT BY WILDCAT LIQUID ALPHA, LLC Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Pep Guardiola has admitted that he made a big mistake not starting Monday's clash against Burnley with Sergio Aguero and David Silva.
Guardiola opted of Nigeria forward Kelechi Iheanacho in place of Aguero as Manchester City struggled to beat Burnley 2-1 and move up to third place in the English Premier League log.
And it was the pair who came off the substitute's bench to salvage another win for the Citizens who had lost 1-0 to Liverpool last Saturday at Anfield.
"Sure it was a big mistake, you are right," Guardiola said when asked during his post-match interview if he regretted leaving the pair on the bench.
The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich gaffer who watched his side notch up their 13th win of the season also queried why the team with more ball possession always gets a player sent off.
Fernandinho was sent off for a two-footed challenge on Johann Berg Gudmundsson. It was his third red card in six games this season.
"We will accept. Like I said before, the team with more ball possession we have always sending off. I have to understand the rules here in England. I know you are specialist but I have to understand it," former Barcelona coach Pep said
"Of course yes. Around the world our keeper in the box is fouled, not here. I have to understand that. Claudio Bravo is fouled."
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
ArchitecTours 2011, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, will feature six projects designed by AIA Santa Barbara architects.
The day will include behind-the-scenes tours of homes with some of the latest sustainable features and ideas for compact living. Other projects include important cultural and commercial Santa Barbara buildings as well as a new contemporary hotel on State Street.
The architects and their construction teams will be on site to discuss the process, describing their design and construction innovations.
Lunch will be included in the day's events, as well as an after party at the Wine Cask, both generously sponsored by Allen Associates. This event is organized by AIA Santa Barbara in honor of its 82nd anniversary and in celebration of excellent local design.
The Carrillo Recreation Center lies in the heart of the city's historic El Pueblo Viejo district and has served as an important community center for the region's citizens since 1914.
The original architect, J. Corbley Pool, designed the building in the Craftsman and Prairie styles; the back patio and loggia were both originally designed by renowned architect Julia Morgan. KBZ Architects' newly renovated facility includes meeting spaces, offices, dance studios and a spring-loaded maple dance floor, which some claim to be one of the best dance floors in Southern California. The renovation preserved the unique historical character of the building while retrofitting the structure from the foundation to the roof.
Hahn Hall is the Music Academy of the West's newly refurbished, principal on-campus recital hall. The renovation by PMSM Architects features improved acoustics and infrastructure for the exquisite 350-seat space.
The Music Academy was founded in 1947 on the property originally purchased in 1915 by Mr. and Mrs. John Percival Jefferson. Designed by architect Reginald Johnson and landscape architect Paul Thiene, the property took on its distinctive Mediterranean elegance. Extensive work with a historian ensured the new additions and restoration were congruent with the historic character of the building and estate.
The Carrillo Street residence was designed by James Gauer and Bildsten + Sherwin Design Studio for a couple who had just moved from New York City, where the attractions to urban life were strong. Satisfied with their small, elegant one-bedroom penthouse apartment in New York, they didn't require much more space than that in Santa Barbara, found a narrow lot in the heart of town and resolved to build. Reversing the traditional scheme, the garage was placed at the front of the lot, the house at the back, creating a courtyard garden between. The loggia connects to the garden — an outdoor room with parterres, gravel walks, olive trees, a fountain and a vine-covered pergola.
Victoria Garden Mews is a downtown Santa Barbara condominium project that represents a new paradigm of urban living: an intentional community built by friends who abandon their suburban homes in favor of a denser, more sustainable lifestyle. Three couples found the property and designed and built custom homes that share a common open space for a community-based lifestyle. They plan to help one another as they “age in place.”
The front house is a renovated 100-year-old Victorian, while the new building behind is Spanish Colonial style, all designed by Thompson Naylor Architects. Because of the buildings and grounds being designed as resource-efficient as possible with green building features, they have achieved LEED Platinum for Homes status.
Two entrepreneurial brothers bought a dated 35-year-old grocery store that has now become La Cumbre Plaza commercial, designed by JM Holliday Associates. One corner of the building is occupied by Hamburger Habit, while the two-story central portion has been converted to offices.
The structure of the existing building was solid, but the exterior skin needed upgrading. A significant portion of the original building material was recycled; the new energy efficient skin utilizes natural materials and colors. As the client desired a contemporary design despite traditional city mandates, the architects and contractor worked to achieve “just the right mix of old and new.”
Located one block from Stearns Wharf and Cabrillo Boulevard, the State House Hotel is adjacent to Entrada de Santa Barbara, a 123-room luxury hotel and timeshare complex in the heart of Santa Barbara's beachfront district. From the exterior, the hotel looks much as it has for years — a classic 1900s masonry hotel façade; the hotel references the past while looking towards the future.
To create a bright spot just off Lower State Street, AB Design Studio revised finishes, exposing brick from beneath layers of paint and modifying storefronts. New signage and lighting attract passersby and give the hotel a distinctive look.
Come learn more about these landmark Santa Barbara buildings, their history and the people who created them this Saturday at your own pace. Lunch and the after party at the Wine Cask are all included. Click here to purchase tickets or for more information.
— Ellen Bildsten is president of AIA Santa Barbara.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
(Adds to banking group)
By Laura Benitez
LONDON, April 3 (IFR) - Anglo American is set to sell its first public bond since it was stripped of its investment-grade status in February 2016 following the capitulation of global commodity prices.
The mining company started marketing a US dollar-denominated benchmark five-year deal at a yield of 4.25%-4.375%, and a US dollar-denominated benchmark 10-year deal at 5.125%-5.25% on Monday.
"It was a matter of time before they came back to the market, but they wanted to wait until sentiment had recovered from last week's volatility," a lead banker said.
Anglo, rated Ba1/BB+, initially held investor calls two weeks ago.
However, bankers on the deal attributed the recent dip in oil prices, which saw Brent futures fall to just above US$50 per barrel on March 22 before recovering to above US$53, and a turn in sentiment in equities - the S&P 500 fell 1.4% in March - as the reason Anglo delayed its market return, as well as the underperformance of peer company Glencore.
Commodity trader Glencore's US$1bn 10-year bond was bid at a wide of 183bp over Treasuries last week, 13bp wider than where it priced on March 21, according to Tradeweb data.
However, that bond has since recovered to a bid of 176bp over Treasuries on Monday afternoon.
THE RETURN
Anglo American's euro bonds lost up to 48 points when its relegation to junk 14 months ago initiated a bout of forced selling from investment-grade accounts.
But its credit profile is looking brighter again. The company was upgraded by Moody's to Ba1 with a positive outlook earlier last month, from Ba2, to reflect its improving credit profile and accelerated debt reduction, the agency said.
S&P also has a positive outlook on its BB+ rating.
Anglo American paper has subsequently recovered strongly. Its €750m 3.25% Apr 2023 bond is bid at a cash price of 106.05, compared with lows of 59 in January 2016, according to Tradeweb.
Anglo American has been de-leveraging its balance sheet since early 2016. In February of that year, it bought back around €1.6bn-equivalent of short-dated euro, sterling and US dollar bonds, which cut its debt pile by US$190m.
Anglo conducted a liability management exercise last month to buy back more of its euro, sterling and US dollar notes in a bid to reduce its net debt.
Citigroup, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and UBS are active bookrunners on today's deals.
BMO, Mizuho, Santander and SMBC are passive bookrunners. (Reporting By Laura Benitez, editing by Sudip Roy and Phillip Wright)
Screenshot: CubeWorks (YouTube)
Hundreds of schools across the U.K. closed today after receiving bomb threats via email. The threats were later discovered to be a hoax tied to a Minecraft server rivalry.
Over 400 institutions were affected, according to the newspaper Express, which reported that many schools evacuated their students upon receiving the emails threatening bombings.The Northumbria Police department later issued a statement confirming the incident was a hoax. “Detectives have looked into the emails - which appear to originate from the US - and can confirm that there is no viable threat,” the department said. Other police departments issued similar statements.
A report by Sky News says the reports were “spoofed” to look like they were coming from VeltPvP, a Minecraft server site, apparently in an attempt to get the site's domain suspended. Sky News also claimed to have spoken to one of the perpetrators of the hoax, who told the outlet they made the threats in retaliation for what they said were DDoS attacks carried out by VeltPvP against other Minecraft sites. Over 24,000 individual emails were sent out as part of the hoax.
A screenshot believed to be of one of the emails sent to schools shows the name of the Minecraft site in the body and includes signature lines in Arabic script. “We have sent in a student with a bomb,” read part of the suspected email. “The bomb is set to go off in 3 hours time. If you do not send $5,000 USD to payments@veltpvp.com.”
Advertisement
VeltPvP told Sky News that the DDoS allegations were “completely false,” and made additional statements on Twitter earlier today denying any involvement in the bomb threats. “We've been being harassed by a group of cyber criminals that are trying to harass us,” it wrote. “We're extremely sorry for anyone who had to deal with this, but just know it's fake.”
While many of the reports about the event have called it the result of a rivalry between Minecraft players, the 17-year-old CEO of VeltPvP, Carson Kalle, told Kotaku via email that it is a one-sided fight. “It's not a feud,” he wrote, saying that he believes the perpetrator is someone who was banned from VeltPvP in the past.
VeltPvP is a server where different Minecraft players go to set up games and compete against one another. It gets about 100,000 users a day according to Kalle, who told the BBC his site's audience consists primarily of minors under the age of 18. Kalle told Sky News this was not the first time he or his site have been targeted for harassment, including swatting attempts.
SYDNEY, April 13 Australia's antitrust regulator said it plans to let two dozen companies in the state of South Australia bargain collectively for electricity purchasing contracts, saying the move would guarantee supply and improve competition.
The country's fifth biggest state, which is heavily dependent on wind and solar energy, was crippled by several power outages last year after heavy winds knocked out an interstate power connector and cut electricity to residents and industry.
The Federal energy minister has since described the state's energy supply as a "basket case" and companies from renewable energy battery maker Tesla Inc to software maker Atlassian Corp Plc have asked to step in to devise a solution.
A "buying group" of 24 miners, winemakers, grocery stores, universities and other companies representing about a sixth of the state's energy consumption has meanwhile said it wants to bargain collectively for power contracts to bring down prices that have been criticised as too high.
On Thursday, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) said it had made a draft determination to waive anti-cartel laws and allow the companies to bargain collectively for 11 years.
"The proposed conduct ... has a real chance of changing the wholesale market dynamics, where it allows existing participants to use existing plant more efficiently, or allowing new entry of electricity generation into South Australia," ACCC Chairman Rod Sims said in a statement.
"The tender may provide further competition benefits by combining demand and increasing the participants' bargaining power in the retail supply of energy contracts."
The South Australian Chamber of Mines and Energy (SACOME), which applied for the exemption on behalf of the 24 companies, said the draft ruling "means we can now go out and talk to electricity suppliers about options to take the pressure off some of the most important businesses in this state".
SACOME said it expects the regulator to give its final decision in June.
(Reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Joseph Radford)
March 30 Hawesko Holding AG:
* Said on Wednesday proposed dividend of 1.30 euros ($1.40) per share for FY 2016
* Says preliminary results confirmed
* FY consolidated net income after deductions for taxes and non-controlling interests, adjusted for non-recurring items, amounted to 19.5 million euros (2015: 17.5 million euros)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9299 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
MAJESTIC TREE: Landcare President Mike Johnson is concerned about the 400 year old tree being cleared by the SDA at Port Bundaberg.
MAJESTIC TREE: Landcare President Mike Johnson is concerned about the 400 year old tree being cleared by the SDA at Port Bundaberg. Paul Donaldson BUN061017TREES3
I have worked with the NewsMail since January 2012. I report in the Family Life section of the paper, which I love as I have two school aged kids. I grew up in Byron Bay before moving to Hervey Bay where I lived for 10 years, after that my family and I travelled around Australia then we finally settled in Bundaberg in 2011. I enjoy meeting new people and hearing about all walks of life.
IT MAY be short notice but it's better late than never, according to Bundaberg Landcare's Mike Johnson.
He is calling on the community to take a stand to stop the State Development Area at Bundaberg Port from going ahead.
The state's independent Co-ordinator-General released the Bundaberg Draft Development Scheme for the parcel of land next to the port, seeking comment on September 18.
Old Trees Port Bundaberg: A short video about the hidden but majestic trees near port Bundaberg that may be cleared by the SDA.
Locals who want to have their say only have days left to do so.
He says significant trees will be wiped out if the SDA goes ahead and the region's famous turtle population would be affected.
UNIQUE STRUCTURE: Branches twist and reach out from the 400 year old tree that is in danger of being cleared by the SDA at Port Bundaberg. Paul Donaldson BUN061017TREES9
"It's going to impact the environment, they can't say it won't,” Mr Johnson said.
"This littoral rainforest remnant contains the oldest Flindersia schottianas in the Wide Bay as well as the most unusual Ficus virens.
The tree must be in the vicinity of 400 to 500 years old.”
"Surely this area must be saved for the people of Burnett Heads so as to retain these magnificent trees.
Mr Johnson said the State Government and developers should not be touching the land.
The SDA declaration, made in February, will expedite development in the area by reducing red tape.
"It's destruction and we object to the whole scheme,” Mr Johnson said.
HIDDEN GEM: A few metres off the road lies a 400 year old tree that is in danger of being cleared by the SDA at Port Bundaberg. Paul Donaldson BUN061017TREES6
The Landcare president said it was not just the trees he was worried about.
He said he also believed the SDA would cause problems with flooding communities such as Moore Park Beach.
"Where's the water going to go once it's developed?” he questioned.
"It will make it worse for the people of Moore Park.”
Mr Johnson is also concerned that turtles nesting along the foreshore from October-April will be drawn towards by artificial lights once the SDA developed.
"Are we just going to give up on them?” he asked.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Labor's response
MEMBER for Bundaberg Leanne Donaldson said investigations into the SDA took place last year including an analysis of environmental values, including significant flora and fauna.
She said the development scheme included an environmental management precinct, which is designed to recognise and protect significant community, cultural heritage and environmental values.
When investigations took place Queensland Fire and Emergency Services were consulted and extensive flood studies had been undertaken by both the state and local government, she said.
Regarding turtles Ms Donaldson said the SDA was about 5km north of Mon Repos, however, she said turtle nesting had been recorded throughout the coastline in the region.
"The coastal areas on the northern side of the Burnett River, Barubbra Island and Skyringville have all been included in the environmental management precinct in recognition of the environmental values of these areas, including as potential nesting grounds,” she said.
"The draft development scheme also includes criteria to ensure lighting associated with the construction and operation of development limits the impacts on migratory species, including turtles.”
The scheme is open for public consultation until Monday. To have your say go to: http://bit.ly/2wAr8dW
March 31 Lenovo Group Ltd
* Issuance Of Us$150,000,000 5.375% Securities By A Subsidiary (2) Performance Guarantee From The Company (3) Issuance Of Us$150,000,000 5.375% Intra-group Notes By The Company
* Issuer, company, entered into subscription agreement in connection with issuance of US$150mln 5.375% perpetual securities
* Issuer is Lenovo Perpetual Securities Limited Source text: (bit.ly/2ogV7qR) Further company coverage:
This story was first published on Wednesday May 30
One of the country's top cycling coaches has left Cycling New Zealand.
The organisation says Anthony Peden resigned but 1 NEWS has discovered he's also been accused by cyclists and those close to the team of inappropriate behaviour.
More than 20 staff have left the organisation since the 2016 Rio Olympics and many say the toxic environment within the team was the reason why.
Peden's results on the track speak for themselves - at last month's Commonwealth Games his sprinters brought home eight medals.
But now, two years out from the sport's pinnacle event, the Tokyo Olympics, he's walked.
Cycling NZ chief executive Andrew Matheson said it was Peden's choice.
"You naturally debrief post events and we discussed it and ultimately his decision was to leave."
1 NEWS understands there was growing unrest from athletes and staff about behaviour from Peden that couldn't be ignored, including allegations of bullying and an inappropriate relationship with an athlete.
Matheson declined to answer questions around the accusations.
"I can't really comment about that. These things sit within an employment relationship which I'm not entitled to talk about."
1 NEWS spoke extensively today to a number of people close to Cycling NZ and though most wouldn't appear on camera, all said action should have been taken over Peden's behaviour a long time ago.
Kathryn Phillips was one of those people. She spent eight years with Cycling NZ as a sports scientist.
"I think there was smoke before I left," she said.
"And I think that has been left unchecked and now we've got a fire.
"It's started to get to the point that it's performance at all costs which is allowing decisions to be made, behaviours to occur, things to go unchecked because programmes are being exceedingly successful."
Since the Rio Olympics, Cycling NZ has been given nearly $7 million of tax-payer funding.
AMSTERDAM Dutch paints maker Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) said it will raise its financial targets and detail plans for its chemicals division next month, as it seeks to win over shareholders and avoid a takeover by U.S. rival PPG Industries (PPG.N).
Akzo said it will announce the plans on April 19 and also brought forward the release of its first quarter earnings to that date, giving investors a week to digest its case for remaining independent before the company's annual meeting on April 25.
Akzo's biggest shareholder, other investors and analysts have called for the company's boards to engage in talks with PPG after they rejected the U.S. company's 24.2 billion euro ($26 bln) takeover proposal on March 20.
"Our new strategy will further unlock the value within the company, including the creation of two focused businesses," Akzo CEO Ton Buechner said in a statement. It will "deliver improved profitability and additional long-term value creation for shareholders, employees (and) customers," he said.
The company said it would unveil plans for selling or floating its chemicals division, which accounts for about a third of company sales and profits and has been estimated to have a standalone value of around 8 billion euros.
Under Dutch law, Buechner is required to consider other interests alongside shareholders' when making major corporate decisions. Akzo's labor unions have said they support management and oppose a PPG takeover, fearing job cuts.
Some analysts were skeptical that the April 19 presentation would change many minds.
KBC Securities' analyst Wim Hoste said Akzo's current financial targets were already conservative and could easily be upgraded. But the sale of the company's chemical division by itself would not actually improve prospects.
"It's a more capital intensive business than paints and coatings, but its not clear why selling it would improve prospects for the rest of the business," he said. A re-rating of shares for Akzo Nobel and a carved-out chemicals business would likely come years in the future if at all.
PPG's cash-and-shares proposal is worth around 89 euros per share at current prices, while Akzo is trading at 78.22 euros per share, signaling that investors have serious doubts PPG's bid will succeed.
One hedge fund manager told Reuters he had been in contact with PPG's CEO Michael McGarry and decided to stay away.
"PPG really want to do a deal, but they're not going to wait around forever," he said.
He said he was worried about "serious antitrust issues" if PPG, the world's biggest coatings maker, and Akzo, the number two, combine and that it would be difficult to get a deal done in the Netherlands amid rising protectionist attitudes.
PPG could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
Michael Wegener, managing partner at Hong Kong-based hedge fund Case Equity Partners, who has invested 6 percent of his fund's assets in Akzo, told Reuters he thought PPG would respond before the shareholders' meeting.
He said he thinks other event-driven hedge fund managers, which bet on company deals, were continuing to accumulate Akzo shares.
That raises the possibility of fireworks at Akzo's general meeting. While Dutch anti-takeover measures are generally considered to be robust, Akzo has an unusual arrangement, dating from before 1928. It gives four members of the supervisory board, notably Chairman Antony Bergmans, a former co-CEO of Unilever, control over Akzo's board appointments.
On Monday, Elliott Advisors, one of Akzo's largest shareholders with a 3.25 percent stake, said that arrangement was not as powerful a weapon as it would seem.
"We believe shareholders hold the power to remove supervisory board and management board members," Elliott said in a statement.
If relations between Akzo's shareholders and management deteriorate to that point, the dispute would likely end up in a Dutch court, which has generally favored management in recent disputes.
About 7 percent of Akzo Nobel's shareholders are Dutch, while 11 percent of its 46,000 workforce is based in the Netherlands.
(This story was refiled to add dropped 't' in Elliott in para 19)
(Reporting by Toby Sterling and Maiya Keidan; Editing by Mark Potter and Susan Fenton)
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks fall, dollar pares losses after Fed decision
NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. stocks mostly fell while the dollar cut its losses on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected U.S. interest rate hike.
April 5 Takagi Securities Co Ltd :
* Says 53.3 million shares of Takagi Securities were offered in a takeover bid by Tokai Tokyo Financial Holdings Inc , during the period from Feb. 21 to April 4
* Says acquisition price at 270 yen per common share
* Settlement starts from April 11
* Tokai Tokyo Financial Holdings will hold 90.58 percent stake in Takagi Securities(53,278 voting rights), up from 0 percent
* Takagi Securities' shareholder Nomura Land & Building Co Ltd will cut stake in co to 0 percent from 29.02 percent
* Nomura Research Institute Ltd's stake in Takagi Securities will be lowered to 0 percent from 10.62 percent
* Takagi Securities' Shareholding structure changes will occur on April 11
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/HktQdA ; goo.gl/snSalV
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
CAIRO, April 23 Egypt's largest listed real estate developer Talaat Mostafa has purchased 500 feddans (acres) for development in the country's new administrative capital, sources at the housing ministry told Reuters on Sunday.
Egypt's plan to construct a new city 45 km (28 miles) east of Cairo was announced in March 2015 at a Sharm al-Sheikh summit held to attract foreign investors who pulled back from the country after the 2011 revolt against the government.
"Talaat Mostafa received the land two weeks ago after it came to an agreement with the administrative capital company on all the conditions," one of the housing ministry sources said.
The sources did not provide further details of the contract and Reuters was not immediately able to reach Talaat Mostafa for comment.
The new capital project appeared to stall after a United Arab Emirates developer pulled out and a contract to develop government facilities by a Chinese state developer also fell through.
About 15 Egyptian companies, including Talaat Mostaafa, submitted bids in March to develop land for the capital's first phase of construction, but no official announcement has yet been made as to the winning bids. (Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Eric Knecht. Editing by Jane Merriman)
(Refiles to fix formatting of DATA AHEAD) March 31 Gold prices held firm on Friday amid lingering uncertainty over upcoming elections in Europe and Britain's exit from the European Union, even as the dollar hovered around two-week highs on positive U.S. economic data. FUNDAMENTALS * Spot gold was mostly unchanged at $1,242.43 per ounce at 0058 GMT, while U.S. gold futures were down 0.3 percent at $1,241.3. * The dollar index was up 0.1 percent at 100.48, near a two-week high of 100.57 hit earlier in the session. * U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years. * Prospects for the U.S. economy have brightened now that fiscal stimulus from Washington appears more likely, so the Federal Reserve will need to keep raising rates and eventually trim its bond portfolio to avoid an overheating, one of the most influential Fed policymakers said on Thursday. * The potential for the rise of the far right in European elections this year, along with British Prime Minister Theresa May formally triggering divorce proceedings from the EU on Wednesday has enhanced gold's appeal as a safe-haven investment. * The European Union will tell Britain on Friday how it aims to negotiate its "orderly withdrawal" from the bloc, limit uncertainties for businesses and pave the way for a close future partnership. * SPDR Gold Trust GLD, the world's largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, said its holdings fell 0.14 percent to 832.32 tonnes on Thursday. * Argentina's San Juan province ordered Barrick Gold Corp to suspend some activities at its Veladero mine after a pipe carrying gold-bearing solution ruptured on the leach pad, state-run news agency Telam reported on Thursday. * Low interest rates are likely to drive fresh investment in gold this year, potentially pushing prices above $1,400 an ounce despite a well-supplied market, an industry report said on Thursday. * The European Central Bank needs to stick to its already laid out policy path, several policymakers argued on Thursday, although a top conservative urged them to leave the door open to a more rapid reduction in stimulus. * Japan's core consumer prices rose 0.2 percent in February from a year earlier, government data showed on Friday. DATA AHEAD (GMT) 0100 China Official manufacturing PMI Mar 0100 China Official non-manufacturing PMI Mar 0600 Germany Retail sales Feb 0645 France Consumer spending Feb 0645 France Producer prices Feb 0800 Germany Unemployment rate Mar 0830 Britain GDP Q4 0900 Euro zone Inflation flash Mar 1230 U.S. Personal income Feb 1345 U.S. Chicago PMI Mar (Reporting by Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Richard Pullin)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
Hillsborough girl Katharine Walker has said she's still in a state of shock after being crowned the winner of this year's Miss Northern Ireland competition.
The 23-year-old nurse, who qualified for the grand final of the pageant by winning the Miss Horatio Todd's title during the regional qualifying rounds, took the coveted crown on Monday night, May 28, at Belfast's Europa Hotel.
“Today I'm starting to come down a wee bit, but I really still can't believe it,” she told the Ulster Star
“I was just so shocked. I was literally shaking when they called my name out. I was so shocked but so thrilled. I couldn't believe it, I still can't.
“The whole thing was just so much fun to be a part of. It's just such a fun and positive experience.”
Hosted by former Miss Northern Ireland and television presenter Zoe Salmon and UTV presenter Marc Mallet, the gala final of the Insanity Tan-sponsored competition saw 25 girls compete to succeed last year's winner, Portglenone girl Anna Henry.
Having impressed the judges and taken the Miss NI 2018 title, Katharine will now go on to compete in the Miss World competition in China in December.
“Anna Henry and a few of the other former Miss NI's have already reached out to me and said they'll give me tips and tell me what to expect and things, so I'll not be going into it blind which is good. I'm really looking forward to it.
“I just need to keep being myself and not get too worried about the pressure and hopefully I'll do okay,” she said.
Despite her Miss NI success, Katharine says she isn't planning on ditching her day job any time soon.
The former Downshire Primary and Friends' School pupil, who works as an intensive care nurse at the Royal Belfast Hospital for Sick Children, said she's going to try to balance her nursing career with her Miss NI commitments.
“It's quite good because I do shift work and don't work nine to five, so I'm going to try my best to juggle the two as I don't want to give up my job.
“I love my job and I work with such a fab team of doctors, nurses, physios and others.
“It's such a satisfying job and to see a child that came in to us so ill get better and go home is just the best feeling in the world.”
Katharine, whose Miss NI prize package includes an all expenses paid trip to the Miss World pageant, a Fiat car and a modelling contract with Belfast-based ACA models, says she “cannot wait to dive in” to a busy year of Miss NI commitments.
This curated post is authored by Vishal Sood, Senior Product Manager, Amazon
Machine learning is going to change the world more than any other technology, over the next several decades. To take advantage of the machine learning revolution we (aka product managers) should move quickly to equip ourselves with the necessary tools. Or else, we would be lost in obscurity bitting the dust, because many top technology companies are already harnessing ML to create new business opportunities.
As Mark Cuban recently stated:
“Artificial Intelligence, deep learning, machine learning — whatever you're doing if you don't understand it — learn it. Because otherwise you're going to be a dinosaur within 3 years.”
Here is why I believe every Product Manager should understand Machine Learning and how can they get a jump start on it.
The Why ?
For a moment, pause and think of all the products that you use on a daily basis. I bet they all use some flavor of machine learning in their products. Here are a few that I am guessing we all use almost everyday:
Google, trying to answer your query with the best possible results ? This is a ranking problem — helping users find the right thing when they search. Netflix or Spotify suggesting movies or songs to customers that they might be interested in? This is a recommendation problem — giving users things they may be interested in, without them explicitly searching. Zillow predicting your house prices? This is a regression problem — predicting a numerical value of a thing. Gmail marking an email as spam/not spam? This is a classification problem — figuring out what kind of thing something is. Facebook photos detecting faces? This is a also classification problem. Amazon's world famous “customers who bought this also bought this” ? This is clustering in action — Putting similar things together.
And the list can go on, but I guess you get my point. Machine learning is everywhere. Machine learning is going to upend industries and your product. If I can go a bit further, it will be the next big tech platform where incumbents will be upended and new leaders emerge (If you think ML is a fad, check in with someone who thought the web was a fad in 1998, or mobile in 2008). Hence, as product managers we need to understand the current state of machine learning, and the opportunities and techniques such as deep learning provide for transforming your products and delighting your users.
By ‘understanding machine learning' I don't mean that you have in-depth knowledge of ML algorithms that you should be able to come up with models for the algorithms (it will be good if you can, but that's besides the point).
But, you should know enough to answer these questions below:
How much value Machine learning is going to add to your product ?
What can Machine learning achieve for your product, and what would it take to execute it (more data, better algorithm, etc) — in technical sense
Identify difference between hype and real-achievable things from Machine learning.
And then, when you are working on a product that uses Machine learning (which will be very often), you should make sure to understand:
That there are lot many ways by which Machine learning can create illusion of being right when it is not — learn to capture that.
How much sample of data will be needed so that your predictions can hold true in real world.
That preparation of data will account of 80–90% of a developer's time
The How?
A simple google search on ‘machine learning for beginners' can give you more than a million results. To make things easier, with the help of some of my friends at Amazon, I have curated a list of the best resources to learn about machine learning esp. for Product Managers
Books
Courses
Must-Reads:
Other:
Robots Artificial Intelligence Job Automation by Kevin Drum
This is in no way an exhaustive list and I will keep updating it as and when I come across more valuable resources. All product managers, I would love to know your take on ML and how it is impacting your products. Please leave a comment below.
Disclaimer: This is a curated post. The statements, opinions and data contained in this column are solely those of the individual authors and contributors and not that of iamwire or its editor(s). The article in its original form was published by the author here.
Football Soccer - Juventus v AS Genoa - Italian Serie A - Juventus stadium, Turin, Italy - 23/04/17 Juventus' players observe a minute of silence as respect for the cyclist Michele Scarponi before the match. REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino
Football Soccer - Juventus v Genoa - Italian Serie A - Juventus Stadium, Turin, Italy - 03/02/16 Juventus' Paul Lamine Pogba (C) in action against Genoa's Diego Capel (16), Luca Rigoni (rear) and Armando Izzo (5) REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino Picture Supplied by Action Images
Football Soccer - Juventus v AS Genoa - Italian Serie A - Juventus stadium, Turin, Italy - 23/04/17 Juventus' Gonzalo Higuain (C) and Genoa's Santiago Gentiletti in action. REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino
Football Soccer - Juventus v AS Genoa - Italian Serie A - Juventus stadium, Turin, Italy - 23/04/17 Juventus' Claudio Marchisio is challenged by AS Genoa's Ezequiel Munoz and Danilo Cataldi. REUTERS/Giorgio Perottino
Juventus defender Leonardo Bonucci scored a sublime solo goal as they crushed Genoa 4-0 on Sunday to claim a 33rd straight home league win and move closer to a sixth successive Serie A title.
Paulo Dybala and Mario Mandzukic also scored for treble-chasing Juve, who never looked back after Genoa defender Ezequiel Munoz gifted them the lead with an own goal.
Substitute Arkadiusz Milik rescued a 2-2 draw for third-placed Napoli after a topsy-turvy second half at Sassuolo where they led 1-0, gifted an equaliser and then hit the woodwork twice.
Lazio's Keita Balde Diao scored a six-minute hat-trick as they hit five goals in the first half-hour on the way to a 6-2 demolition of sorry Palermo and AC Milan suffered a shock 2-1 home defeat by lowly Empoli.
Sampdoria's Patrik Schick provided another highlight with a superb effort against Crotone when he flicked the ball up and turned past two defenders, ran on and scored with a clinical finish. However the visitors hit back to win 2-1.
Juventus, who have 83 points from 33 games, moved 11 clear of AS Roma who visit basement club Pescara on Monday.
Napoli is a further point behind in the Champions League playoff-round spot on 71 points, with Lazio fourth while Milan, despite their slip-up, stayed sixth on 58 points in the last Europa League place two points above city rivals Inter.
EARLY TROUBLE
Struggling Genoa were quickly in trouble at Juventus when home striker Gonzalo Higuain's chipped pass bounced off Munoz's shin and into the net in the 17th minute.
A minute later, Dybala played a one-two with Sami Khedira and sent an unstoppable shot past goalkeeper Eugenio Lamanna for the second while Mandzukic added the third with a brilliant side-footed volley five minutes before halftime.
Not be outdone, Bonucci collected the ball in the centre circle, burst through the Genoa midfield and scored with a vicious, dipping shot from outside the penalty area in the 64th.
Napoli went ahead when Dries Mertens headed in from Jose Callejon's cross in the 52nd minute to delight the army of shirtless visiting fans behind the goal.
A mistake by Napoli's usually inspirational captain Marek Hamsik allowed Sassuolo to level seven minutes later when Domenico Berardi intercepted the Slovakian's headed back pass and fired past Pepe Reina.
Mertens smacked a free kick against the crossbar and Lorenzo Insigne hit the inside of the post before Sassuolo sneaked a second goal in the 80th minute, Luca Mazzitelli firing home after Napoli failed to clear the ball.
Milik was brought on and equalised within three minutes when he hooked in from close range with Sassuolo claiming offside.
FLYING START
Ciro Immobile got Lazio off to a flying start with goals in the eighth and 10th minutes before Keita sprang into action.
The Senegal international played a one-two with Immobile to score in the 21st minute, then converted a penalty and finally chipped his third over Josip Posavec after a clever Immobile backheel in the 26th minute.
Andrea Rispoli replied twice in the second half before Luca Crecco added Lazio's sixth.
Leven Mchedlidze headed Empoli in front against Milan five minutes before halftime and Mame Thiam added the second goal in the 67th minute.
In between, Empoli goalkeeper Lukasz Skorupski saved a weak Suso penalty and also managed to block Gianluca Lapadula's effort from the rebound.
Lapadula pulled one back but could not prevent Empoli's third win in 24 Serie A meetings with Milan.
Empoli stayed 17th in the 20-team table with 29 points and have a five-point cushion protecting them from the relegation zone.
Crotone, who have 24 points, beat Sampdoria 2-1 and are the only team with a realistic chance of overtaking the Tuscan side although they are running out of games.
Palermo have 16 points and Pescara 14, both almost certainly doomed to the drop.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne, editing by Clare Fallon and Ken Ferris)
The pharmaceuticals weren't working. The 15-year-old boy was having several seizures per day, and his parents were concerned his life was in danger.
From left, Suzeanna, Matthew and David Brill. Source: ©2018 THE NEW YORK TIMES
So Suzeanna and Matthew Brill, of Macon, Georgia, decided in February to let their son try smoking marijuana -- and his seizures stopped for 71 days, they say.
The Brills' decision led to the boy, David, being taken away from his parents, who face possible fines and jail time after being charged with reckless conduct for giving him the drug.
David has now been in a group home for 30 days, and his seizures have returned. He is separated from the service dog that sniffed out his seizures, and he is able to communicate with his parents only during short visitations and phone calls.
They maintain they made the right decision for their son's health, despite their current predicament.
"Even with the ramifications with the law, I don't care," said Matthew Brill, his stepfather. "For 71 days he was able to ride a bike, go play, lift weights. We were able to achieve that with David medicated not from Big Pharma, but David medicated with marijuana."
Suzeanna Brill said authorities "want to argue the legality of marijuana instead of taking care of the kid."
In April, a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel recommended approval of an epilepsy medication that has an active ingredient, cannabidiol, that's found in cannabis. The drug treats two rare forms of epilepsy, and, if approved, it would be the first cannabis-derived prescription medicine available in the United States. It does not contain the ingredients that make people high.
But the science is far from settled on whether marijuana, or components of it, can effectively treat seizures, and the parents cautioned that what made sense for them may not for other families.
Dr. Igor Grant, director of the Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research at the University of California San Diego, said there is some data to suggest cannabis can have anti-epileptic effects, "but not terribly systematic data."
He said that the Brills' experience, as a single anecdote, is not proof that cannabis works as a treatment, but added that it should not be dismissed.
"I don't mean we should rush out and give marijuana to everyone who has epilepsy," he said, "but I think that there are probably epilepsies that would benefit from an alternative treatment if they're not controlled by our usual treatments."
Suzeanna Brill said that she had been upfront with David's doctors about the marijuana use, and that they hadn't protested. But then she told the boy's therapist on April 19, and hours later police were at their door.
The police drug-tested all three of them: Matthew Brill and David tested positive for marijuana, Suzeanna Brill tested negative. The parents admitted to police that they had given their child marijuana, and the officers demanded they stop, Suzeanna Brill said.
"We complied, and within 14 hours of complying we were rushing our son to the hospital," she said. "And it was one of the most horrific seizures I've ever seen."
The Twiggs County sheriff's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
David stayed in the hospital for a week before being taken to the group home, Suzeanna Brill said. The parents were arrested and spent six days in jail, causing Matthew Brill to lose remodeling work, he said.
Matthew Brill is now delivering pizzas, and Suzeanna Brill is taking on extra shifts in a variety of jobs to help raise money for a lawyer.
They've turned to crowdfunding, but had raised just $1,000 as of Wednesday, with several donations coming after WMAZ, a local TV station, reported on them this past weekend.
They hope the lawyer can help them get David back, a process they believe could take as long as a year.
Despite their legal challenges, they say they did what they needed to as parents.
"Had it not been for me and my husband, my son would probably have been long dead," Suzeanna Brill said.
Already in PRINT now Brand New 2017 Book How Get Rich Quick. 100 Best Way Guide. The One of Kind First in World best reference to Top100 Best opportunities to Get Wealthy in 10-15 years!
Contact
Stream Info Brokers
Steve Norburt
***@streaminfobrokers.com Stream Info BrokersSteve Norburt
End
-- Stream Information Brokers just published by the world Best Experts, industry Insiders and Top Wealth, Money making Guru the one of kind New 2017 Book How Get Rich Quick. 100 Best Way Guide !New 2017 450 pages One of Kind, First in World book How Get Rich Quick. 100 Best Ways Guide is already in print! Order, buy now online 24-7 at printing companyhttp://www.lulu.com/content/paperback-book/how-get-rich-quick100-best-ways-guide/20011286.The global distribution of this amazing book through Amazon, Amazon-Europe, BarnesNoble, other countries come in 2months! Supply is limited! Hurry to buy it while the quantities of book in 1st print at printing company last! First in World Ultimate Guide to Top100 the best real life opportunities with step-by-step strategies planning for each! More details on this book and some content is already available at blog.It is the First in the World unique Your Ultimate never published before Real Life Get Rich, Wealthy Quick Strategies Guide with description and rankings for Top100 Best legitimate relatively easy ways to quickly make Easy Money and Millions of dollars in small Fortune. This sensational book Re-Opens and Shows in details Real Life opportunities to make $$$ millions dollars for regular people! We compile many already familiar to you and because of that "forgotten" ways of "get Rich quick" for person with regular job/salary and unknown talents. Forget about all News and Media talks/advertisements about "Best jobs/careers"!!Don't waist your short life and wait on your sofa until Gold opportunity will knock on your door!Get now in this amazing book the best expertise, exclusive knowledge to educate, inform, entertain and help you dream big in your life and maybe get rich, wealthy fast in 10-15 years! How would you like to invest now $2 and get 10x ROI in just 2minutes after horse race instead of buying from brokers stocks with minimum $1000! Everybody wants to know the answer on the question "What is inside this book for me?"The new book would be official one of kind reference guide for all interested working hard, making living on regular paycheck ordinary people to make informed decision on better and best real life opportunities and 100 ways to be financially independent now, Get Rich Quick with the 2016-2017 official rankings for all 100 of them. The reference for each of opportunity (way) would include the estimates on needed effort, required background on formal education or training, needed skills and expertise list of some large expenses.The author of coming soon new book invited the users of this amazing guide to evaluate not one but multiple opportunities out of all 100 best ways according to each individual' personal preferences and level of current, already existing education, skills, expertise and training.every user could also choose the real life opportunities needed fewer expenses but still affordable with fewer corrections to current lifestyle or career. The author would offer the one-on- one online coaching for users to help with their personal cases study, help in evaluation the multiple opportunities!Everyone would have the real chance to follow through on 3-5 opportunities and then focus their efforts on just one opportunity with the faster timeline and much better results! It is all for ordinary people who really want to change their lives and get unlimited large and small daily pleasures, early retire, live the life of their dream without any sacrifices and limiting themselves just to ordinary daily life on paychecks, saving-investing for retirement and still retire very sick and broke!Stream Information Brokers is full service branding, marketing, consulting, advertising firm and manufacturer of custom designed digital marketing, advertising information and multimedia products, services, solutions. We offer the Better, Cheaper, Faster, more Simple and Easy in comparison with other digital design and manufacturing firms the custom made HiTech the latest Technology Digital Marketing, Advertising media, multimedia and information products, services and solutions.
PRECIOUS-Gold gains as stocks fall; weak U.S data spurs safe-haven demand
* Weaker U.S. retail sales, consumer inflation hurt dollar * Report of Trump probe hits risk sentiment (Updates prices, adds quotes) By Nithin ThomasPrasad BENGALURU, June 15 Gold edged up on Thursday from a near three-week low hit in the previous session, supported by softer U.S. economic data and a fall in Asian shares following a report that President Donald Trump was being probed for possible obstruction of justice. Weaker U.S. retail and inflation data over
Signage for an AT&T store is seen in New York October 29, 2014. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/File Photo
AT&T Inc said on Wednesday customers of its unlimited mobile data plan would get Time Warner Inc's HBO, home to hit shows such as "Game of Thrones" and "Veep", as part of the service at no additional cost.
The No. 2 U.S. wireless carrier, which is buying Time Warner for $85.4 billion to gain control of channels such as HBO and CNN, said the new service would be rolled out from April 6.
AT&T's "Unlimited Plus" plan includes unlimited mobile data and a monthly credit for its video services such as DirecTV and DirecTV Now.
The HBO offer would also allow customers, who are already paying for the cable channel through AT&T's video services plans, to now access premium HBO content for free.
AT&T lowered the price of its unlimited mobile data plan in February by $10 to $90 per month in response to rivals rolling out unlimited data offers, driving a price war among the top four U.S. wireless carriers.
(Reporting by Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)
(Adds lawsuit related to four executions)
By Jon Herskovitz
April 28 A lawyer for an executed Arkansas death row inmate asked the state on Friday to investigate why his client coughed and convulsed on a death chamber gurney, saying a lethal injection drug may have been the cause.
A separate group of lawyers for Arkansas death row inmates asked a federal court to preserve evidence in the four executions Arkansas held over eight days this month, saying in a lawsuit that the state's protocols "did not prevent an execution by torture."
Arkansas, which had not held an execution in 12 years, concluded its executions series by putting to death Kenneth Williams on Thursday night. Accounts of his execution raised fresh concerns about whether the sedative midazolam, a Valium-like drug, is effective in lethal injection mixes.
Witnesses said Williams, who admitted to killing four people, jerked and gasped for air for about 30 seconds a few minutes after his execution began. The state said it was a routine execution lasting about 15 minutes, but critics said something was amiss.
"It is not a normal reaction to therapeutic doses of midazolam," said Jonathan Groner, a professor of surgery at the Ohio State University College of Medicine who has testified against the drug's use in executions.
"Was the drug doing what the state intended it to do or was the person being chemically waterboarded on the way to being killed?" he asked in an interview when talking about execution mixes.
Shawn Nolan, a lawyer for Williams, on Friday asked Arkansas to investigate his execution.
The lawsuit filed in a U.S. district court in Little Rock said: "If the midazolam fails to keep the prisoner under anesthesia, the prisoner would be awake and aware but unable to move or speak or even open his eyes, so he would then look completely serene despite being in agony."
Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson, who set the hurried execution schedule because the state's supply of midazolam expires at the end of April, told reporters there was no need for an investigation and all the executions were carried out within Arkansas' protocols.
The United Nations' human rights office voiced deep concern on Friday, saying the state's rush to carry out the executions before a drug expired added to the "arbitrariness and cruelty" of the process.
Midazolam is supposed to render inmates unconscious but critics say it has failed in some cases, leaving them to feel the effects of a paralytic that halts breathing and another drug that stops the heart while causing an excruciating burning sensation.
Major pharmaceutical companies began a sales ban on lethal injections drugs about six years ago to death penalty prison systems due to ethical concerns.
Several states then turned to new mixes that included midazolam. The drug was used in troubled executions in Oklahoma and Arizona where witnesses said inmates twisted in pain on death chamber gurneys.
Death penalty supporters have said some pain in executions is warranted given the brutality of the murders the condemned typically commit and the harm they have inflicted on victim's families. (Reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Additional reporting by Steve Barnes in Grady, Arkansas and Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva; Editing by Colleen Jenkins and Tom Brown)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
HONG KONG China Everbright International said on Thursday it plans to spin off and separately list its greentech subsidiary, in a deal that could value the business at up to $1.5 billion.
The energy and infrastructure firm said it plans to sell up to 644 million shares in China Everbright Greentech Limited, representing around 30 percent of the company, at between HK$5.18 and HK$5.90 per share.
The proposed Hong Kong listing is subject to approval by the Hong Kong exchange listing committee.
The market capitalization of China Everbright Greentech Limited, which invests in biomass, hazardous waste treatment, solar energy and wind power projects, would be between HK$10.4 billion and HK$11.8 billion ($1.3 billion-$1.5 billion), the company said.
China Everbright International said last year that a spin-off listing would increase the operational and financial transparency as well as unlock the potential value of the unit.
The unit is expected to benefit from mainland China's policy to support the environmental protection industry.
(Reporting by Farah Master and Michelle Price; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
Deals of the day-Mergers and acquisitions
June 15 The following bids, mergers, acquisitions and disposals were reported by 1000 GMT on Thursday:
With over two and a half decades of experience in the insulation business, industry leaders, Foil-board, have just launched a Green 10 DIY Underfloor Insulation Kit.
Foilboard Australia Pty Ltd
Media Contact
Foilboard Australia Pty Ltd
1800 354 717
foilboard@foilboard.com.au Foilboard Australia Pty Ltd1800 354 717
End
-- With over two and a half decades of experience in the insulation business, industry leaders,, have just launched a Green 10 DIY Underfloor Insulation Kit. Released initially through the Independent Hardware Group Expo, the new product contains everything needed to insulate an ex-isting or new floor. The creation of this kit has made retro fit insulation much more accessible for home renovators, builders, and many more.Being pioneers in innovation in the field of foil insulation since 1991, Foilboard are always adding to their product range in ways that help consumers solve problems and bring ease into the installation process. This DIY kit contains every item required to undertake the installation task, including a roll of tape, Flexifast Fasteners for retrofitting insulation and 18.6 square metres of 10mm Foilboard precut to 405mm to suit 450mm centre to centre joists.The vermin resistant DIY Underfloor Insulation Kit is the perfect size for a bedroom and provides great winter proofing, whilst acting as an efficient moisture barrier. The product has been created with a high standard of safety in mind. It contains no harmful fibres or dust, and is environmentally safe.This product offers great value for money. By utilising a radiant barrier with an insulating core, Foilboard provides high level R value and thermal resistance, while reducing the thickness of the insulation sheets. This has allowed Foilboard to create an environmentally friendly product, as it results in more insulation in every pack, with minimal wastage at the end of the project.The DIY kit was inspired by the overwhelming number of enquiries from energy conscious consumers asking for an easy retro-fit insulation solution. It became clear that an easy-to-use product that offered high quality insulation and protection, along with unmatchable value, was the answer. This DIY Under-floor Insulation Kit is available through leading hardware outlets.Foilboard are one of the reputable Australian owned insulation manufacturers and suppliers of energy saving, sustainable building, insulation products. Having been in operation for over 25 years, they have been supplying the state with the best in foil insulation for decades. Located in Melbourne's South East, the organisation have been relied upon to lead the industry in insulation innovation. An example of this is the range they created of application specific accessories and fasteners, aimed at ensuring quick and reliable installation of their products.Operating from a purpose built manufacturing facility, Foilboard produce Foilboard Green, which was conceived as a sustainable alternative to bulk insulation. High thermal resistance is achieved by combining reflective insulation and a EPS core. This creation removes the need for traditional bulk insulation, while providing increased energy savings.The new DIY Underfloor Insulation Kit is a fantastic addition to the Foilboard product family, making retrofitting insulation a breeze.Our well trained experts at Foilboard are readily available via phone or email for all enquiries, advice, and after sales support. So, for technical information, or to locate a distributer near you contact the customer service team on 1800 354 717 or visit
* Vanke investing sum for an undisclosed stake
* Sunac's Jan investment in Lianjia had valued it at $6 bln
* Baidu, Tencent, Huasheng Cap among other backers - local media (Adds details of deal and background)
HONG KONG, April 20 China Vanke , the nation's No.2 homebuilder by sales, is investing 3 billion yuan ($435 million) for an undisclosed stake in domestic real estate agency Lianjia, becoming its latest heavyweight backer ahead of a planned initial public offering (IPO).
Beijing-based Lianjia already has the backing of Chinese technology giants Baidu Inc and Tencent Holdings as well as venture capital firms including Huasheng Capital, according to local media.
In January, Vanke's smaller peer Sunac China had invested 2.6 billion yuan in Lianjia for a 6.25 percent stake, valuing the real estate agency at 41.6 billion yuan ($6.04 billion).
Vanke, the object of a bruising power struggle, has been spreading its wings over the past two years to areas such as property management and logistics property as the development business struggles amid tightening margins and intensifying competition.
It has been in crisis since late 2015 as financial conglomerate Baoneng Group built up a 25 percent stake and sought to oust management.
"Vanke is optimistic about Lianjia's development outlook," Vanke said in a statement on Thursday that disclosed the investment. It did not reveal the size of the stake it bought in Lianjia.
Local media first reported Vanke's investment in Lianjia, also known as Homelink, on Wednesday.
In April 2016, Lianjia, aiming to IPO in China, Hong Kong or the NASDAQ, raised 6 billion yuan from Baidu, Tencent, Huasheng Capital, Source Code Capital and others, according to local media.
Sunac said in January Lianjia had a network of over 8,000 branch offices covering 28 key cities and over 130,000 real estate agents in its workforce. Its unaudited consolidated net assets amounted to 1.6 billion yuan as of the end of June, 2016. ($1 = 6.8865 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Clare Jim; Additional reporting by Elzio Barreto; Editing by Joseph Radford and Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Gary Ballance heaped praise on Harrogate CC pace bowler Ben Coad after he put Yorkshire on the brink of a first County Championship victory of the season against Warwickshire.
Ripon-born Coad, who lodged his maiden first-class five-wicket haul in defeat at home to Hampshire last week and followed up with another in the first innings in Birmingham, added a third with 5-27 – giving him 10-79 in the match.
It left the home side's batting line-up in tatters, with Warwickshire, requiring 203 to avoid an innings defeat, eventually ending the third day on 85-9.
Coad fed voraciously on Warwickshire's brittle confidence and, as if his match could not get any better, his victims included Warwickshire captain and former England batsman Ian Bell.
Following his first-innings haul, the 23-year-old admitted the Warwickshire wickets he coveted most were Bell and Jonathan Trott.
After dismissing the latter in the first innings, he removed Bell in the second with a brute of a ball, which lifted to take the glove on its way to slip.
At one stage, Warwickshire were 7-5 and by no means certain to reach 35, their lowest total against Yorkshire. They avoided that embarrassment but their collapse was alarming enough.
Afterwards, Yorkshire captain Ballance was quick to praise his team's efforts, although he understandably singled out Coad, who has been a revelation for the White Rose after coming in to fill the gap left by injuries to the club's leading pace bowlers, including Ryan Sidebottom, Liam Plunkett and Jack Brooks.
“This morning the guys batted very well to get us a lead of just over 200, which was perfect,” said Ballance.
“We put a lot of pressure on them. Then, the way the guys bowled, Dave and Coady set it up brilliantly. They bowled very well and took some early wickets.
“I've seen Ben bowl for the last two months, and I knew that he could bowl well and put in good performances. But, honestly, I can't say I would have seen him doing this well.
“It's brilliant bowling and he's done it by getting top players out. It's deserved. The hard work he's put in is paying off now.
“He must be surprised. He's got 18 wickets in four innings. I think anyone would be surprised. You don't expect someone to come in for their second championship game and tear it up like he is.
“He's done very well and, hopefully, he can carry on.”
Coad, who helped Harrogate CC win the inaugural Yorkshire Premier League North last season, admitted he was enjoying his promising start to the 2017 campaign.
“It's coming out well for me,” he said.
“I'm just happy to be putting into practice all the work I did during the winter. It was good to get Jonathan Trott out. He was one of the ones, him and Bell, the two big names that I wanted.
“It's easy to bowl alongside players like Tim Bresnan and Steve Patterson because they do their jobs day in and day out and if you need any help, they are there to help you out. It is great to have that.”
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
Harvey Weinstein was indicted by a grand jury in New York on rape charges Wednesday after refusing to testify.
Weinstein, who was arrested Friday and charged with rape and other sex crimes involving two women, was indicted with first- and third-degree rape and a first-degree criminal sexual act.
Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance said in a statement that the indictment, which is needed for felony charges to go forward, brings Weinstein one step closer to being held accountable.
"Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable,” Cyrus said. “We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
Weinstein's attorneys said they advised their client not to testify before the grand jury Wednesday because they weren't given sufficient time to prepare and their request for postponement was denied.
The indictment, they added, did not come as a surprise.
"We also note of course that the Indictment merely mirrors the same charges in the criminal court complaint and does not add anything to the case we did not already know," Weinstein's attorney, Ben Brafman, said in a statement. "We remind everyone that an indictment is merely a formal accusation. Mr Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that he strongly denies."
The criminal complaint against Weinstein details two alleged acts with two women.
The first allegedly happened during the day between June and September 2004, inside Weinstein's West Village home at 375 Greenwich Street. According to the complaint, Weinstein forced a woman to "engage in oral sexual conduct, to wit, defendant grabbed the back of informant's head forcing her head downward and forcing her mouth onto his penis."
The second alleged incident happened on March 18, 2013, at a hotel in Midtown Manhattan. Weinstein is charged with keeping a woman "physically against her will in a room and engaged in sexual intercourse with informant by forcible compulsion, to wit, defendant penetrated informant's vagina with his penis and, at the time of the incident informant had clearly expressed her lack of consent to the act."
BuzzFeed News does not typically identify alleged victims of sex crimes.
Weinstein remains out on $1 million cash bail, although he must wear a 24-hour monitoring device and can't travel outside New York and Connecticut. After Weinstein posted bail on Friday, Brafman said in his client's defense that Weinstein "did not invent the casting couch in Hollywood." After news of the indictment was announced, Carrie Goldberg an attorney representing one of the alleged victims, tweeted that “[W]hat Mr. Weinstein's attorneys call casting couch behavior we know is actually a sex crime.”
Weinstein is due back in court July 30, when he is expected to plead not guilty.
Vance, meanwhile, is encouraging any potential victims and others with relevant information to call his office at (212) 335-9373.
The logo of Mondelez International is pictured at the company's building in Zurich November 14, 2012. REUTERS/Michael Buholzer
Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ.O) reported higher-than-expected quarterly profit and sales, helped by cost cuts, strong sales of its chocolate brands such as Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka, and better product pricing mainly in Latin America.
Shares of the world's No. 2 confectionary company rose 3.3 percent to $45.17 in after-hours trading on Tuesday.
Mondelez's Latin America net revenue, which accounts for about 14 percent of total sales, increased 11.4 percent in the first quarter ended March 31, compared with the year-ago period.
Net sales from the company's main brands, such as Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka chocolate and Oreo cookies, rose 1.6 percent in the quarter.
However, total revenue declined, hit by lower volume growth for biscuits in North America, Mondelez's second-biggest market, a strong dollar, and changing consumer tastes.
Mondelez has also been launching products such as GOOD THiNS crackers and herb-infused Vea biscuits in the United States to cater to consumers who prefer less-processed, organic foods over high-calorie, sugary snacks.
The Deerfield, Illinois-based confectioner said its net revenue fell to $6.41 billion, but came in above analysts' average estimate of $6.37 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Mondelez, since separating from Kraft in 2012, has also focused on its profit margins by cutting costs through internal controls and divestitures.
The company which has a $3 billion cost-savings program till the end of 2018, uses a zero-based budgeting plan, which requires expenses to be justified for each new period.
Selling, general and administrative expenses fell about 9 percent to $1.48 billion in the first quarter.
The company also said a strong U.S. dollar would reduce net revenue growth by about 1 percent and adjusted earnings by 2 cents in 2017.
The average value of the dollar rose about 3.3 percent against a basket of currencies in the quarter, compared with the year-earlier period.
Mondelez, however, said that it expects a double-digit growth in adjusted profit in 2017 on a currency neutral basis.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned 53 cents, topping analysts' average estimate of 50 cents.
Net income attributable to Mondelez fell to $630 million, or 41 cents per share, from $554 million, or 35 cents per share.
(Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto)
Prince Harry believes in his relationship with Meghan Markle so much, he's reportedly rejected the idea of having a prenuptial agreement ahead of their marriage.
A source allegedly told TheDailyMail, “He's determined that his marriage will be a lasting one, so there's no need for him to sign anything.”
Harry is following in the footsteps of his older brother William, who also refused to sign a prenup.
The royal couple plan on getting married in May. In case you missed it, invited guests include Obama, Elton John and no invite for our current commander in chief, Trump.
RELATE STORIES:
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
April 2Shanghai Dragon Corp :
* Says it appointed Zhou Siyuan as CFO of the company, to replace Zhou Jian due to Zhou Jian's resignation
* It will sell 21.1 percent stake in Shanghai Jiao Tong University Science Park
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/jvFkFN
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
São Paulo's Mayor Joao Doria wears a Municipal worker's uniform as he attends the 'Pretty City' campaign in São Paulo, Brazil, March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
São Paulo's Mayor Joao Doria (R) wears a Municipal worker's uniform as he attends the 'Pretty City' campaign in São Paulo, Brazil, March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
São Paulo's Mayor Joao Doria wears a Municipal worker's uniform as he prunes a tree during the 'Pretty City' campaign in São Paulo, Brazil, March 25, 2017. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
São Paulo Amazon.com Inc dove into a spirited debate about graffiti in Brazil's biggest city, drawing a pointed response on Tuesday from São Paulo's mayor, who called the company "opportunist" and challenged it to make a public donation.
Amazon kicked off the controversy with an online ad pegged to Mayor Joao Doria's "Pretty City" campaign, which has attracted both strong criticism and praise for painting over the city's street art and spray-painted tags.
"They covered the city with gray?" reads the minute-long commercial, which shows quotes from famous works of literature projected along major avenues painted over by the mayor. "We covered the gray with stories."
The campaign added fuel to the debate over whether Doria was defending public property or silencing artistic expression in a metropolis defined by the flamboyant graffiti that punctuates an otherwise monotonous urban landscape.
It also pitted Amazon against Doria, a wealthy publisher and former reality TV star whose stunning first-round victory in last year's mayoral election has fed rumors that he could enter the wide-open 2018 presidential race.
"I watched Amazon's commercial using the image of São Paulo to sell its products," Doria wrote in a response on Facebook, challenging the online retailer to donate books to city schools. "There are many ways for Amazon to act as a true citizen rather than an opportunist."
Amazon replied with a Facebook post promising to donate hundreds of its Kindle e-readers to "institutions promoting culture and education," without giving further details.
Amazon media representatives in Brazil declined to comment.
The company has been slower than other tech giants to embrace the Brazilian market, where it arrived in 2012 with the Kindle, which faces local competition from Livraria Cultura's Kobo and Livraria Saraiva's Lev.
Amazon began selling physical books in Brazil in 2014 and brought its streaming video service to the country in December.
(Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Peter Cooney and Bill Trott)
U.S. Treasury Under Secretary for Domestic Finance Randal Quarles speaks during a Reuters sponsored panel discussion on the future of the U.S. housing foundations Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in New York, July 19, 2006. REUTERS/Keith Bedford
WASHINGTON/NEW YORK A former U.S. Treasury official in the George W. Bush administration, a veteran banking lawyer, and a Harvard professor are three leading candidates as the Trump administration looks to fill the post of Federal Reserve vice chair in charge of banking oversight, people familiar with the matter said.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that the administration was "very close" to filling the regulatory post, which will play a critical role in President Donald Trump's efforts to revamp regulation of the financial sector.
Randal Quarles, who worked as under secretary for domestic fiance at the Treasury under President George W. Bush, met with Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, Trump's director of the National Economic Council, last week to discuss the role, four sources told Reuters.
Quarles, along with corporate attorney Thomas Vartanian and Harvard Law professor Hal Scott, have all interviewed for the role, according to a source familiar with the talks. Several financial industry lobbyists believe Quarles to be the favorite for the position. But others say it remains unclear who the administration is favoring, and Trump could still opt for another candidate.
Quarles, Vartanian and Scott all did not respond to requests for comment. The Treasury Department and White House declined to comment.
Quarles, who worked as a partner at private equity firm the Carlyle Group, currently runs a private investment firm, the Cynosure Group, from Salt Lake City, Utah. He also served in the Treasury Department under President George H.W. Bush, and was the U.S. executive director of the International Monetary Fund.
In an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal in March 2016, Quarles and Lawrence Goodman, another former U.S. Treasury official, argued against breaking up big banks because it risks damaging the wider economy. He has also talked about refining Obama-era financial rules, introduced in the wake of the financial crisis.
Quarles are married to Hope Eccles, and works alongside Spencer Eccles, two members of the Utah family that includes Marriner Eccles, the former Fed chairman whose name graces the building that now houses the central bank in Washington.
Vartanian has also been mentioned as a candidate for the vice chair position. A financial services attorney for the Dechert law firm based in Washington, Vartanian has assisted large financial institutions with a host of complex transactions, and written frequently on financial rules. He recently filed a brief on behalf of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce as part of MetLife's case against federal regulators seeking to impose stricter rules on the insurance company. He also served in President Ronald Reagan's administration.
As director of international financial systems at Harvard Law School, Scott's focus has been on financial firms, regulation and capital markets. Scott is director of the Committee on Capital Markets Regulation, a research group made up of financial industry representatives and academics that has been critical of financial regulations.
At Harvard, Scott also worked alongside Senator Elizabeth Warren, who has emerged as the Democratic Party's strongest voice in favor of strict rules on the financial sector.
Speculation over who will fill the vice chair post has been intense on Wall Street and in Washington, as the open spot is widely seen as a critical position for Trump to follow through on his vows to relax rules on the financial sector. The position was created as part of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform law, but was never filled by President Barack Obama.
Chatter ramped up after the apparent favorite for the post removed his name from the running. General Electric executive David Nason withdrew his name from consideration in March, after he had been vetted for the post.
Former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo effectively filled the role as top regulatory voice at the Fed under Obama, but he stepped down at the beginning of April. Current Fed Governor Jay Powell has taken on those issues for the time being.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder and Olivia Oran; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
WASHINGTON An influential group of Republican and Democratic U.S. senators will file sweeping legislation on Wednesday to address the crisis in Venezuela, including sanctioning individuals responsible for undermining democracy or involved in corruption, Senate aides said.
The bill would provide $10 million in humanitarian aid to the struggling country, require the State Department to coordinate a regional effort to ease the crisis, and ask U.S. intelligence to report on the involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade, according to a copy seen by Reuters.
It also calls on President Donald Trump to take all necessary steps to prevent Rosneft, Russia's state oil company, from gaining control of any U.S. energy infrastructure.
Rosneft has been gaining ground in Venezuela as the country scrambles for cash. The Venezuelan state oil company, PDVSA, last year used 49.9 percent of its shares in its U.S. subsidiary, Citgo, as collateral for loan financing by Rosneft.
In total, Rosneft has lent PDVSA between $4 billion and $5 billion.
The measure comes as the international community has struggled to respond to deep economic crisis and street protests in the South American OPEC nation.
Some 29 people have been killed, more than 400 injured and hundreds more arrested since demonstrations against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government began in April amid severe shortages of food and medicine, deep recession and hyper-inflation.
On Tuesday, Venezuela's opposition blocked streets in the capital, Caracas, to denounce Maduro's decision to create a "constituent assembly," which critics said was a veiled attempt to cling to power by avoiding elections. [nL1N1I40HF]
Senate aides said the bill sought to react to the crisis by working with countries across the Americas and international organizations, rather than unilaterally, while targeting some of the root causes of the crisis and supporting human rights.
U.S. officials have long been reluctant to be too vocal about Venezuela, whose leaders accuse Washington of being the true force behind opposition to the country's leftist government.
PROMINENT SPONSORS
The lead sponsors of the legislation are Senator Ben Cardin, the senior Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Marco Rubio, the Republican chairman of the panel's western hemisphere subcommittee and a vocal critic of Venezuela's government.
Boosting its chances of getting through Congress, co-sponsors include Senator John Cornyn, the chamber's No. 2 Republican, and Senator Dick Durbin, the No. 2 Democrat, as well as Republican Senator John McCain, the influential chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
The bill has 11 sections, seeking to deal with the crisis with a broad brush.
Addressing corruption, it would require the U.S. State Department and intelligence agencies to prepare an unclassified report, with a classified annex, on any involvement of Venezuelan government officials in corruption and the drug trade.
The U.S. Treasury Department has in the past sanctioned Venezuelan officials or former officials, charging them with trafficking or corruption, a designation that allows their assets in the United States to be frozen and bars them from conducting financial transactions through the United States.
The officials have denied the charges, and called them a pretext as part of an effort to topple Maduro's government.
The new legislation seeks to put into law sanctions imposed under former President Barack Obama's executive order targeting individuals found to "undermine democratic governance" or involved in corruption.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Peter Cooney)
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
FRANKFURT (Reuters) - Deutsche Bank expects its costs to decline by only 4 percent to 23 billion euros ($28.8 billion) this year, shy of a previous target for 22 billion euros, mainly due to delays in planned divestitures.
“Nine hundred million euros of costs are attached to businesses that we had earmarked for sale or divestiture”, Chief Executive John Cryan told analysts on Friday.
“Those businesses are not core to us and remain not core. There's a reason why whatever action we were going to take is delayed, but we do expect the causes of those delays to go away,” he added.
Deutsche Bank earlier on Friday posted its third consecutive annual loss in 2017, taking a hit from challenging markets, a drop in investment bank revenue and a U.S. tax reform, after a difficult fourth quarter.
Cryan added that no large divestitures were planned beyond the flagged merger of its retail business with Postbank and the flotation of its asset manager DWS.
“It's a lot of tidying up, which we intend to do”, he said.
In 2017, Deutsche Bank among other sold its Polish retail business, while plans to pull out of Spain, Portugal and Belgium did not get off the ground.
UniRSM™ is now available on Cisco SolutionsPlus worldwide through Cisco Commerce
Consilium_ logo_ 2017
Contact
Consilium Software
***@consiliuminc.com Consilium Software
End
-- Consilium Software, a Cisco Preferred Solution Partner, has announced Consilium UniRSM™ as a SolutionsPlus replacement of the end-of-sale Cisco Remote Silent Monitoring (RSM) product. Consilium UniRSM™ is now available on Cisco SolutionsPlus worldwide through Cisco Commerce for ordering from the Cisco Global Price List (GPL.) Consilium UniRSM™ is designed for Cisco Contact Center Enterprise (Unified CCE and Packaged CCE) environments to provide phone-based real-time monitoring and coaching functions for remote supervisors and managers, as well as organizations with outsourced contact centers. Consilium Innovation Technology Labs had active participation from Cisco product engineering at all stages of the product lifecycle, with almost ten areas of architectural, reliability and feature improvements compared to the erstwhile Cisco RSM, which is not supported effective CCE release 11.6(x.)Silent monitoring is commonly used by contact center supervisors to listen in on live conversations between an agent and a customer (the agent and customer do not hear the supervisor), and coaching or whisper coaching is used when a supervisor needs to assist an agent during a customer conversation (converse with the agent without the customer hearing, while the supervisor and agent can both hear the customer.) With Consilium UniRSM™, silent monitoring and coaching can be done remotely, by dialing in from any phone in the world, without a network connection to the Cisco environment, providing an essential quality control and training tool to monitor agents' performance and give them real-time feedback and help as they serve customers."While RSM has been around for years, the revamped Consilium UniRSM™ is a result of incorporating the feedback Consilium and Cisco received from customers and partners around the older product. We wanted to make the new product ready for the 11generation of Cisco Contact Center Enterprise, simplify how quality control and training are done, and meet the twin goals of mobility and helping companies offer customers connected digital experiences powered by Consilium's complete suite of Cisco contact center SolutionsPlus products," said Pramod Ratwani, Founder and CEO, Consilium Software.· New architecture overcomes reliance on RTSP – no more audio streaming delays· Whisper Coaching feature – silently monitor or switch to coaching mode· Monitor multiple calls in the same login session – return to the main menu after each session· Monitor from the beginning of the call by selecting an agent even when not talking· Fully HA solution with failover across CCE interfaces, RSM application and database elements· Support for Cisco Visual Voice Browser (VVB) in addition to VXML gateways· Web-based reporting for all monitoring activity and administration portal for all system configs· Windows and Linux operating system supportTo enquire about the product, visit us at http://consiliuminc.com/ consilium/unirsm Consilium conceives, develops and delivers enterprise software for unified communications (UC) and contact centers to power transformative Customer Experience Management (CEM.) Our software adds CRM integration, service automation and insight to leading collaboration technology vendors. Consilium UniCloud™, UniAgent™, UniCampaign™, UniDashboard™and UniRSM™ products enhance the performance and productivity levels of enterprise customers and service providers. Our solutions are used by more than 500 companies, banks, telco's, and governments in 100 countries across six continents. Consilium Software was founded in Singapore, with software development and engineering labs in India, and subsidiaries and branch offices in Malaysia (Kuala Lumpur), Taiwan (Taipei City), the Philippines (Manila), Indonesia (Jakarta), Thailand (Bangkok), Australia (Melbourne) and Canada (Toronto.)Cisco SolutionsPlus delivers a one-stop ordering experience for approved third-party products and applications. It is a reselling program that places a select set of "Cisco Compatible" products on the Cisco Systems price list, enabling customers to order these non-Cisco products from Cisco sales teams and channel partners. Cisco SolutionsPlus vendors are part of the Solution Partner Program and provide all service and support. The key benefits are the ease of ordering, an established Cisco SolutionsPlus partner-coordinated support process, and that the products are thoroughly tested with Cisco solutions to help ensure integration, reliability and interoperability.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
KUALA LUMPUR: Malaysian police hunted the killers of the half-brother of North Korea's leader Wednesday as they tried to unravel the Cold War-style assassination which the South said was carried out by two female agents.
Pathologists in Kuala Lumpur were examining the body of Kim Jong-Nam for clues to how he died, as South Korea's spy chief told lawmakers he “strongly suspected” he had been poisoned.
CCTV images from the airport that emerged in Malaysian media of one of the suspects showed an Asian woman wearing a white top with the letters “LOL” emblazoned on the front.
The assassination, which analysts said could have been ordered over reports the dead man was readying to defect, illustrates the “brutal and inhumane” nature of the isolated regime, South Korea said.
If proved, the killing would be the highest-profile death on young leader Kim Jong-Un's watch since the 2013 execution of his uncle, Jang Song-Thaek, in a country with a long record of meting out brutal deaths.
South Korea's spy chief Lee Byung-Ho said the two women struck on Monday morning as Kim was readying to board a flight to Macau where he has spent many years in exile.
Malaysian police said Kim, a portly 45-year-old, was walking through the departure hall at Kuala Lumpur International Airport when he was attacked.
“He told the receptionist… someone had grabbed his face from behind and splashed some liquid on him,” Selangor state's criminal investigation chief Fadzil Ahmat was reported as saying by Malaysia's The Star newspaper.
“He asked for help and was immediately sent to the airport's clinic. At this point, he was experiencing headache and was on the verge of passing out,” said Fadzil.
“At the clinic, the victim experienced a mild seizure. He was put into an ambulance and was being taken to the Putrajaya Hospital when he was pronounced dead,” he said.
The head of Kuala Lumpur Hospital's forensics department, Mohamad Shah Mahmood, was taking part in the autopsy, according to an aide who asked not to be identified because they were not authorised to speak for the department.
Outside the forensics department, a black Jaguar sedan bearing the North Korean flag pulled up on Wednesday afternoon, followed by another vehicle.
Two men who emerged from the vehicles declined to speak to waiting media as they entered the building.
“The investigation is in progress. It covers everything including hunting down the possible suspects,” Abdul Samah Mat, chief of police of Selangor state which surrounds the capital, told Agence France-Presse.
Fall from grace
Kim had at one time been set to assume the leadership of his isolated country, but fell out of favor after an embarrassing attempt to get into Japan on a fake passport in 2001.
He has since lived in exile, mostly in the gambling haven of Macau, but he has also been spotted in other Asian countries and is believed to have enjoyed some protection from Chinese security forces.
Quizzed about the killing during a regular press conference, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said Beijing was aware of the reports.
“According to our understanding, the incident took place in Malaysia and the Malaysian side is investigating this issue. We are following the developments,” he said.
Seoul blasted the suspected assassination, with acting president Hwang Kyo-Ahn saying it showed “the brutality and inhumane nature of the North Korean regime”.
In Pyongyang, celebrations began for Thursday's anniversary of the birth of Kim Jong-Il, Jong-Nam's father, with no mention of the killing.
Around 3,000 uniformed government officials and women in traditional dresses gathered for an ice skating gala featuring North Korean and foreign skaters. Banners proclaiming “peace”, “independence” and “friendship” hung in the venue.
Jong-Un has been trying to strengthen his grip on power in the face of growing international pressure over his country's nuclear and missile programs, and regular reports have emerged on purges and executions.
Jong-Nam, known as an advocate of reform in the North, once told Japanese reporters that he opposed his country's dynastic system.
In a 2012 interview from his school in Bosnia, a 17-year-old Kim Han-Sol, Jong-Nam's son, said his father had been passed over for succession because he “was not really interested in politics”.
“I don't really know why he became a dictator,” Kim said of his uncle Kim Jong-Un. “It was between him and my grandfather.”
It emerged Wednesday that Jong-Nam had pleaded with his younger brother for his life to be spared after an earlier assassination attempt.
“Jong-Nam in April 2012 sent a letter to Jong-Un saying ‘Please spare me and my family,'” Kim Byung-Kee, a member of the parliamentary intelligence committee, told reporters.
“It also said ‘We have nowhere to go… we know that the only way to escape is suicide',” he said, after a closed-door briefing by Seoul's spy chief.
Cheong Seong-Chang of the independent Sejong Institute in Seoul said the assassination was “unthinkable without a direct order or approval from Kim Jong-Un himself”.
His killing was likely motivated by a recent news report that Kim Jong-Nam had sought to defect to the EU, the US or South Korea as far back as in 2012, he said. AFP
AFP/CC
April 20 Beijing Dabeinong Technology Group Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 40 percent to 70 percent, or to be 515.2 million yuan to 625.6 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (368.0 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of fodder and vaccine business, as well as decreased business operating expenses are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/HeA2gX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
[Noozhawk's note: This article is part of Day 5 in Noozhawk's 12-day, six-week special investigative series, Prescription for Abuse. Related links are below.]
Name: Peter Caldwell Pharm.D.
Location: Santa Barbara
Occupation: Pharmacist
Pharmacist Peter Caldwell jokes that his career path was set as an infant when his parents used a prescription cabinet for his bassinet.
Caldwell‘s family has been in the pharmacy business since his father, Mike, married a young woman named Mary who worked the cash register at a pharmacy in Seattle during the 1940s.
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
Caldwell runs L.M. Caldwell Pharmacy with a sense of humor — a good trait to have, given the size of the health-care industry today from what it was when he took over the family business in 1977.
“Bureaucracy is the biggest consumer of health care at the moment,” he said.
Getting insurance companies out of the health-care business would be the best thing for everyone, Caldwell says.
It is luck that the Caldwells ended up in Santa Barbara.
Caldwell's father was an avid golfer and grew tired of walking Seattle's soggy courses after it rained. After hearing about a golfer's paradise called La Jolla, he decided to move his family down the coast.
While visiting Santa Barbara on their way south, the family's Buick broke down and they were stranded for a three-day weekend. They enjoyed the beach community so much that they never left.
Caldwell got his pharmacology degree at the University of Washington and passed his state board exam before serving as an officer in the U.S. Coast Guard during the Vietnam War.
He was stationed in an administrative post at a training and supply base in the Seattle area before returning to Santa Barbara.
Caldwell's mother ran the pharmacy's business and worked there until she was 90.
“This was my mother's social life,” he said. “Here she had all this social activity all the time. She knew all the people, they knew her, and that's really what kept her going all that time.”
With neither of his daughters interested in becoming pharmacists, Caldwell, 67, plans to keep working as long as he enjoys it.
Caldwell says misuse of prescription medications is becoming a major issue but pharmacists are now prevented by HIPAA privacy rules from notifying each other about forged prescriptions.
“It put a damper on our ability to do the things we want to do to protect the public and the providers,” he said.
Caldwell says the state of California also made a mistake by no longer selling standardized prescription pads to physicians. Today, he says he sees prescription pads in a variety of shapes and with different security features.
“We're not cops,” Caldwell said. “We're not supposed to be having to check the validity of every person who comes through the door, but we're having to do that sort of thing.”
| Prescription for Abuse | Complete Series Index |
— Noozhawk intern Daniel Langhorne can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Spence's WhistlePig Whiskey Story Hits Vermont TVSpence's WhistlePig Whiskey Fund story made it to TV...in Burlington, Vermont. See the full report here.
Fifth Harmony Reveal Indefinite Hiatus“In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
Big Fat BribeWanna win some money? Heck yeah, you do! And we're not above paying for your affection. We've got $12,000 a day just burning a hole in our pocket -- and we wanna give it to you!
Join Us at Tivoli Village for 98.5 KLUC's Bunny Trail!Join us for FREE Easter egg hunts and fun for the whole family at Tivoli Village!
Spence's Challenge: Friday, Mar. 16thFive questions, thirty seconds... what do you say if you don't know the answer?
*PODCAST* The Chet Buchanan Show: Episode 48Missed Spence's Song of the Week?? Want to hear Kayla's Joke of the Week?? Get it here.
Portugal. the Man's 'Feel It Still' Remixed By 'Weird Al' Yankovic'Weird Al' also reworked the band's song 'Live in the Moment.'
Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus and Jennifer Hudson Join March For Our LivesThe March For Our Lives takes place on March 24 in Washington D.C.
Q-Tip and Demi Lovato Reveal Music Video for Elton John CoverIn the clip, a very eccentric dance party sees characters in extravagant costumes vibing to the slow driving beat of the music.
12 Rap Songs Nia Long Is Mentioned In...Of course we all know how big of a staple Nia Long is in the hip-hop community...
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the U.S. Masters on Thursday after sustaining a back injury in a freak fall.
The American, favourite to win the title after victories in his last three tournaments, slipped on stairs in his rental house on Wednesday.
He hit balls on the driving range on Thursday morning and arrived at the first tee before walking back to the clubhouse.
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
May 2 Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Rigel announces first quarter 2017 financial results and provides company update
* Q1 loss per share $0.13
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.12 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc - As of March 31, 2017, Rigel had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $98.1 million
* Rigel Pharmaceuticals-Expects cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments to be sufficient to support current and projected funding requirements
* Rigel Pharmaceuticals - Is selecting a molecule from its irak program for preclinical development
* Rigel Pharmaceuticals-Expected that irak program development will include clinical evaluation in immunology areas, such as for lupus, gout and/or psoriasis
* Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc qtrly contract revenues from collaborations $3.6 million versus $5.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Van de Velde:
* Said on Wednesday it expects a lower EBITDA for 2017 through a combination of stable turnover and accelerated investments
* As a consequence of the challenging retail environment in the markets and channels where Van de Velde istraditionally active and the negative effect of the evolution of the British pound, Van de Velde expects thattotal turnover in 2017 will not grow compared to 2016
* Therefore Van de Velde accelerates its investments in areas which will contribute to the further international growth potential
* These investments in the future will result in higher expenses in 2017 and 2018
Source text: bit.ly/2pEYCVL
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A Chinese flag is seen near a construction site in Beijing's central business area, China, January 17, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Lee
HONG KONG China's economy, the world's second largest, will likely expand 6.8 percent in the first quarter of 2017, the official Xinhua agency quoted a government think tank as saying on Wednesday.
The expected pace is on par with the 6.8 percent growth logged in the fourth quarter, which was better than market expectations due to higher government spending and record bank lending.
The National Academy of Economic Strategy attributed the first-quarter expansion to a strong rise in factory-gate prices, rebounding corporate profits and increasing imports, Xinhua said.
"The focus of macro-economic policies should be in supply-side structural reforms to boost potential output in the long run," Wang Hongju, a researcher at the academy, was quoted by Xinhua as saying.
In the first half of the year, GDP will grow by 6.7 percent. Industrial production is likely to increase moderately in the second quarter, while investment sees slightly slower growth, according to the think tank.
It warned that the government should guard against risks in the property and financial sectors by properly managing monetary and land supply "floodgates", Xinhua said.
(Reporting by Meg Shen in Hong Kong and Lee Chyen Yee in Singapore; editing by Andrew Roche)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Bank Millennium:
* Q4 NET INTEREST INCOME 449.2 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 447 MILLION ZLOTYS AS SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* Q4 NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME 169.4 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 168 MILLION ZLOTYS SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* Q4 NET PROFIT 179.6 MILLION ZLOTYS VERSUS 178 MILLION ZLOTYS SEEN IN REUTERS POLL
* WILL RECOMMEND TO RETAIN 2017 PROFIT Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
SEATTLE, April 13 A new version of Boeing Co's 737 jetliner took off for the first time on Thursday, marking another step in Boeing's revamp of its best-selling product line.
Boeing's 737 MAX 9, a fuel-efficient, long-range successor to the 737-900, took off at 1:52 p.m. ET (1752 GMT) from Renton Municipal Airport in Renton, Washington, on a test flight to help prepare the new version for delivery to customers next year. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
AMSTERDAM Message from the front line of a takeover battle: even the smartest investors can make sloppy mistakes with a sensitive email.
In a communication seen by Reuters, Gordon Singer of hedge fund Elliot Advisors accidentally included a representative of AkzoNobel (AKZO.AS) in an otherwise internal distribution list on Tuesday.
Not just any email, but one in which Elliott's team discussed tactics after privately informing Akzo it and other investors would seek to convene a meeting of Akzo shareholders to discuss the dismissal of Chairman Antony Burgmans due to his opposition to takeover talks with PPG Industries (PPG.N)..
Akzo has said PPG's 24.6 billion euros (20.90 billion pounds) offer is not worth discussing further - a stance which has angered some shareholders who see scope for further talks between the two sides.
The Singer email speculated on whether Akzo would make public the letter calling for Burgman's dismissal and said shareholders would withdraw their call for a meeting if Burgmans did agree to talks with PPG. In a footnote, Singer instructed an Elliott employee to inform PPG that it had sent the letter to Akzo about the possible meeting.
Akzo Nobel's director of investor relations Lloyd Midwinter was mistakenly included as one of the addressees.
In its response to the letter, Akzo said it fully backed the chairman. Perhaps having noticed the footnote to the email, Akzo also filed a complaint with the Dutch financial markets authority AFM, alleging PPG and Elliott may have engaged in improper sharing of sensitive information. It demanded to know what if any agreements exist between PPG and Elliott.
Though it was not immediately clear what rules the U.S. company and the British fund might have violated, both felt obliged to respond. Elliott confirmed that it and other investors had been in contact with PPG.
Elliott is "aware of its various regulatory obligations, including obligations related to handling price sensitive, or potentially price sensitive, information," it said in a statement.
PPG "has always maintained its strict and long-standing policy of not sharing any material, non-public information and has acted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including those of the Netherlands, with respect to communications with any shareholders," it said.
"There has not been any, and there are currently no agreements or arrangements, in whatever form, between PPG and Elliott Advisors."
AFM confirmed it had received a complaint from Akzo but declined to comment on whether it would take any action.
(Editing by David Holmes)
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – When you think of flu season, mid-April isn't the first thing that comes to mind.
According to the Center for Disease Control's website and doctors from Vidant Medical Center, flu season is longer than it was last year.
During flu season, the two most common strands of flu, type “A” and “B”.
The state of North Carolina has seen a decrease in the number of “A” cases, but “B” is still lingering around.
The CDC says 26 flu-related deaths have been reported in the state of North Carolina in the past two weeks including Pitt and surrounding counties.
“It's mostly elderly patients that we've seen and of course they are quite vulnerable to flu and to severe cases and even death it's just surprising that it is so late in the season,” said Dr. Keith Ramsey of Vidant Medical Center. He added that last year was a mild year for flu cases and a flu season is considered significant if they have more than 200 deaths.
Dr. Ramsey also told 9 On Your Side to get yourself vaccinated if you haven't already no matter your age. He added that if you're scared of the flu shot to remember it could result in a much milder case.
Even though there are more cases than last year, Vidant just lowered their caution level on their campus, allowing children to enter the hospital once again, meaning the conclusion could be near.
You can help stop the spread of the flu by coughing in your arm and washing your hands frequently.
May 3 Digital Power Corp
* Digital Power Corporation signs definitive agreement to purchase control of Microphase Corporation
* Digital Power Corp - entry into an agreement that, upon consummation, will result in acquisition of control of Microphase Corporation
* Digital Power Corp- deal includes co acquiring 1.6 million shares of MPC common stock, representing 58 pct of MPC's issued and outstanding shares
* Digital Power Corp- anticipated net income may not match growth in gross revenues and may continue to experience losses through 2017 and 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 3 (Reuters) -
* BMW Of North America LLC says in total, bmw group in the U.S. (BMW and MINI combined) reported MARCH sales of 36,002 vehicles, an increase of 3.5 percent
* BMW Of North America LLC - sales of BMW brand vehicles increased 3.3 percent in March for total of 31,015 compared to 30,033 vehicles sold in March, 2016 Source - (bit.ly/2nTmKVt) Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
UPDATE: THE sighting of a six foot shark closed down Moore Park Beach for an hour today.
Surf Life Saving Queensland's Jamie Findlay confirmed a lifeguard on duty spotted the shark while three people were swimming at the beach early in the afternoon.
"We are not quite sure what type of shark it was but it was about six foot in length,” Mr Findlay said.
The beach was closed for an hour but has since reopened.
"Operating procedures state beaches are to be closed for at least 60 minutes after a sighting before we can reopen the area again,” Mr Findlay said.
"If anyone spots a shark, always alert a lifeguard or lifesaver on duty and always be sure to swim between the red and yellow flags.”
Ashley Clark
EARLIER: A BUNDABERG beach has been closed by lifeguards after a shark was spotted.
Surf Life Saving Queensland posted to twitter today that a shark was spotted at Moore Park Beach.
"Lifeguards have closed Moore Park Beach near Bundaberg due to a confirmed shark sighting,” the post read.
"Stay out of the water.”
The message was posted about an hour ago.
The NewsMail is in communication with Surf Life Saving Queensland for further details.
Lifesavers at Bundaberg Surf Life Saving Club closed the beach at Nielson Park temporarily on November 18 after a confirmed shark sighting.
It was reopened again after a thorough search for the shark.
More to come.
People wait to enter the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, April 20, 2017. Picture taken April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
An employee of the U.S. Embassy prepares people who are queuing up to enter the embassy in Havana, Cuba, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
People wait to enter the U.S. Embassy, seen in the background, in Havana, Cuba, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
People wait in line to enter the U.S. Embassy in Havana, Cuba, April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Alexandre Meneghini
HAVANA The flood of Cubans to the United States via perilous journeys by sea or land has turned into a mere trickle since the end of the U.S. preferential asylum policy for them, data obtained by Reuters shows.
Critics of the Castro government used to point to the exodus as proof that Cubans preferred capitalism over socialism. Havana blamed it on the U.S. policy granting automatic residency to virtually all Cubans who arrived on U.S. turf.
The Obama administration on Jan. 12 repealed this special treatment as part of the ongoing normalization of relations between the former Cold War foes.
President Donald Trump is not expected to reverse the last-minute move, given his anti-immigration stance, and even many Cuban-American Republicans reluctantly backed it, citing abuses of U.S. generosity.
"They've closed the door to us and cut our wings," said Juan, a 27-year-old electrician who had been planning to attempt for a fourth time to reach the United States by raft when the policy shift occurred.
The U.S. Coast Guard said it intercepted 49 Cubans off the coast of Florida in February and March this year, compared with 407 in the same period in 2016. Dominicans now make up the bulk of migrants intercepted off the coast of Florida, whereas previously, it had been Cubans.
Just 86 Cubans arrived at ports of entry along the U.S.-Mexico border in February and March to make credible claims of fear of return to their home country, according to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency.
That compares with 11,892 Cubans who arrived at those ports in the same period last year, seeking relief under the "wet foot, dry foot" policy, which allowed any Cuban who reached U.S. soil to stay but returned any picked up at sea.
"That drop is pretty significant when you consider that in 2016, Cuba's economy contracted for the first time in a generation," said Sarah Stephens, executive director of the Center for Democracy in the Americas.
Cuba said its economy shrank 0.9 percent last year in tandem with the crisis in key ally and trading partner Venezuela.
Cubans who previously tried to reach the United States without a visa say it does not make sense now, given the risk of being deported. Hundreds have been sent home in the past few months, from both the United States and other countries they had travelled through in quest of the American Dream.
The number of migrants exploded in recent years as Cubans feared the end of the special U.S. asylum treatment, prompting surrounding countries to tighten migration rules for them.
Those who still want to leave, whether because of the difficulty of earning a living wage on the island or political repression, say they are left with few options.
Only a few countries, like Guyana and Russia, do not ask Cubans for visas, and visa requirements for the rest are difficult for most Cubans to fulfil.
Some Cubans who previously would have attempted to reach the United States illegally will likely instead apply for asylum, immigration lawyers say.
That is the case for actor and comedian Andres Serrano, who tried to leave by raft three times. He says he faces state persecution for his political satire, for which authorities branded him "antisocial" and "counterrevolutionary."
Serrano, 38, is perhaps best known for his parody in 2015 of the popular song "Bailando" by Enrique Iglesias. "Remando," or Rowing, about the experience of Cubans trying to escape by raft, went viral online.
The United States has historically taken in a large number of Cuban refugees. Yet Serrano is not hopeful - his brother's asylum application was rejected earlier this month.
Serrano, Juan and others say those who have been caught trying to leave face an even tougher time back home.
Getting work with the state, for example, becomes impossible, given that it holds a monopoly on broadcasting and theatre.
"I feel imprisoned," said Serrano, who provides for his family doing construction work.
(Additional reporting by Nelson Acosta; Editing by Christian Plumb and Dan Grebler)
April 20 Bear State Financial Inc
* Bear State Financial, Inc. announces first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 core earnings per share $0.15
* Q1 earnings per share $0.13
* Q1 revenue rose 12 percent to $23 million
* Bear State Financial Inc says net interest income for Q1 of 2017 was $18.8 million compared to $16.9 million for same period in 2016
* Bear State Financial Inc - Book value per common share was $6.31 at March 31, 2017, a 6% increase from $5.96 at March 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers were feeling more confident in April, rebounding to a level close to the 18-year high it had reached two months ago.
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its confidence index rose to 128.7 in April, up from a March level of 127.0. The March level was just below the 130.0 hit in February, which had been the highest since November 2000.
The business research group's index measures consumers' assessment of current conditions and their outlook for the next six months. Conference Board economist Lynn Franco said the strength in the confidence survey suggest that the economy will continue to expand at a solid pace in the months ahead.
Consumers' assessment of current economic conditions improved somewhat, with consumers rating both business and labor market conditions favorably.
Advertisement
Analysts said the strength in confidence reflects a strong labor market with unemployment at a 17-year low, as well as the impact of the $1.5 trillion in tax cuts approved in December, which began showing up in workers' paychecks earlier this year.
Analysts said that confidence was also helped by less stock market volatility in recent weeks and a lessening of worries about a full-blown trade war erupting in response to the Trump administration's tougher policies.
But some analysts said the high confidence levels may be over-stating the potential for consumer spending growth in coming months.
"The sluggishness of real income growth, even after the tax cuts, means that spending cannot rise as fast as the surveys appear to imply," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Economics.
MOSCOW, April 28 Russian state development bank VEB said on Friday it suffered a loss of 111.9 billion roubles ($1.97 billion) in 2016 after making a profit of 14.9 billion roubles in 2015.
VEB also said in a statement it has to pay back $2 billion in debt this year. ($1 = 56.8806 roubles) (Reporting by Kira Zavyalova; Writing by Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Jack Stubbs)
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
MILAN May 3 Intesa Sanpaolo is in talks to sell 2.5 billion euros in bad loans to a duo comprising U.S. firm Christofferson Robb & Company (CRC) and problem loan manager Bayview Asset Management, three sources close to the matter said on Wednesday.
The sources said Intesa had not yet entered into an exclusivity agreement with CRC, which may give other bidders a chance to re-enter the game.
Two consortia comprising Apollo Global Management in tandem with Credito Fondiario on one side and Cerberus Capital Management in tandem with Cerved on the other were also in the running for the sale, dubbed "Beyond the clouds".
Italian banks are under pressure by European Central Bank supervisors to cut problem loans that amount to nearly one fifth of overall lending on an aggregate basis.
Bad loans or "sofferenze" are the worst kind of soured debts, where borrowers have defaulted or are deemed insolvent. Banks are also beginning to tackle so-called unlikely-to-pay loans, to prevent them from turning into bad debts, to comply with ECB's guidelines.
One source said Intesa was working also on a second project involving unlikely-to-pay loans and aimed to join forces with an investor that would help it better manage the portfolio by working on the assets pledged as collateral.
A second source said binding bids for this 1.35 billion euro portfolios, dubbed "Project Rep", were due by May 19.
The first source said around a dozen international investors had shown an interest as they bet on a recovery in the Italian property market.
Bidders are expected to include Fortress, Apollo, Cerberus Capital Management, Pimco in tandem with servicer GWM Capital Advisors, Starwood Capital in tandem with San Francisco-based TPG.
All the interested parties declined to comment. (Reporting by Massimo Gaia and Gianluca Semeraro, additional reporting and writing by Valentina Za, editing by Stephen Jewkes)
OTTAWA, April 28 The Canadian economy stalled in February after a healthy start to the year but is still on track to meet and possibly exceed the Bank of Canada's forecast for first-quarter annualized growth, analysts said.
Statistics Canada said on Friday that February gross domestic product was flat, matching the forecast of analysts in a Reuters poll. This followed three months of consecutive gains, including a 0.6 percent jump in January.
The Bank of Canada, which cut rates twice in 2015 and has consistently stressed the downside risks to the economy, predicted on April 12 that first-quarter annualized growth would be 3.8 percent.
Derek Holt, head of capital markets economics at Scotiabank, said that even if March growth came in flat as well, annualized first-quarter growth should be around 4 percent, an estimate matched by other analysts.
"It is a soft month in an otherwise solid quarter. Some moderation was expected after the torrid pace of growth in January," he said in a phone interview.
Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said on April 12 that it was too early to conclude the economic growth is sustainable. Most economists do not expect the central bank to hike rates until next year.
The Canadian dollar was little changed after the news, trading at C$1.3634 to the U.S. dollar, or 73.35 U.S. cents.
Statscan said service-providing industries advanced by 0.2 percent in February on strength in the real estate and rental and leasing sector, as well as the finance and insurance sector.
Goods-producing industries declined by 0.3 percent on weaker manufacturing as well as mining, quarrying and oil and gas extraction.
"One can't be too disappointed in an economy that takes a one-month breather after a stunning three-month run," said Avery Shenfeld, chief economist at CIBC Capital Markets, who also.
Separately, Statscan said Canadian producer prices rose in March for the seventh month in a row, increasing by 0.8 percent from February in part on higher prices for motorized and recreational vehicles.
(Additional reporting by Fergal Smith in Toronto; Editing by Bernadette Baum)
MILAN (AP) — Financial markets have calmed amid signs that Italy may avoid imminent elections after President Sergio Mattarella gave two populist parties time to figure out whether they can agree on an alternative to a euroskeptic economy minister.
The leader of the 5-Star Movement, Luigi Di Maio, has proposed moving the contested ministerial candidate to a different Cabinet post. League leader Matteo Salvini, meanwhile, said he isn't closing the doors on any solution. But he's also showing some resistance to the change, saying "if someone in Berlin or Paris wakes up in a bad mood that doesn't mean that an Italian minister gets kicked out."
Mattarella gave the leaders time to form a coalition government after markets plunged on news of an interim administration that would take Italy to new elections.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli forces on Sunday destroyed a “significant” cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip, which the military said was being dug by the enclave's dominant Islamist group, Hamas.
An Israeli tank is seen near what the Israeli forces said was a "significant" cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip, which was being dug by the enclave's dominant Islamist group, Hamas, near Israel's border with the Gaza Strip December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
The announcement, cleared by Israeli censors who had previously barred reports of detection work around the central Gaza frontier, followed a surge of Palestinian unrest in response to last week's U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
It also came as Palestinian factions tried to meet Sunday's deadline for an Egyptian-mediated handover of Gaza by Hamas to Western-backed President Mahmoud Abbas after a decade's schism.
A network of Gaza tunnels allowed Hamas gunmen to blindside Israel's superior forces during the 2014 war and the Israelis, with U.S. help, have since stepped up work on counter-measures.
The tunnel destroyed on Sunday ran hundreds of metres into Israeli territory and, though unfinished, was a new project that showed “a significant effort by Hamas”, military spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Jonathan Conricus told reporters.
A drill (C) is seen as it works on what the Israeli forces said was a "significant" cross-border attack tunnel from the Gaza Strip, which was being dug by the enclave's dominant Islamist group, Hamas, near Israel's border with the Gaza Strip December 10, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen
He did not elaborate on how Israel knew Hamas was responsible for the tunnel, which he said reached to within 1km (0.6 miles) of the nearest Israeli civilian community.
FILE PHOTO: Israel military vehicles patrol the Israeli side of the Israel-Gaza border January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
Hamas did not respond immediately to a request for comment.
The previous such announcement was on Oct. 30, when Israel blew up a tunnel dug by Islamic Jihad. In the process of that demolition, 10 gunmen from the group and another two from Hamas were killed - deaths that Israeli sources described as an unintended result of the passage's collapse within Gazan turf.
Conricus said that “to the best of our knowledge” there were no such casualties on Sunday, though he added that the tunnels could be “death traps” for Gaza gunmen.
“The IDF (Israel Defence Forces) will continue to discover, expose and demolish these terror tunnels,” he said.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
click to enlarge Tishaura Jones, the city's treasurer, is criticizing police participation in a reality TV show.
The tragedy inflicted upon this wrongfully accused man, however, is only the latest injustice in this show's history. In Detroit, city police shot a 7-year-old girl in the head in a bungled attempt to catch a suspect on The First 48. In Houston, another man was locked up for three years after cops wrongfully accused him of murder within the first 48 hours. And in Miami, according to a New Times examination of court records, at least 15 men have walked free of murder charges spawned under the program's glare.
On May 16, 2010, after First 48 videographers expressed a desire to achieve a "good show" and capture "great video footage," police stormed a duplex in an impoverished neighborhood, according to a federal lawsuit. It was past midnight. All the streetlights had suddenly gone black. The cops were hunting for a murder suspect. As cameras rolled and dogs bayed madly, city police fired a flash-bang grenade through a front window.
"Police!" one officer cried. The grenade exploded next to a living-room couch where a 7-year-old girl, Aiyana Jones, slept. From the patio, a cop lowered a submachine gun and fired into the house, striking the girl in the head. Upon entry, however, the cops realized they'd raided the wrong house. Their suspect lived next door. The officer who fired the gun, Joseph Weekley, was indicted for manslaughter and awaits trial. First 48 producer Allison Howard pleaded guilty last year to obstruction of justice after she lied about "copying, showing, or giving video footage she shot of the raid to third parties," Detroit prosecutors said. The episode was never aired.
This month, the reality TV showbegins shooting in St. Louis, following homicide detectives in real time as they attempt to solve the city's most serious cases.But at least one mayoral candidate isn't happy with the city's upcoming moment in the spotlight. City Treasurer Tishaura Jones, who is vying to replace outgoing mayor Francis Slay in February's election, says she has serious concerns about the show's presence in St. Louis."In light of what's going on nationwide with relationships between police and the community, I don't think this is a good look for us at this time," she says. "I would like to see them pull the plug."But Police Chief Sam Dotson defended his department's participation, saying that the show's willingness to follow detectives as they work over weeks and even months on a single case will highlight the important work his officers do.The city's crime problem, which includes a murder rate among the highest in the nation per capita, is common knowledge, he says. The show will present the flip side. "This will show we have some of the most qualified, skilled detectives working anywhere in the country," he vows.He also notes the potential for greater transparency. "Having a third party watching over your shoulder as you work a case from start to finish can only be a good thing," he says.Dotson says he's gotten numerous offers in his tenure as chief to have the department participate in reality TV programming. He accepted this offer only because the show has a longstanding track record — and because numerous detectives told him they are fans. "They said it's the best show they've seen that captures what it's like to be a homicide detective," he says.The show has filmed everywhere from Miami to Detroit, but not without some controversy. A lengthy story in the's former sister paper, the, charged in its headline " The First 48 makes millions off imprisoning innocents ."In the story, writer Terrence McCoy details a case where Miami Police got the wrong man — leaving him to languish in jail for twenty months before charges were finally dropped. The real killers meanwhile walked free.Writes McCoy,The story later goes deeper on the Detroit case:Shenanigans like that concern Jones. She also fears that witnesses will be only more intimidated by the presence of TV cameras — and that the show will only air the city's "dirty laundry."As treasurer, she says, she was contacted by producers hoping to film a show following parking enforcement officers. "I didn't think it would be a good idea for us to be featured that way," she says. "I said no."
Why it matters: The PC market might have been stagnating for several years now, but it seems nobody told HP Inc. The biggest personal computer maker in the world continues to see growth and has had yet another great quarter, beating analysts' expectations in its Q2 2018 revenue report.
For the three months to April 30, HP Inc's revenue was up 13 percent YoY to $14 billion, marking the seventh quarter in a row that sales have grown. The company's personal systems business, which covers notebooks and desktops, was up 14.5 percent to $8.76 billion in Q2, beating analysts' predictions of $8.28 billion.
Net income saw a massive 89 percent jump from $600 million one year ago to $1.1 billion, while non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.48. Revenue from the firm's printing business was also up YoY, climbing 11 percent from $4.73 billion to $5.24 billion.
HP Inc. has raised its full-year adjusted profit estimates to between $1.97 to $2.02 per share, up from $1.90 to $2.00. Analysts were looking for $1.97. It also increased its projected cash flow for 2018, from $3 billion up to $3.7 billion.
Despite the positive quarter, HP Inc. is increasing its reorganizational efforts. The company is cutting around 1 to 2 percent of its workforce, and expects restructuring costs to raise by $150 million to $200 million.
"We delivered another quarter of double digit year over year revenue and profit growth, strong EPS and impressive free cash flow and performed well across segments and regions,” said CEO Dion Weisler.
Thanks to strong sales of high-end PCs such as gaming laptops, HP Inc. appears to be the exception in what is currently a sluggish industry. IDC reports that it shipped 13.7 million computers in Q1, giving it a 23 percent market share and yearly growth of 4.3 percent.
- WWE uploaded the full WWE World Heavyweight Championship match at the 2016 Money In The Bank pay-per-view pitting then-champion Roman Reigns defending his title against Seth Rollins. Rollins defeated Reigns with a pedigree to win the title, however the celebration was short-lived. Dean Ambrose, who won the Money In The Bank ladder match earlier in the evening, cashed in on Rollins and won the championship.
- WWE Hall of Famer Bret Hart revealed on Instagram that he will receive an honorary Bachelor of Physical Literacy from Mount Royal University in Calgary this Friday.
See Also Seth Rollins Says That The Undertaker Should Retire
- It appears as if The Undertaker may finally be joining social media. Taker, who has never had an Instagram or Twitter account (yes, those are all fake), is on Instagram @Undertaker. The account has been verified, and is followed by his wife, Michelle McCool. You can check out the first post to the account below:
LONDON British tech entrepreneur Patrick Bergel has become the first man to drive a car across the Antarctic, completing the feat 100 years after his great grandfather, explorer Ernest Shackleton, failed to cross the icy continent on foot.
Bergel encountered minus 28-degrees Celsius (minus 18F) temperatures during his 30-day trip across the 5,800km (3,600 miles) stretch in a five-door car fitted with extra large wheels and snow track grips.
The 46-year-old's modified 2.2 liter diesel car was engraved with the names of the crew members who accompanied his great grandfather Shackleton on his failed bid to cross the Antarctic a century ago.
"I like to think, he'd be proud and pleased that a member of his family had finally pulled off something that he'd tried to do," Bergel told Reuters in London.
"But ... what we'd done was maybe a thousandth as hard as it had been back in 1916-17."
Shackleton's bid to become the first man to cross the continent had ended when his boat sank in ice, with the explorer and his crew sailing hundreds of miles to safety on lifeboats.
Bergel said they had used GPS and meetings with Antarctic experts in a bid to avoid floating ice caps and a similar fate on his December trip, which started at Union Glacier and went past the South Pole, Leverett Glacier and the Trans-Antarctic Mountains.
"I'm not a polar explorer by trade, it's not my day job by any means, so this was something quite new for me," Bergel said.
"There were a few little bumps on the way but fortunately no deaths."
(Writing by Patrick Johnston; Editing by Toby Chopra)
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting his very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has his own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
Francois Fillon, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, reacts as he delivers a speech at his campaign headquarters in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Francois Fillon, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 French presidential election candidate of the French centre-right, delivers a speech at his campaign headquarters in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
PARIS Conservative French presidential candidate Francois Fillon, who failed on Sunday to qualify for the runoff, urged voters to back centrist Emmanuel Macron, saying far-right leader Marine Le Pen would bankrupt France if elected.
"There is no other choice but to vote against the far right, I will vote for Emmanuel Macron," Fillon told supporters after early projections indicated that Macron and Le Pen had made it into the May 7 runoff after a first round of voting on Sunday.
An early favourite in the campaign, Fillon struggled to recover ground lost after allegations emerged in the press that he had used public funds to pay family members for work they had not done.
(Reporting by John Irish and Geert De Glecq; writing by Leigh Thomas; editing by Noah Barkin)
FRANKFURT, April 12 German telecom service provider Freenet expects a rise in 2017 core earnings to more than 410 million euros ($434.72 million) on higher revenues, the company told investors at its capital markets day on Wednesday.
The outlook is a rise from last year's 402 million euros and excludes results from its holdings in Swiss telecoms operator Sunrise, in which Freenet holds a 24.6 percent stake.
The company did not provide a concrete revenue expectation for 2017. Analysts expect 2017 revenues to rise to 3.47 billion euros from 3.36 billion in 2016, the data showed, with estimates of between 3.35 billion and 3.61 billion euros, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Freenet is a German mobile telecom services reseller and operates under a service provider model, rather than as a mobile virtual network operator (MNVO), like most of its competitors.
This means that it offers mobile plans on all German mobile networks via its own retail network and its website.
It has around 12 million mobile subscribers, corresponding with bout 12 percent of the German market.
Freenet last year acquired Media Broadcast Group and a stake in digital television distribution company eXaring, which together form the base of Freenet's digital media strategy.
The company also said that it expected EBITDA and revenues to slightly rise further in 2018. ($1 = 0.9431 euros) (Reporting by Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Edward Taylor)
March 29 Alliance Pharma Plc:
* FY pre-tax profit rose 103 percent to 22.2 mln pounds
* FY revenue rose 102 pct to 97.5 million stg
* Final dividend up 10 pct to 0.807 pence per share
* Total dividend up 10 pct to 1.21 pence per share
* Current year has started well and we look forward to building on our foundations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital launches green investment strategy
June 15 Saudi Arabia's Sedco Capital said on Thursday it has launched an investment strategy combining environment-conscious and sharia-compliant principles, as Islamic financial firms gradually embrace socially responsible investing.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Northern United Publishing & Media Group Co Ltd:
* SAYS BOARD APPOINTS CHEN CHUANG AS GENERAL MANAGER, REPLACING ZHANG DONGPING WHO RESIGNED DUE TO CHANGE IN JOB ROLE Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2Ez9GeX Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
(Reuters) - An experimental Roche Holding AG drug, added to standard therapy, led to a far higher rate of remission and helped patients with an advanced, aggressive blood cancer live significantly longer than the standard treatment alone, according to data from a mid-stage trial released at a medical meeting on Sunday.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Swiss pharmaceutical company Roche is seen outside their headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, January 30, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich/File Photo
In the trial of 80 patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) whose disease had progressed despite several treatment regimens, the addition of Roche's polatuzumab vedotin raised the complete response rate to 40 percent. That compared with 15 percent who achieved a complete response with just the standard drugs - Roche's Rituxan and Teva's Treanda chemotherapy. Complete response indicates no detectable signs of cancer.
There was a 65-percent reduction of risk of death with polatuzumab, researchers reported at the American Society of Hematology meeting in Atlanta. Median overall survival was 11.8 months for the polatuzumab combination versus 4.7 months for patients who received standard therapy.
“These results exceeded our expectations both for the complete response rate, because this is a heavily pre-treated population, and also that we were able to detect an overall survival benefit of this magnitude,” said Sandra Horning, Roche's chief medical officer and head of product development.
Roche needs new cancer drugs as it begins to face competition from cheaper biosimilar versions of its longtime blockbuster oncology medicines Avastin and Herceptin.
Polatuzumab is a newer type of medicine called antibody drug conjugates designed to link therapeutic antibodies to cancer cell-killing agents while minimizing the effect on normal cells.
Polatuzumab, which targets a specific protein expressed in the majority of B-cell lymphomas, has received breakthrough therapy designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration the priority medicines tag from European regulators, indicating that it is widely viewed as a potentially important advance.
It is also being tested in combination with other newer Roche medicines.
Average duration of response improved from 3.7 months with the standard therapy to 8.8 months with the three-drug combination in the Phase II study.
No unexpected safety signals were observed with the addition of polatuzumab, the company said.
DLBCL is a fast growing and the most common form of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
German, British and European Union flags fly in front of the Reichstag building in Berlin, Germany July 20, 2016. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
BERLIN Britain's departure from the European Union will significantly hurt German firms' business with the country and investment will decline strongly in the long term, Germany's DIHK Chambers of Commerce said on Tuesday.
A day before British Prime Minister Theresa May triggers divorce proceedings with the EU, the DIHK published a survey of around 1,300 German firms showing that expectations of higher costs due to customs duties, taxes and increased bureaucracy would hurt business for both Britain and Germany.
DIHK said looming Brexit was already taking its toll, with German exports to Britain falling by more than 3.5 percent in 2016, largely due to a drop in the second half of the year after Britons voted in June to leave the EU.
"We should expect further declines in trade in the coming months," DIHK President Eric Schweitzer said, adding that four in 10 companies that participated in the survey conducted in February expected business to weaken.
Britain was Germany's fifth most important trading partner in 2016, with goods worth 121.6 billion euros being traded between them last year, Federal Statistics Office data shows.
Almost one in 10 companies are already planning to withdraw investment from Britain and put it elsewhere even though the terms of Britain's departure are not yet known, he said.
Germany's VDMA engineering industry association said Britain would remain an important trade and investment partner for European companies even after Brexit.
UPHEAVALS
VDMA Managing Director Thilo Brodtmann called for quick and transparent Brexit negotiations, predicting there would be "significant upheavals" in bilateral trade if Britain and the EU fail to reach a deal within the two-year negotiating period.
"But it's clear that maintaining the single market in the long term is more important for industry than short-term trade facilitation with Britain so an agreement with the EU should not be more attractive than EU membership," Brodtmann said.
May has made clear Britain will not remain in the single market or customs union after Brexit.
Berlin is worried that the two-year negotiation period will not suffice to conclude a new free trade deal and that would entail "significant" risks for financial markets, a German newspaper reported on Monday.
KfW state development bank said Germany could cope with a 'hard Brexit' - in which Britain quits without a free trade deal with the EU - even if some companies with a strong focus on business with Britain suffered.
The DIHK survey found that maintaining free movement of goods was the top priority for German companies in the Brexit talks. Some 88 percent said avoiding customs duties and import taxes between the two countries was the most important issue.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller and Rene Wagner; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Madeline Chambers and Gareth Jones)
Jordan Spieth's father, Shawn Spieth of MVPindex, talks about some of the top athletes on social media as tracked by his company. He also discusses how the relationship between endorsers and advertisers is evolving due to social media. Plus, why the NHL isn't going to participate in the 2018 Winter Olympics and the sudden athletic prowess of Las Vegas.
The headquarters of the Norwegian Directorate of Immigration in Oslo. Photo: Gorm Kallestad / NTB scanpix
58,200 people were registered as having immigrated to Norway in 2017, 8,600 fewer than in 2016. That represents the largest proportional decrease ever.
A primary reason for the large decrease is the drop in arrivals from Syria, news agency NTB reports.
Norway's net immigration in 2017 was 21,300 – a decrease of 4,700 from the preceding year. The net change was the result of 8,600 fewer immigrations and 3,900 fewer emigrations, according to figures from official agency Statistics Norway (SSB).
“After the atypical 2016, immigration from Asia and particularly Syria is again lower, which explains much of the decline in the overall immigration. Meanwhile, fewer people left Norway, even though the total is the third largest ever recorded,” SSB consultant Adrian Haugen Ordemann told NRTB.
Many people are still leaving Norway, evening though the total number is lower than it was in 2016, the year with the record number.
In particular, fewer people from Asian and Nordic countries are leaving, SSB found.
Of the 58,200 people who moved to Norway last year, 8,400 were Norwegian citizens while 49,800 were foreign nationals.
“The year-on-year decline has never been greater since records began in 1958. The number of Asians in particular has decreased, with Syrians making up a large proportion.
“Much of the explanation for that is connected to the implementation of border controls in Schengen countries and the EU-Turkey agreement that was implemented in spring 2016 to limit the flow of asylum seekers to Europe, in the wake of the refugee crisis that took place in 2015,” Ordemann told NTB.
The three years in which the highest levels of emigration from Norway were recorded are 2015, 2016 and 2017. After the peak in 2016, a decline of 3,900 emigrations was recorded last year, with a total of 36,800 people.
Of those, 10,200 were Norwegian and the remainder foreign nationals.
READ ALSO: Norwegian emigration 'higher than during era of migration to the USA'
OTTAWA, April 13 Changes to U.S. trade policy and protectionist measures under U.S. President Donald Trump could be very negative for Canada, and a shock to the already sluggish productivity rate, Bank of Canada Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins said on Thursday.
"I can tell you there are base cases that could be very negative for Canada but we haven't seen that yet and it is not clear we will see them," Wilkins said in testimony to a Senate committee. (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins)
PARIS May 2 A man believed to be a migrant was electrocuted and died at a Paris railway station on Tuesday after climbing on top of a high-speed Eurostar train due to leave for London, disrupting rail services from the busy terminal, officials said.
The man "probably hid" on the Eurostar train at Paris Gare du Nord and was touched by an electric arc, killing him, a police source said.
Police believe the man was probably a migrant trying to reach Britain, the source said.
Le Parisien newspaper said the man had been burned beyond recognition and it would be hard to identify him.
The incident happened at about 5 AM (0300 GMT) and led to a power cut that caused congestion at the busy Paris station, a spokesman for SNCF French railways said.
A Eurostar spokeswoman said a few of its departures were briefly delayed early on Tuesday morning but normal service had been quickly restored.
In a similar incident in July 2015, a man thought to be a migrant was electrocuted and seriously hurt when he touched a live overhead wire while trying to jump on board a Eurostar train being prepared for departure from Paris to London.
Thousands of migrants fleeing war, upheaval and poverty in the Middle East and Africa for years camped in shanties around the French port of Calais, hoping to cross the Channel in search of a better life in Britain.
Migrants repeatedly tried to board trucks and trains travelling to Britain or to enter the Channel Tunnel itself. In October last year, French authorities finished clearing the "Jungle", a shanty town outside Calais, dispersing migrants around France.
Around 400 migrants are still living in the Calais area according to humanitarian groups.
(Reporting by Marine Pennetier and Adrian Croft; Editing by Andrew Callus)
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece is investigating threats against its foreign minister that authorities believe are linked to his attempts to resolve a long-standing name dispute with the neighbouring state of Macedonia.
A letter addressed to Foreign Minister Nikos Kotzias and received on Thursday said there were “three bullets” for him.
“It was threats to him and his family,” Civil Protection Minister Nikos Toskas told ANT1 TV on Friday. Toskas said that sending threatening letters to those who have been trying to settle a problem in a honest manner was “dangerous”.
Kotzias had received other threatening letters and calls in recent weeks, a government official said.
Kotzias is leading talks to resolve the dispute over Macedonia's name, which has frustrated its ambitions to join NATO and the European Union since the 1990s, and said on Thursday that he would soon submit proposals.
Greece, which has its own region called Macedonia, has objected to its neighbour's name since the small Balkan state broke away from Yugoslavia in 1991.
Greece argues that the use of the name, along with contentious articles in Macedonia's constitution, imply territorial claims over Greek land.
Many Greeks feel passionately that there can be no deal including the term “Macedonia”, which for them is the name of the ancient kingdom ruled by Alexander the Great, and an integral part of their heritage.
Because of Greek objections, the Balkan state was admitted to the United Nations with the provisional name “The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia” in 1993, and this remains its official title in international organisations.
Hundreds of thousands turned out at a demonstration on Jan. 21 in Thessaloniki, capital of Greece's Macedonia region, to protest against any use of the name by the neighbouring state, and a rally is scheduled for central Athens on Sunday.
Kotzias, who was an academic before joining the leftist-led government in 2015, in a tweet accused long-time adversaries, in which he also included some unnamed media, of being “the moral instigators of these threats against my life”.
April 12 Norvestia Oyj:
* APPLIES FOR DELISTING OF ITS SHARES
* RESOLVES TO APPLY FOR TERMINATION OF PUBLIC TRADING IN SHARES OF NORVESTIA AND DELISTING OF SHARES
* APPLICATION FOR TERMINATION OF TRADING IN SHARES OF NORVESTIA AND DELISTING TO BE SUBMITTED TO NASDAQ HELSINKI LATEST APRIL 20 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A few years into his YouTube singing career, before his popularity peaked, some of Austin Jones' young fans began to accuse him of strange things.
Teen girls would message him on Facebook or Twitter, hoping for a brush with a minor mop-headed star, and be thrilled when Jones wrote back. But then - some girls alleged - the 20-something singer would ask them to dance for him.
Jones admitted to some of the accusations in 2015. "I shouldn't have done it," he said in an apology video. But: "Nothing ever went further than twerking videos. There were never any nudes."
His career got past that scandal, and his fan base grew exponentially. He amassed half a million YouTube subscribers and had just flown home from an international tour on Monday when federal agents arrested him in Chicago and accused him of manipulating two 14-year-old girls into making videos for him - not twerking this time but pornography.
Advertisement
A federal affidavit describes online conversations remarkably similar to those described by his accusers in 2015: Jones chatted up young fans on social media, a Homeland Security investigator wrote, then took them into private chats where he essentially directed his own porn videos.
The first victim met him on Facebook in August - a few weeks after Jones released a video of himself singing "Welcome to the Black Parade" a cappella, seen by more than 5 million people.
"Wait ... you're 14?" Jones wrote to the girl, according to the affidavit.
"Yea I'm a youngster"
"Do you realize how lucky you are?!?! I seriously shouldn't even be talking to you ..."
Jones was 23 at the time. The girl told him she was his biggest fan, according to the complaint.
The star allegedly asked her to "prove it" with a video. He told her to smile at the camera, the investigator wrote - to bounce around, and say repeatedly: "I'm only 14."
She would send short videos when she was done, then start on another. As the shoot progressed, the complaint states, Jones enticed the girl to remove more and more clothing.
When it was over, according to the complaint, the girl had made 25 videos, in several of which she was nude from the waist down.
"How special do you feel!?!" Jones allegedly wrote.
When the singer persuaded another 14-year-old to make videos for him last month, authorities claim, he referred to them as a "tryout." The girl considered herself to be auditioning.
But she was judged not on talent, according to the complaint, but on how much sexual gratification Jones derived from the videos she made, according to the complaint.
When they weren't good enough, the singer allegedly demanded she keep recording more explicit versions through the night - even after the girl complained "I might pass out."
After she'd sent him enough, the complaint states, Jones told the girl to delete them from her phone so her sister wouldn't see them.
About two weeks later, in mid-May, Facebook shut down Jones' account, and Homeland Security began collecting digital evidence linking him to the chat logs.
But if he was aware of the investigation, the Chicago-area singer showed no sign of it on his other accounts. This month he posted photos from his tour of Europe: rooms packed with young fans.
"About to go on stage, but hi I miss you," he tweeted to no one in particular on Sunday.
Then, Monday, agents stopped him at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport and arrested him on two counts of producing child pornography - one for each teen listed in the complaint, with each charge punishable by up to 30 years in prison.
Under interrogation, Jones confessed to cajoling explicit videos from "a number" of girls, according to Homeland Security.
He appeared before a federal judge in an orange jumpsuit on Tuesday, according to the Chicago Tribune, silent and "staring at the floor as prosecutors read aloud the charges and possible penalties."
Jones was being held in jail until his next hearing, set for Wednesday, according to the Tribune. It's unclear if he has an attorney or agent.
If the hundreds of angry comments now flooding his YouTube page are any indication, the singer's popularity is cratering under the new scandal, whether or not he is convicted.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
TAIPEI, April 12 Taiwan stocks fell along with other regional bourses on Wednesday as investors favoured safe-haven assets in response to geopolitical tensions, with heavyweights such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC) down ahead of quarterly results.
The main TAIEX index fell 0.4 percent to 9,793.12 points as of 0141 GMT, after closing at 9,832.42 points.
The electronics subindex dropped 0.4 percent, while the financials subindex lost 0.2 percent.
TSMC, the world's top contract chipmaker and an Apple Inc supplier, fell 0.5 percent.
The company is set to report its first-quarter results on Thursday. Analysts have been concerned that the local currency's appreciation against the U.S. dollar could weigh on its earnings.
The Taiwan dollar firmed T$0.008 to T$30.642 per U.S. dollar on Wednesday. (Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Most meteorologists forecast the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season will be less active than a year ago, with the number of named storms and hurricanes near average.
A few meteorologists, however, expect this season to be more active than normal with one, Global Weather Oscillations, saying it could be the most active since 2005 when five hurricanes hit the United States.
The 2017 predictions averaged 12 named storms, five hurricanes and three major hurricanes. A major hurricane is a Category 3 or higher with winds over 110 miles per hour (177 km per hour).
That compares with 15 named storms, seven hurricanes and four major hurricanes in 2016 and a 30-year (1981-2010) normal of 12 named storms, six hurricanes and three major hurricanes, according U.S. National Hurricane Center (NHC) data.
Most forecasters cited potential development of El Nino later this summer as part of the reason for a near-normal season.
"If El Niño fails to launch, we may be too low with our numbers," said Todd Crawford, chief meteorologist with the Weather Company, an IBM Corp business, which forecast 12 named storms, four hurricanes and two major hurricanes.
El Niño is a warming of the water in the central Pacific Ocean and has been linked to weak hurricane seasons.
David Dilley, chief meteorologist at Global Weather Oscillations, predicted 2017 will be the most dangerous and costly in 12 years for the United States due to a lack of El Nino conditions and warmer-than-normal ocean temperatures across most of the Atlantic Basin.
Dilley projected six named storms could hit the United States – the most since 2005 when five hurricanes and two tropical storms hit.
The 2005 Atlantic season was the most active in recorded history, with 28 named storms, 15 hurricanes and seven major hurricanes, causing an estimated 1,225 deaths and nearly $143 billion in damage in the United States, according to the NHC.
For the U.S. natural gas market, hurricanes do not pack the same punch as in 2005 because over 60 percent of production has moved from the hurricane-prone Gulf of Mexico to shale formations far from the coast.
U.S. gas futures hit record highs over $15 per million British thermal units in late 2005 after hurricanes Katrina and Rita slammed into the Gulf Coast. At that time, over 20 percent of the nation's gas came from the Gulf of Mexico, but that is down to 4 percent now.
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The unprecedented sudden cancellation of one of television's top comedies has left a wave of unemployment and uncertainty in its wake.
Roseanne Barr's racist tweet and the swift axing of her rebooted show put hundreds of people out of work, with some wondering whether they would be paid, most knowing they wouldn't be, and few with any legal recourse.
"A lot of people there are just middle class Americans making a living and now they're out of work, especially at a time when we're ramping up into production for the fall season," Rebecca Sun of the industry trade publication The Hollywood Reporter said in an interview with The Associated Press. "It is pretty devastating for all of the people who worked on that show who are now collateral damage as a result of their star's racist beliefs."
Contractual details for those involved with the show, including Barr, were not immediately clear, and would play out in the coming months.
Advertisement
Experts say high-profile figures in the television industry typically have contractual clauses that give them significant severance for shows that are not produced.
Lower-level workers are generally out of luck at an unfortunate time. Though "Roseanne" and many shows just had their season finales, jobs for next season are mostly taken.
Ben Sherwood, president of Disney-ABC Television Group, apologized in a memo Wednesday to "the many men and women who poured their hearts and lives into the show and were just getting started on next season. We're so sorry they were swept up in all of this and we give thanks for their remarkable talents, wish them well, and hope to find another way to work together down the road."
The cancellation came on the first day of meetings for the newly assembled writers for the fall season of "Roseanne." They arrived after Barr's tweet, but before ABC President Channing Dungey's announcement that the show was finished, leading to what executive producer and writer Dave Caplan said were "a lot of bittersweet hellos — and a couple hours later, a lot of very difficult goodbyes."
"Everybody is still in shock at how quickly this all went down," Caplan told The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday. "It's unfortunate because the writers did pass on other jobs to take this job and nobody really knows yet what kind of compensation they're going to get."
For cast and crew members that did have longer-term contracts, Barr's show-sinking tweet could be deemed, strange as it sounds, an "act of God." A "force majeure" or "act of God," legally, is some unpredictable event such as an earthquake or a riot that changes the underlying circumstances.
"It means something outside of the control of the parties. Roseanne's speech wasn't in the control of ABC," said F. Jay Dougherty, a professor who specializes in entertainment and media law at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles. "It wouldn't surprise me if this was treated by the studio like that kind of event, giving the studio a right to terminate contracts."
Barr herself suggested on Twitter lately that she may try to take some action.
"You guys make me feel like fighting back," Barr tweeted to her followers Wednesday. "I will examine all of my options carefully and get back to U."
Her contract may have a "morals clause," however, which are often included in the contracts of television stars, athletes and other prominent figures, demanding a standard of behavior as the face of an enterprise.
"If there is a morals clause in her contract, then breaching that would give the studio a right to terminate her contract, and possibly even sue her for damages for breach of contract,"
"We can't predict whether there will be lawsuits or not," Dougherty said, "but I don't think there will be successful lawsuits."
___
Mike Cidoni Lennox and Nicole Evatt in Los Angeles and David Bauder in New York contributed to this report.
___
Follow Andrew Dalton on Twitter: https://twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
WASHINGTON, April 12 U.S. President Donald Trump told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday that he might consider withholding billions of dollars of Obamacare payments to health insurers to force Democrats back to the negotiating table on healthcare.
Insurers and major medical groups have warned that not funding the payments, called cost sharing reduction subsidies, which help cover out-of-pocket medical expenses for low-income Americans, could wreak havoc in the individual insurance markets. Trump told the Wall Street Journal that by withholding the payments, Democrats will call him to negotiate. (Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Brom goalkeeper Alex Palmer has returned to Kidderminster Harriers on loan for the remainder of the season.
Palmer, 20, signed a new contract at The Hawthorns last month, last until 2019 with a further year in the club's favour.
This new deal came on the back of being named in the match-day squad on a number of occasions, playing second fiddle to number one Ben Foster with usual number two Boaz Myhill out injured.
The first of those occasions that he was named on the bench was the 4-1 final day defeat at Arsenal in 2015.
Palmer did spend the first half of last season on loan with the Aggborough club, who are currently in the National League North.
So far this season, Palmer has made four Premier League 2 appearances and one in the Checkatrade Trophy.
In that time, he was accumulated two clean sheets.
An anti-Brexit protester stands outside the Houses Parliament on the day Prime Minister Theresa May will announce that she has triggered the process by which Britain will leave the European Union, in London, March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
LONDON British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday she hoped to be able to agree a deal to clarify the position of European Union nationals in Britain and British nationals in the EU as early as possible in the Brexit negotiations.
May triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty earlier on Wednesday, kicking off the formal two-year Brexit negotiation process.
"I would hope that we could deal with this issue of EU nationals here and UK nationals in other member states at as early as possible a stage in the negotiations," she told parliament.
"I believe there is good will on both sides to do that."
(Reporting by Kate Holton, editing by David Milliken)
The budget problems in Sacramento have filtered down to local school systems, causing a mixture of reactions. The reverberations of California's budget crisis are evident in the jam-packed classes.
Although the classes are balancing out, the impression left among students and teachers is that classes are bigger this year than ever before.
It is no surprise that the state budget has been in shambles since 2009, causing schools to operate with severely reduced budgets. The reductions have led to countless pink slips for teachers and staff, the termination of some defining programs, and noticeable changes within the classroom.
The Sacramento economic issues are the only reason for the problem, according to Scott Guttentag, head counselor at Dos Pueblos High School, 7266 Alameda Ave.
Along with budget cuts, there are contractual issues with the teachers, as well. The standard teacher with five classes can have no more than 175 students, so the average number of students per class is 35.
Since more and more teachers have been laid off because of the budget restrictions, students have been filtered into other classes to accommodate the reduced staffing, subsequently leading to larger class sizes.
The student number restriction not only puts more stress on the teachers, but also more stress on the administration.
Dos Pueblos Assistant Principal Ryan Gleason says the first five weeks of school are the critical “balancing period” in which students are constantly changing their schedules. Once the period is over, Gleason is confident that the classes should balance out and become more stable in size.
In the meantime, the job of placing students in the correct classes is “like trying to fit a square peg in a round hole,” Gleason said.
As the classes are adjusting in numbers, students and staff are also adjusting to the large classes.
Bob Evans, the only AP Biology teacher at Dos Pueblos, said “we had to scramble to get books from San Marcos to cover AP Bio” because the science budget is “never enough.” This school year, Evans had to adjust to teaching two periods of AP Biology, each with more than 35 students in the class.
Freshman Tatianna Schluep does not mind the class sizes and thinks the lack of one-on-one time with teachers will not affect her grades.
Junior Marika Schipper tends to agree, claiming that she likes having more students in the classroom because “you can rely on them for help.”
The class sizes also seem to affect certain subjects more than others. Monica Scafide, a math teacher at Dos Pueblos, said the larger classes make it “tougher to get to students who need help,” which results in students not understanding of material as well.
Also due to the large classes and budget cuts, Scafide's students had to adjust to not having a complete class set of textbooks last year.
Because the Dos Pueblos student population has more than doubled since the campus opened in 1966 — to more than 2,300 students from 1,030 — there are space problems.
“Our campus cannot hold, with its current bell schedule, more than 2,400-2,500 students,” said Gleason.
Remarkably, Dos Pueblos housed 500 students more at its biggest year in the 1970s. To counter the space issues at the time, the school utilized two different bell schedules for morning and afternoon session to accommodate for the larger student body.
As of now, however, the school cannot afford to grow any bigger and the same is true for the class sizes.
Guttentag is hopeful that the large class size trend will change because the rooms are physically restricted in size.
“We are getting used to the fact that we may have classes of 38, but I don't think the teachers need to prepare to have classes of 45 because we don't have classrooms that can fit 45 desks,” he said.
Additionally, Gleason thinks that, “if we go above 38 (students per class), we are going to have to deal with how we are going to differentiate instruction for a large quantity of kids, and if we do have that challenge, I think the teachers and students will rise to the occasion.”
As the school year progresses and the classes begin to settle down, students and staff must learn to adapt to the changing times. Whether the 38 student classes are ideal or problematic, Dos Pueblos High School will face the challenges the 2011-2012 school year has to offer.
— Haley Peterson is a student at Dos Pueblos High School and features editor for The Charger Account. Connect with The Charger Account on Facebook. Follow The Charger Account on Twitter: @ChargerAccount. This article is republished with permission.
A man who suddenly became very ill and attacked a stranger with a screwdriver has been spared immediate custody because of the unusual circumstances.
But Marcin Brey, 31, must pay his victim £7,500 in compensation.
A court heard Bray, formerly of Crispin Lane in Wrexham, had become very depressed and ill and intended to return to his home in Poland but since the attack he had recovered.
Judge David Hale previously adjourned sentence to see if compensation could be made available. He was told sufficient funds had been put into his solicitor's account.
Speaking at Mold Crown Court, he told Brey that it was accepted by everybody in the case that when he assaulted the other man he was extremely ill.
“This is a highly unusual case,” said the judge. “You had a psychotic episode, almost out of the blue.
“You were depressed when working in Chirk. You gave up your job and decided to return to Poland.”
But within a fortnight he became extremely ill.
“The unusual feature of this case is that you are now better.” Judge Hale said.
“Although you were detained by the police and sent to a mental hospital and sectioned under the Mental Health Act, within four to six weeks you had recovered.”
His recovery was such that he had been returned to custody awaiting sentence.
“This is a very unusual and desperately unfortunate thing to have happened to anybody,” said Judge Hale.
The complainant was the victim of the defendant in that condition.
“You had no argument with him. You didn't know him from Adam.
“He was just driving a car to a garage in Holmes Chapel when you attacked him with a screwdriver. His injuries could have been a lot worse.”
But the judge said they must have been extremely painful and a terrible shock to him.
“Normally you would have received a prison sentence for an offence of this nature but for the quite exceptional position of being so ill.”
Judge Hale said it was not as if he had not taken his pills or anything like that.
Bray was due to return to Poland and was now in a position to pay compensation.
Judge Hale said he would take an exceptional course of suspending a two year prison sentence for two years with no conditions.
The £7,500 compensation and £140 surcharge would have to be paid within 28 days and the money was already in his solicitor's account.
The court was told arrangements had been made for Bray to go with his brother to get his car and leave the UK within the next seven days.
* Czech, Hungarian, Polish PMIs underpin steady, strong growth * Currencies flat to weaker, Fed meeting, French vote are risks * Romanian central bank seen holding fire on Friday By Sandor Peto BUDAPEST, May 2 Central European currencies were steady or weaker on Tuesday, shrugging off robust manufacturing surveys from the region amid low turnover ahead of the Federal Reserve's meeting and the second round of France's presidential election. In the Czech Republic, Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka called an extraordinary news conference for 1.30 p.m. (1130 GMT) on Tuesday to address issues related to his rival Finance Minister Andrej Babis, leading the market to speculate that Babis may be fired. Markets elsewhere in the region were awaiting the Fed, which is seen holding interest rates on Wednesday after a two-day meeting but may hint it is on track for a rate rise in June, and the French election result. Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron is expected to win the vote on Sunday, but a strengthening of support for the French far right could unnerve investors. Such concerns overshadowed purchasing manager surveys (PMIs) from the Czech Republic, Hungary and Poland which indicated continuing economic growth in Central Europe, and the Czech and Polish figures were better than expected. The Czech crown eased 0.2 percent even before news of the prime minister's press conference. The Romanian leu was also down 0.2 percent and the Polish zloty shed 0.1 percent against the euro, while the Hungarian forint was flat. Regional stock exchange's were mixed, with Warsaw stocks testing two-year highs, while Prague's main index shed 0.5 percent. Government bonds yields mostly rose a shade. "Many people must still be on holiday after the long week-end (after the May 1 bank holiday)," one Budapest-based currency dealer said. The Fed's comments after its meeting could influence markets but analysts said U.S. payroll figures due on Friday could have a bigger impact, with strong numbers potentially putting pressure on currencies and bonds. "The Fed will do nothing," another dealer said, adding that eyes were on the French elections. The leu eased to 4.5469 versus the euro after touching a one-month high in slow international trading on Monday. Concerns over further wage hikes proposed by the Romanian government, which may boost the budget deficit beyond the EU's ceiling of 3 percent of economic output, have weighed on the leu in recent weeks. Romanian net average wages were up by almost 15 percent in annual terms in February, but the rise in demand has not lifted the country's inflation, at least as yet. The Romanian central bank (NBR) is expected to keep interest rates on hold at its meeting on Friday. "The NBR's press release is likely to cement its dovish tone and, if anything, suggest a downward revision in the inflation forecast," ING analysts said in a note. "The rather busy end of week and some trimming of risk positioning ahead of French elections might see EUR/RON remaining in a 4.53-4.56 range for this week, with an upside bias," they added. CEE SNAPS AT 1137 MARKETS HOT CET CURRENCIES Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e bid close chang in e 2017 Czech crown 26.91 26.85 -0.21 0.34% 50 90 % Hungary 312.1 312.0 -0.03 -1.06 forint 400 400 % % Polish 4.223 4.219 -0.11 4.26% zloty 9 3 % Romanian 4.546 4.536 -0.22 -0.26 leu 9 7 % % Croatian 7.466 7.466 +0.0 1.19% kuna 0 5 1% Serbian 123.0 123.0 +0.0 0.27% dinar 200 600 3% Note: daily calculate previ close 1800 change d from ous at CET STOCK S Lates Previ Daily Chang t ous e close chang in e 2017 Prague 1002. 1007. -0.49 +8.8 97 87 % 3% Budapest 33024 32956 +0.2 +3.1 .78 .30 1% 9% Warsaw 2393. 2376. +0.6 +22. 22 87 9% 86% Bucharest 8224. 8230. -0.07 +16. 57 46 % 08% Ljubljana 782.3 788.2 -0.75 +9.0 2 5 % 2% Zagreb 1899. 1901. -0.14 -4.79 28 87 % % Belgrade 4 4 % 6% Sofia 661.3 657.2 +0.6 +12. 8 9 2% 78% BONDS Yield Yield Sprea Daily d (bid) chang vs chang e Bund e in Czech sprea Republic d 2-year 3 8 bps s 5-year 2 bps s 10-year bps Poland 2-year bps s 5-year bps 10-year bps s FORWARD RATE AGREEMENT 3x6 6x9 9x12 3M inter bank Czech Rep < 0.34 0.4 0.51 0 PRIBOR=> Hungary < 0.25 0.33 0.42 0.16 BUBOR=> Poland < 1.765 1.8 1.85 1.73 WIBOR=> Note: FRA are for quotes ask prices ************************************************** ************ (Additional reporting by Luiza Ilie in Bucharest and Bartosz Chmielewski in Warsaw; Editing by Susan Fenton)
NASHVILLE, Tenn Two U.S. states drew closer on Wednesday to legislating tougher restrictions on abortion with both Iowa and Tennessee seeking governors' signatures that would ban the procedure after 20 weeks.
Women in the United States have the right under the Constitution to end a pregnancy, but abortion opponents have pushed for tougher regulations, particularly in conservative states.
A Tennessee bill banning abortions after 20 weeks was sent to the desk of Governor Bill Haslam after it was passed by the state's Republican-controlled House on Wednesday.
Haslam, a Republican, has not made a decision on whether he will sign the measure into law and will discuss the bill with the state's attorney general, his spokeswoman Jennifer Donnals said.
Attorney General Herbert Slatery could not be reached for comment.
Iowa Governor Terry Branstad, also a Republican, said he would sign on Friday a 20-week abortion ban. The bill was passed by the Republican-controlled House and Senate last month.
There are 24 states that impose prohibitions on abortions after a certain number of weeks, according to the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks reproductive policy.
Seventeen of these states ban abortion at about 20 weeks.
The Tennessee bill would require women to undergo a test of viability and gestational age before a doctor performed an abortion. Doctors who violate the law could face felony charges. The bill does not make exceptions for rape or incest. It does allow for abortions if the mother's life or health is at risk.
“We've made significant progress as a legislative body in recent years to give a voice to the unborn,” Republican representative Matthew Hill said in a statement.
Iowa's bill bans abortions once a pregnancy reaches 20 weeks and stipulates a three-day waiting period before a woman can undergo any abortion. It does not make exceptions for instances of rape or incest. It does allow for abortions if the mother's life or health is at risk.
The American Civil Liberties Union and Planned Parenthood, a group that provides family planning services, including abortions, filed a lawsuit challenging Iowa's waiting period.
"The governor, lieutenant governor and Iowa legislators have waged an outright war on women's access to safe and legal abortions," said Suzanna de Baca, president and chief executive of Planned Parenthood of the Heartland.
(Additional reporting and writing by Timothy Mclaughlin in Chicago; editing by Grant McCool)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Netflix has drastically changed the way we watch TV shows - no longer do we have to wait seven days to find out what's happened to our favourite characters.
The suspense of waiting might have been eliminated but having the next episode at your very fingertips has given birth to the binge-watch culture - and there are very few people who aren't guilty of not being able to tear themselves away from the screen.
But whilst all this sounds amazing there's a little glitch that makes watching Netflix a little annoying for users.
You always need WiFi or a wired connection to keep watching and if you're on a train or somewhere without a free WiFi connection then you're doomed.
Well, no longer will this pesky problem ruin your TV viewing as Netflix has introduced the downland option - a feature users have been waiting for for a while.
Speaking of the decision, Netflix's director of product innovation Eddy Wu said: “While many members enjoy watching Netflix at home, we've often heard they also want to continue their Stranger Things binge while on airplanes and other places where internet is expensive or limited.”
How do I download?
The option comes at no extra cost and is available for all users, however it is only available on a select number of shows.
To download, all you need to do is go into the episode menu of your favourite show and select the download button - it will look like a downward facing arrow.
If the option is not there this is one of the shows not available on the download service.
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 9 Matt Kuchar made a hole in one at the par-three 16th to move within touching distance of the U.S. Masters lead in the final round on Sunday.
The 38-year-old American struck a perfect seven-iron from 179 yards. His ball landed on the green, ran up a slope and then took a hard turn to the left and trickled back down into the left side of the cup to wild cheers from the gallery.
The first ace in this year's Masters took Kuchar to five under par, three shots behind leader Justin Rose.
After celebrating wildly with his caddie on the tee, Kuchar walked to the green and retrieved his ball, which he signed and then presented to a young boy wearing a bright orange T-shirt in the front row of the crowd. (Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by Andrew Both)
(In March 30 item, corrects spelling of Kislyak in paragraph 3)
WASHINGTON, March 30 Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has offered to testify before congressional committees probing potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia but wants protection against "unfair prosecution," his lawyer said on Thursday.
"General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit," said a statement from Flynn's lawyer, Robert Kelner.
Testimony from Flynn could help shed light on the conversations he had with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak last year when he was the national security adviser for Trump's presidential campaign.
Kelner said discussions had taken place about Flynn's availability to testify with officials of the intelligence committees of both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives. Both committees are investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election campaign last year and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russians.
Flynn was forced to resign as Trump's national security adviser in February for failing to disclose talks with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office about U.S. sanctions on Moscow and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Questions remain about the scope of the discussions and what other contacts took place between other Trump advisers with the Russians. Earlier this week, the White House disclosed that Trump's son-in-law and White House senior adviser, Jared Kushner, met executives of Russian state development bank Vnesheconombank, or VEB, in December.
U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russia hacked emails of senior Democrats and orchestrated the release of embarrassing information in a bid to tip the presidential election in favor of Trump, whose views were seen as more in line with the Moscow's.
Russia has denied the allegations. Trump has dismissed suggestions of links with Moscow as Democratic sour grapes for losing the election.
'WITCH HUNT ENVIRONMENT'
The Wall Street Journal, citing officials with knowledge of the matter, reported on Thursday that Flynn had sought immunity from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the House and Senate intelligence panels in exchange for his testimony. The newspaper said he had so far found no takers.
The House denied the Journal report. "Michael Flynn has not offered to testify to HPSCI in exchange for immunity," committee spokesman Jack Langer said in a statement.
The FBI declined to comment. The Senate committee did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Kelner's statement did not mention the FBI.
He said Flynn "is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated."
Kelner said Flynn would not "submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution."
Independent Senator Angus King, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CNN he could not confirm the Journal report, but "if that turns out to be the case, that's a significant development I believe because it indicates that he has something important to say.”
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Grant McCool and Peter Cooney)
OAK PARK, Mich. – A line of truckers along with the Michigan State Police helped a man who was considering suicide on a highway overpass.
Police received a call about a man on a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m., according to WJBK,
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Michigan State Police troopers blocked all lanes of traffic, then waved through several semi-truck drivers and asked them to park under the overpass on both the westbound and eastbound sides of the interstate.
In total, 13 semi trucks parked under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if he jumped, WJBK reports.
Negotiators spoke with the man for several hours, and thankfully he did not jump off the bridge. He walked off the overpass, and Huntington Woods officers took him to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak.
You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again. pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Suicide Help Information
If you are having suicidal thoughts, we urge you to get help immediately.
Go to a hospital, call 911 or call the National Suicide Hotline at 1-800-SUICIDE (1-800-784-2433).
Click on the boxes below for our FOX 4 You Matter reports and other helpful phone numbers and resources.
BGT judges left shocked as stage invader crashes show and presses buzzers
The judges looked shaken up after the dramatic moment.
There have only been two Britain's Got Talent live semi finals so far and it's already been a very eventful week.
During Monday's show paramedics had to be called to help magic act Matt Johnson while the show also faced technical difficulties and went off air for a short period.
The second night of the week was no less dramatic after a stage invader ran out of the crowd and pressed all the judges buzzers.
Amanda screamed and shouted 'I need a gin!' as the uninvited guest was wrestled away by security.
Read more: This BGT star wants to get Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on stage with him
A shocked Dec watched the whole thing unfold from the stage and try to get the show back on track as the judges composed themselves.
But Simon looked particularly annoyed by the situation as he held his head in his hands and said defeatedly: "It's just one of those nights".
The judges were already on the edge of their seats after just finishing watching magic act Magus who finished his performance by appearing behind the panel and giving them a fright.
No wonder Amanda needed a stiff drink!
Many took to Twitter to praise the security guard for his impressive tackling of the intruder...
That security guard on @BGT should go through to the Final on that epic tackle on the pratt that hit the buzzers....
Also was it me, but it looked like Amanda and Simon having a heated discussion — James Jordan (@The_JamesJordan) May 29, 2018
Hopefully night three goes a bit more smoothly!
April 28 Genworth Financial Inc-
* Genworth and Oceanwide provide update on CFIUS application
* Genworth Financial - co, china oceanwide holdings group have withdrawn and re-filed their joint voluntary notice to cfius
* Genworth and Oceanwide continue to target closing proposed merger between the cos in middle of 2017
* Genworth Financial-withdrawn and re-filed notice to permit more time for review, discussion with cfius in connection with proposed merger between co,oceanwide Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Ciarán Fitzgerald, Keith Wood and Brian O'Driscoll have many things in common from a rugby perspective but perhaps the least well known is that they all made their Ireland debuts in Australia, coincidentally in the city of Brisbane.
Fitzgerald was uncapped when chosen in the squad to tour Australia in 1979 and would have been seen initially as a back-up to Garryowen's Pat Whelan, who was the starting Irish hooker in the previous 14 Test matches.
Coach Noel Murphy's Irish side won one, drew two and lost one of their matches in the Five Nations Championship earlier that season. The tour got off to an unfortunate start when prop Ned Byrne was knocked down by a car two nights before the first tour match and ended up with a badly fractured leg; but it was a selection controversy that was to dominate the headlines ahead of the first Test.
Ollie Campbell was preferred to Tony Ward, the then European rugby player of the year, for the first Test. Both had played beautifully on tour but it was Campbell who was handed the number 10 jersey for the first Test against the Wallabies at Ballymore in Brisbane.
He was outstanding as Ireland hammered the Aussies 27-12, scrumhalf Colin Patterson crossing for two tries, with Campbell converting both and kicking four penalties and a drop goal.
Victory
The margin in the second Test in Sydney was less emphatic, but once again the Old Belvedere playmaker guided his side to victory, landing a penalty and a brace of drop goals. Campbell, one of Irish rugby's all-time great players, would remain his country's first-choice outhalf until his injury enforced retirement in 1984.
There were two other debutants in that first Test, St Mary's College fullback Rodney O'Donnell and the man who replaced him when he sustained an injury during the game, Frank Ennis; it was the Wanderers fullback's one and only cap.
The 1979 tour was the second time that Ireland had visited Australia, the first 1967, when an Ireland side captained by Tom Kiernan beat the Wallabies 11-5 with tries from centres Pat McGrath and Jerry Walsh with Kiernan tagging on a conversion and drop goal.
Mike Gibson provides a link between those two successful Ireland tours to Australia. In 1967 he was outhalf on the team that triumphed in Sydney and made his final and what was then a world record, 69th appearance as an outside centre in the second Test (Sydney) in 1977, bringing to a conclusion a career that marked him as the one the sport's best ever players.
So while Ireland were 3-0 at one stage in Tests on Australian soil, they have subsequently lost all 10 matches against the Wallabies in Oz, including a couple of World Cup matches in 1987 (33-15) – Brian Smith, who scored a try for Australia that day went on to play for Ireland – and 2003 (17-16), a game remembered for O'Driscoll's tiptoe down the touchline to dot down in the corner.
Four first caps
Wood was one of four debutants in the first Test (1994) alongside Jonathan Bell, David Corkery and Niall Woods while five years later a 20-year old O'Driscoll, who had yet to play for Leinster, was given his first cap by then the Ireland coach Warren Gatland. He wasn't alone in making his Test match bow as Matt Mostyn and Tom Tierney also wore the green jersey for the first time.
In total, 15 Irish players have been handed a first cap in Australia. 1967: Terry Moore; 1979 (first Test): Rodney O'Donnell, Ciarán Fitzgerald, Frank Ennis; 1994 (first Test): Jonathan Bell, Keith Wood, David Corkery, Niall Woods; (second Test): Gabriel Fulcher; 1999 (first Test): Brian O'Driscoll, Matt Mostyn, Tom Tierney. 2010 (first Test): Rhys Ruddock, Damien Varley, Chris Henry.
Joe Schmidt's Ireland squad begin their journey to Australia on Thursday night and will create a little history when they face Michael Cheika's Wallabies for the first time in a three-Test series, coming on the back of a 12-match winning streak: and for the uncapped Irish tourists, Tadhg Beirne and Ross Byrne the prospect of joining some illustrious company.
(The writer is a Reuters contributor. The opinions expressed are his own.)
By Chris Taylor
NEW YORK May 3Not all of the world's most notable winemakers are to the manor born, and they are not all from France or Italy. Some took a more circuitous route to the vineyard and now toil anywhere from Napa Valley to New Zealand.
For Reuters' latest "First Jobs" column, we talk to a few of the world's best winemakers about how their careers came to fruition.
Erica Crawford
Country of origin: South Africa
Co-founder of Kim Crawford Wines and Loveblock Wines in New Zealand
First job: Research scientist
I began my career as a young medical research scientist, looking at the genesis of heart attacks. But I got so sick of it. Sometimes you just know when you are not cut out for something. So I raided my little bank account, applied for a job in sales and started work for a chemical company in the UK.
Sales was a very humbling experience. It is one of the most difficult things you can do, especially since the material was so technical. But one of the most important lessons I learned was that 'No' doesn't mean 'Never.' I also learned that everything in business in ultimately based on relationships.
Eventually I came to New Zealand, which is where I really cut my teeth on business. No matter what field you are in, the lesson is always the same - human relationships are the most important part of business.
Janet Myers
Country of origin: United States
Director of winemaking, Franciscan Estate in California
First job: Fruit orchard
My family had a commercial fruit orchard business in southern Illinois, so I started with them around 13 or 14. I used to run the cash register, or thin out the crop on the peach trees using long poles, or tend to the blueberry bushes.
Sometimes people would pick their own fruit, so I used to go into the fields and help them choose. I had to greet them and explain what to do and show them how and what to pick, so it taught me a lot about presentation skills and how to control a group of people.
My dad didn't want any of us to take over the farm, because he saw the future of small family farms was not very bright. But I loved the orchard: the harvests, the cadence of the year, the smell of it. In fact, it was my dad who asked me to help him blend different apple ciders. I think that was the earliest foreshadowing of my career blending wine.
Pauline Lhote
Country of origin: France
Lead winemaker, Domaine Chandon in California
First job: Farmer
When you grow up on a farm in Champagne like I did, the first job you get is helping your parents in the fields. So as early as I can remember, when I was 10 or so, I was helping them with the potatoes, wheat, alfalfa and sugar beets.
I remember I wasn't even strong enough to pull the sugar beets out of the ground. They also had a vineyard, growing grapes like pinot noir and chardonnay.
They also tried to put me on the tractor, but I wasn't a good enough driver, so they had me prepare sandwiches so all the workers had enough to eat. As kids we were expected to work for free, that was just life. We didn't get to do whatever we wanted. But every year, after we were done, we got to go to the south of France for vacation.
Paul Clifton
Country of origin: United States
Director of winemaking, Hahn Family Wines in California
First job: Bottle sorter
I worked for a Pepsi bottler, back in the days before plastic bottles. I had to deal with piles of Pepsis, Orange Crushes and Squirts and sort all the recycled glass into the right boxes. I made $8 an hour, which I know because I recently found a box with all my old pay stubs.
I started delivering soda all over Monterey County, which is what I thought I would do for the rest of my life. But then I started making wine at home, because of my family history. My grandparents had originally come from Switzerland in the late 1800s and made wine in the family cellar during Prohibition - they even built false walls to hide everything behind.
I was down there with my dad one time and we found all this old stuff - hand presses, old barrels. We made our first wine in that basement. It was terrible. (Editing by Beth Pinsker and Leslie Adler)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Captain Richard Keogh has signed a new contract with Derby County.
The defender has agreed a three-and-a-half-year deal, which will run until the summer of 2021.
Keogh has started every league game for the Rams this season, forging an impressive centre-back partnership with Curtis Davies .
Gary Rowett men, who are currently second in the Championship table, have conceded only three goals in the past 13 league outings, keeping 10 clean sheets in the process and 15 in total.
Keogh has made 276 appearances for Derby since joining the club from Coventry City for £1m in the summer of 2012, scoring eight goals.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
The majority of those have been as skipper and he has twice been named player of the year.
The Republic of Ireland international has helped Derby reach the play-offs on two occasions but they have so far fallen just short of promotion.
Keogh will be hoping that this proves to be the Rams' year.
The 31-year-old will be about to turn 35 when his latest contract expires.
He is set to lead out the Derby team once again in Saturday's Championship clash with Brentford at Pride Park Stadium on Saturday (3pm).
U.S. President Donald Trump looks up as he boards Marine One to depart the White House in Washington, U.S. March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump plans to hold a town hall meeting with about 50 business leaders on Tuesday at the White House to talk about ways of improving the business climate, his administration said on Monday.
The meeting, which will include the chief executives of Citigroup Inc (C.N), Blackstone Group LP, JetBlue Airways Corp (JBLU.O), Mastercard Inc (MA.N) and the New York Stock Exchange, will involve discussions on infrastructure, modernizing government, workforce development and creating a pro-business climate.
It comes as the administration is shifting its focus to tax reform and possibly a major investment in infrastructure after suffering a major setback when a Trump-backed healthcare reform package failed to win enough support to pass the House of Representatives.
The town hall is an "opportunity to discuss policies to create a pro-business climate with top Partnership CEOs from all industries," White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said
Trump has held a series of meetings with chief executives and other business leaders since taking office in January as he has prodded companies to add U.S. jobs and asked how government could reduce regulations to boost economic growth.
The town hall is scheduled to last an hour and 45 minutes and include banking, private equity and hedge funds, insurance companies and others. Also taking part will be Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and a senior adviser.
Among the business leaders attending are senior executives from General Electric (GE.N), Hearst, HSBC Bank USA, Interpublic Group (IPG.N), Vornado Realty Trust, Centerbridge Partners and Paulson & Co.
Trump, who was a real estate mogul before entering the White House, has pledged to use his business acumen to revitalise the American economy and create millions of jobs.
While the Republican president has begun the process of rolling back some labour and environmental regulations that he said were harming businesses, the administration has yet to secure a significant legislative victory to support his efforts to boost the economy.
Trump has also proposed sweeping cuts in government regulations and signed an executive order to roll back some energy rules.
Last week, the White House said Trump had named his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, already a White House senior adviser, to take on the additional task of overseeing an effort to overhaul the federal government.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe; Editing by Peter Cooney)
LONDON A powerful earthquake struck northeast Iran on Wednesday near the holy city of Mashhad, leaving at least one person dead and several injured.
The quake, of magnitude 6.1 according to the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), occurred 76 km (47 miles) east-southeast of the city and at a depth of 33 km.
The governor of the province said on the state television that the quake happened at 10:39 a.m. local time (0609 GMT) and had shaken a vast area.
State news agency IRNA quoted emergency services spokesman Mojtaba Khaledi as saying there were fears that casualties in villages and small towns could be high. Red Crescent teams and emergency services had been deployed to the area, he said.
A Red Crescent official was quoted by state media as saying one person had died in a village near the city of Fariman and at that least four were injured.
Pictures posted on social media showed deep cracks in streets and buildings and Tasnim news agency reported that phone lines in some of the affected area were disrupted.
Local people said in media reports and on Twitter they had felt more than a dozen aftershocks, with some afraid to go back to their homes.
(Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin; Editing by Catherine Evans)
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
FILE PHOTO: United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) peacekeepers meet women and children on their path during a patrol near Bentiu, northern South Sudan, February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Siegfried Modola
JUBA Several dozen British troops on Tuesday arrived in Juba, capital of South Sudan, to provide engineering and medical support to the United Nations Mission in South Sudan (UNMISS) and to help ease the delivery of humanitarian aid, the mission said.
"The Royal Engineers will conduct tasks at the U.N. Camps to improve accommodation, routes, security and drainage, as well as the construction of a jetty on the River Nile and a helicopter landing site," UNMISS said in a statement.
South Sudan, the world's youngest nation, plunged into civil war in 2013, just two years after independence from neighbouring Sudan, after President Salva Kiir fired his deputy Riek Machar.
Britain's Ministry of Defence said 35 troops had landed to bolster a more than 200-strong deployment of British personnel already in the country. That number will rise to nearly 400 in the coming months, making it one of the Britain's largest operational deployments.
The conflict has split the nation along largely ethnic lines and the United Nations has warned of a possible genocide. More than 3 million people have fled their homes out of a population of 12 million.
The U.N. has declared a famine in some parts of the country and nearly half its population face food shortages.
Last month a 350-strong Japanese military contingent started withdrawing from South Sudan after a five-year deployment during which it mainly helped with infrastructure construction.
(Story corrects to make clear 35 troops arrived, 400 seen at the full deployment in coming months.)
(Writing by Clement Uwiringiyimana; Editing by Gareth Jones and Richard Lough)
Southampton manager Claude Puel was pleased by the way his team responded to the loss of several key players by beating Crystal Palace 3-1 on Wednesday, but still has an extensive injury list ahead of Saturday's Premier League trip to West Bromwich Albion.
Southampton is up to ninth in the table, seven points behind eighth-placed West Brom, having played two games fewer.
"I was happy yesterday because the team kept a good spirit, kept going and continued the good work and good play," Puel told reporters on Thursday. "In the difficulties, they gave a good answer. It will be the same against West Bromwich."
Midfielder Steve Davis picked up an ankle injury against Palace and joins striker Manolo Gabbiadini, midfielder Sofiane Boufal and defender Ryan Bertrand on the list of players who face late fitness tests ahead of Saturday.
Midfielder Oriol Romeu is suspended, while defenders Matt Targett and Virgil van Dijk, goalkeeper Alex McCarthy and striker Charlie Austin are all ruled out.
"We will see with the training session with Gabbiadini, Bertrand, Davis, Boufal – all these players I don't know for the moment," Puel said. "Romeu is suspended and we will see with Davis if he can play with his ankle injury yesterday.
"It's difficult to prepare this game, but the result against Palace can give us a good confidence."
Southampton have not won at the Hawthorns since 2013, but victory would help them consolidate their position in the top half of the table - and raise Puel's hopes that his team can mount a late charge for the European places.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
The transgender asylum seeker from Honduras had been sick and showing symptoms for a week. Advocates blame the U.S. immigration officials for her death.
Rest in power, Roxsana Hernandez pic.twitter.com/631ZPDQdKO — Magdalene of Arc (@MagsVisaggs) May 30, 2018
Roxsana Hernandez, a transgender woman who emigrated to America, has just died in the custody of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
She had contracted HIV after being sexually assaulted by a group of MS-13 gang members in Honduras.
Read More ICE's Medical Neglect is Killing Immigrant Detainees
Hernandez, 33, arrived in the U.S. on May 9. She had come to the country as part of the migrant caravan organized by Pueblo Sin Fronteras. At the San Ysidro port of entry, Hernandez asked for asylum, explaining she was discriminated against because of her gender. She told reporters that she suffered violence for being transgender, and because of that, she had been raped.
"Four of [MS-13 gang members] raped me, and as a result I got HIV," Hernandez said. "Trans people in my neighborhood are killed and chopped into pieces, then dumped inside potato bags."
But in the U.S., Pueblo Sin Fronteras say she still didn't find the acceptance and freedom she sought.
At first, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) held her in cold cells known as “iceboxes.” Agents then reportedly failed to give her adequate medical care and food. She was then transferred to a transgender unit at the Cibola County Correctional Center on May 16, which is a federal prison facility used by ICE.
By then, Hernandez's health may have been already failing as she was taken to Cibola General Hospital first and then later airlifted to Albuquerque's Lovelace Medical Center.
This is Roxsana Hernandez. She died Friday in US custody. She was one of the transgender women w/ the #migrantcaravan - @ICEgov says she had symptoms associated with HIV and died of cardiac arrest. Roxsana faced extreme persecution as an #LGBTQ member in #Honduras @NBCLatino pic.twitter.com/otyqMER5VP — Annie Rose Ramos (@Annie_Rose23) May 29, 2018
Prior to her death, she suffered from dehydration, pneumonia, and other complications linked to HIV. According to ICE, she was in intensive care until Friday, when she died of cardiac arrest.
In a statement, ICE said that it provides all detainees with adequate care.
"All ICE detainees receive medical, dental and mental health intake screening within 12 hours of arriving at each detention facility, a full health assessment within 14 days of entering ICE custody or arrival at a facility, and access to daily sick call and 24-hour emergency care," the agency said.
But Pueblo Sin Fronteras, Diversidad sin Fronteras, and Al Otro Lado, all immigrant advocacy groups, blame the agency for her death.
"Roxy died due to medical negligence by US immigration authorities," a statement issued by the combined organizations read. "Why incarcerate and torture her like this? She had a home waiting for her in the United States. They could have let her go there. If they had, she would still be with us."
Irving Mondragón, the co-founder of Diversidad sin Fronteras, a group of LGBTQ migrant advocates, said that Hernandez is just another example of people being treated inhumanely at the border.
"Everybody's human rights are violated. From the moment they enter there are no guarantees," Mondragón explained. "People have said that she was safe because she made it to the US, that the hardest part was over. But it's not true — the US is an imperial democracy and tyrannical. Asking for asylum can lead to death."
"I'll remember her as a timid, respectful person, always giving the other girls advice and sharing her food," the advocate added.
To Familia: Trans Queer Liberation Movement's National Organizer Jennicet Gutiérrez, we need to do more for transgender women like Hernandez.
"Trans women continue to face violence inside and outside detention centers, and are oftentimes forced to do sex work as a means of survival," Gutiérrez said. "She was trying to find safety in the United States and sadly she's no longer with us. We demand answers and justice for Roxana.”
In a country where the president uses children, families, and transgender immigrants as a justification for wasting more money on a needless wall, it's clear that we can't look at the federal government for a solution.
But pressing Congress to act on changing the current rules and forcing President Donald Trump's hand on immigration might just work. Until then, we must honor people like Hernandez by sharing her story.
Pro-Israel Jewish activists are crying foul after a likeness of an Israeli flag was lit on fire in Vancouver Saturday at a pro-Palestinian demonstration, but rally organizers say it was an expression of legitimate anger toward Israel.
The display of disrespect to the Israeli state is a common sight in the Middle East, but a spokesperson for a national Jewish advocacy organization said he was shocked to see such a display in Canada.
"It is extremely, extremely concerning. Not something we expect to see in Canada," said Aidan Fishman, spokesperson for B'nai Brith.
The incident occurred around 3:30 p.m., when a 17-year-old UBC student walked past the pro-Palestinian rally outside the Vancouver Art Gallery.
The student's parents did not want him to be identified because they feared for his safety after the emotional display.
The student told CTV News he wasn't planning on demonstrating until he noticed a cardboard sign depicting the Israeli flag with a red X drawn across it.
"I made a decision that I had to speak up," he said.
He unfurled an Israeli flag he had in his backpack from a pro-Israel counter-protest the day before. He said he stood calmly across the street and the pro-Palestinian demonstrators initially left him alone.
But then he said a man grabbed the cardboard Israeli flag, approached him and lit it on fire. Video from the scene shows a man holding the burning piece of painted cardboard.
Fishman called the video "disturbing" and said he viewed it as a threat to members of the Jewish community in Vancouver.
"These events… become fronts for people to express their anger and hatred at Israel or at Jews," he said. "This anti-Israel protest can sort of morph into anti-Semitism."
Sara Sagaii, one of the rally's organizers, says calling Israel flag burning anti-Semitic deflects the conversation away how Israel treats Palestinian people.
"Palestinian activists expressing anger towards Israel is not an ethnic anger. It's anger toward the state of Israel. Because the state of Israel is a settler colony," she said.
She said flag burning is a form of free speech and not intended to be aggressive toward Jews.
"There's a very clear divide between Jewish people and the state of Israel. And the flag is the flag of the state. It is not the flag of every Jewish person around the world," she said.
Jason Doucette, a spokesperson for the Vancouver Police Department, said that weekend on-call media relations officers are only made aware of investigations where public safety may be at risk and that he didn't have any details to share on this incident.
The pro-Palestinian rally on Saturday was one of two this weekend that were organized in response to U.S. President Donald Trump proclaiming that Jerusalem is the capital of Israel. The Palestinian demonstrators told CTV that Jerusalem should be the capital of future independent Palestinian state.
On Saturday, over 100 community volunteers, businesses and groups will participate in Meals On Wheels of Tampa's Produce On Wheels (POW!) program. This program, will help increase senior access to fresh produce.
Media Contact
Lauren Vance
813-239-2901
l.vance@mowtampa.org Lauren Vance813-239-2901
End
-- On Saturday, June 17th, over 100 communityvolunteers, businesses and groups will participate in Meals On Wheels of Tampa'sProduce On Wheels (POW!) program. This program, partnered with Feeding TampaBay, will help increase senior and homebound access to fresh produce. Dedicatedvolunteers will give their time, vehicle, and gas to deliver free, pre-packed bags of freshfruits and vegetables to 700 home delivered meal recipients (HDM) on Saturdaymorning. Special thanks to the employees of Melting Pot (a Front Burner Brand), Bankof America, HDR Engineering, Inc., Kforce Inc., Mezrah Consulting, and Moffitt CancerCenter for helping to load cars and deliver routes on this day.There are still 6 routes available for volunteers to sign up to deliver on Saturday. Pleasevisit www.MOWTampa.org/programs/pow to select a route, or explore other ways tohelp.This month's free bag of produce will include: an orange, a pear, an apple, kale, chard,cherry tomatoes, a sweet potato, some salad dressing, and additional items donated byFeeding Tampa Bay.In response to this program, Meals On Wheels of Tampa has developed partnershipswith the following groups: Sweetwater Organic Community Farm, Sanwa Farmer'sMarket, Feeding Tampa Bay, University of South Florida, Tampa Bay Network to EndHunger, and others. Their generous contributions have enhanced this month's delivery.This monthly event is very exciting for Meals On Wheels of Tampa to further theirmission of nourishing, enriching, and strengthening the independent lives of thehomebound and seniors in Tampa. POW! was developed in response to resultscollected from a survey that was sent out to all 700 HDM recipients last year."This is such a blessing because I can no longer shop for fresh food. Many thanks to allwho helped with this program, it is wonderful! Especially the volunteers who came tosee me on a Saturday-what a treat!"said Delores, HDM recipient on the Meals OnWheels of Tampa program.In addition to increasing access to produce, this opportunity has increased volunteeropenings for those unavailable to deliver meals during the week.Recipients also receive an educational handout that highlights the nutritionaladvantages of the items in the bag, tips to reduce waste, recipe ideas, and producesafety. Feedback was recently collected from recipients and volunteers assisting in theevaluation of the program to continue to improve its impact on senior nutrition.Professors and graduate students from USF's College of Public Health assisted theMeals On Wheels of Tampa staff in evaluating the effectiveness of POW! on Tampa'shomebound citizens. Pre-test, post-test, and process evaluation surveys werecompleted during 2016. These tests revealed recipients were consuming an additionalserving of fresh fruit and half a serving of vegetables each day. This data was recentlypublished in the Florida Public Health Review Journal for other programs to learn fromall over the world. In order to keep increasing the impact of POW! on recipients, MealsOn Wheels of Tampa is currently looking for funding to expand the program to dailydeliveries.Future POW! delivery dates are Saturday, July 15 th , August 19 th , September 16 th , andOctober 21 st . Interested in delivering POW? Sign up by visitingwww.MOWTampa.org/programs/pow or call (813) 238-8410.About Meals On Wheels of Tampa:Meals On Wheels of Tampa has been committed to nourishing and enriching theindependent lives of the homebound and seniors of Tampa since 1975. Today, MealsOn Wheels of Tampa serves over 700 people with a hot meal during the lunch hour.Meals On Wheels of Tampa is a 4-star charity and relies on its community for supportby not accepting government funding.If you would like to start receiving meals or if you know someone in need, please visitwww.MOWTampa.org or call (813) 238-8410 today.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Angelica Seed oil Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Albert Vieille, Berje, Elixens, Ernesto Ventos, Fleurchem, H.Interdonati, INDUKERN INTERNACIONAL, Penta Manufacturing Company, Robertet Group, Ultra international, Treatt Plc, PerfumersWorld, Ungerer & Company.
The report begins with introducing the global Angelica Seed oil market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Angelica Seed oil report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-seed-oil-market/5910/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Angelica Seed oil Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Therapeutic Grade, Others.
Angelica Seed oil Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Medical, Spa & Relaxation, Others.
Key points in the Angelica Seed oil Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-angelica-seed-oil-market/5910/#inquiry
From all of this Angelica Seed oil market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Angelica Seed oil market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Angelica Seed oil distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
April 5 Formula One drivers' form sheet ahead of Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix, second round of the season (listed in championship order and with the most recent races first): Number=race result, R=retired, DQ=disqualified, NS=did not start, NQ=did not qualify. 2016 AU/AE BR MX US JP MY SG IT BE DE HU GB AT EU CA MC ES RU CN BH AU/ Sebastian Vettel 1 3 5 5 4 4 R 5 3 6 5 4 9 R 2 2 4 3 R 2 NS 3 Lewis Hamilton 2 1 1 1 1 3 R 3 2 3 1 1 1 1 5 1 1 R 2 7 3 2 Valtteri Bottas 3 R 11 8 16 10 5 R 6 8 9 9 14 9 6 3 12 5 4 10 9 8 Kimi Raikkonen 4 6 R 6 R 5 4 4 4 9 6 6 5 3 4 6 R 2 3 5 2 R Max Verstappen 5 4 3 4 R 2 2 6 7 11 3 5 2 2 8 4 R 1 R 8 6 10 Felipe Massa 6 9 R 9 7 9 13 12 9 10 R 18 11 20 10 R 10 8 5 6 8 5 Sergio Perez 7 8 4 10 8 7 6 8 8 5 10 11 6 17 3 10 3 7 9 11 16 13 Carlos Sainz 8 R 6 16 6 17 11 14 15 R 14 8 8 8 R 9 8 6 12 9 R 9 Daniil Kvyat 9 R 13 18 11 13 14 9 R 14 15 16 10 R R 12 R 10 15 3 7 NS Esteban Ocon 10 13 12 21 18 21 16 18 18 16 - - - - - - - - - - - - Nico Hulkenberg 11 7 7 7 R 8 8 R 10 4 7 10 7 19 9 8 6 R R 15 15 7 Antonio Giovinazzi 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Stoffel Vandoorne 13 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 10 - Fernando Alonso R 10 10 13 5 16 7 7 14 7 12 7 13 18 R 11 5 R 6 12 - R Daniel Ricciardo R 5 8 3 3 6 1 2 5 2 2 3 4 5 7 7 2 4 11 4 4 4 Romain Grosjean R 11 NS 20 10 11 R R 11 13 13 14 R 7 13 14 13 R 8 19 5 6 Kevin Magnussen R R 14 17 12 14 R 10 17 R 16 15 17 14 14 16 R 15 7 17 11 12 Jolyon Palmer R 17 R 14 13 12 10 15 R 15 19 12 R 12 15 R R 13 13 22 NS 11 Marcus Ericsson R 15 R 11 14 15 12 17 16 R 18 20 R 15 17 15 R 12 14 16 12 R Lance Stroll R - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Pascal Wehrlein - 14 15 R 17 22 15 16 R R 17 19 R 10 R 17 14 16 18 18 13 16 AU-Australia, AE-Abu Dhabi, BR-Brazil, MX-Mexico, US-United States, JP-Japan, MY-Malaysia, SG-Singapore, IT-Italy, BE-Belgium, DE-Germany, HU-Hungary, GB-Britain, AT-Austria, EU-Europe, CA-Canada, MC-Monaco, ES-Spain, RU-Russia, CN-China, BH-Bahrain. (Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Col. David Hook will relinquish command of the 30th Operations Group at Vandenberg Air Force Base to Col. Marc Del Rosario in a change of command ceremony slated for 10 a.m. Tuesday outside the 14th Air Force and Wing Headquarters building.
Hook, who will retire June 27 from the U.S. Air Force after 23 years of service, commanded the 30th Operations Group starting in June 2011.
“My time as a group commander here at Vandenberg was a great way to finish my career as an officer in the Air Force,” Hook said. “I am confident that with Col. Del Rosario's professionalism and high moral standards, the 30th Operations Group will be in great hands.”
Del Rosario's past assignments include the Defense Threat Reduction Agency, Air Staff, Headquarters Air Force Space Command, and 14th Air Force. Additionally, he served as the Executive Officer to the Commander, 14th Air Force and Commander, Joint Functional Component Command for Space; and as a space operation advisor to the Secretary and Chief of Staff of the Air Force for matters regarding plans, programs, and future concepts of Air Force space systems.
Col. Del Rosario received his commission in 1991 and was a distinguished graduate of the Reserve Officer Training Corps program. He has a broad background of operational experience with assignments in satellite operations, intercontinental ballistic missile operations, space superiority, and space launch and range operations.
His awards include the Meritorious Service Medal with six oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commendation Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air Force Outstanding Unit Award with seven oak leaf clusters, and Air Force Organizational Excellence Award with one oak leaf cluster.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Motorists having wheels clamped while sitting inside their cars are the latest in a string of woeful tales about the current unregulated state of private parking in New Zealand.
Two Auckland motorists were clamped in different parts of the city by parking enforcement staffers waiting nearby.
One clamper told a woman she could finish up her business before coming back to pay to have the clamp removed, meaning her car would keep taking up space in the car park.
Holly Ryan was halfway in her car when a private parking enforcer (pictured on her phone) clamped her wheel. Photo / Greg Bowker
The AA's Mark Stockdale said such behaviour "smacks of revenue raising" because the point of clamping was ultimately to free up a park.
Advertisement
"If there are people in the car and can move the car then the problem is solved."
He urged the Government to act quickly on the issue to stop "cowboy operators clamping people willy nilly".
• READ MORE: 'It's open season': Advocacy groups call on Government to act quickly on wheel clamping.
Commerce and Consumer Affairs Minister Kris Faafoi said he was still seeking advice from officials on the issue and had put a Member's Bill submitted by Labour while in opposition back in the ballot.
People who believed they had been treated unfairly should look at the Ministry of Business Innovation and Employment's consumer protection website for advice.
Herald reporter Holly Ryan arrived at the Chinese Consulate just before it opened at 9am last Friday.
After parking in a spot she thought was reserved for consulate visitors and getting in line inside the building, Ryan was warned by another woman she should move her car or risked being clamped.
The area is a known hotspot for clamping.
The AA's Mark Stockdale said clamping people while they were in their cars "smacks of revenue raising". Photo / File
She walked back to her car and could see a man approaching.
"I opened up the door and was getting in and said 'look sorry I'm just leaving, I didn't know I was parked in the wrong place'."
Ryan has one foot inside her car when the man slapped a clamp on one of her wheels, telling her she was "too late" and had to pay $150 up front to get it taken off.
"It was so fast. I assumed he was a reasonable guy," Ryan said.
The Amalgamated Car Parking Services staffer then told her she could go back into the consulate to get her visa and come out and pay him afterward - when she asked where he'd be, he said waiting in the same spot.
"It wasn't about the car park, he wasn't doing his job to try and keep the car park clear for the person's it was. He was just out to get people."
• READ MORE: Clamped twice in one hour: Auckland woman stung with $300 in fees.
Ryan spoke to others at the consulate, who told her they'd been charged two or three times as much as she had.
"There's an arbitrary amount, there's no rhyme or reason to what he's charging it's more like it's what he thinks he can get away with."
While at the site, Ryan also saw a woman get out of her car and the clamper leap into action as she walked away, clamping her wheel within a minute.
The current voluntary code of conduct regulating private car parking enforcement, which Amalgamated is not a signatory to, states a ten minute grace period must be allowed.
"They have the power because you can't leave until you pay the money," Ryan said.
Amalgamated boss Craig Burrows expressed irritation at being called, saying he would prefer to look into the situation rather than have another story written about clamping.
"I've got better things to do," he said.
He said information about the case should be sent through and if something had been done wrong on Amalgamated's part he would reconsider the fee.
• READ MORE: Bashford Antiques owner in Ponsonby charges Uber Eats driver $350 for five minutes of parking.
Motorist Finn Morrow was also clamped outside the Consulate earlier this year - and another woman was clamped at the hotspot twice in one hour. Photo / Doug Sherring
In a similar tale, an Auckland resident who asked we use his middle name, Pal, because he felt so intimidated, said an Elite Parking Services staffer clamped his car as he sat in it in a Papatoetoe car park on Monday morning.
"The guy just came to my car quickly, he put the lock on the car's wheel. I asked him, I was shocked, 'what happened to my car'."
The man said he's broken the rules and had to pay $200 to have his wheel released.
Pal wondered how the man could know that when he hadn't yet left his vehicle, which was parked outside the Bank of India on east Tamaki Rd.
The man also swore at and intimidated him, he claimed.
"How can you judge the person sitting inside the car," Pal said.
"It was one of the worst experiences I've ever had."
Elite Parking has been approached for comment.
• READ MORE: Here's one way to get out of paying wheel clamper's steep fees.
A London man is a hero after stepping in to catch a baby when he or she was thrown from a ninth or 10th story window of the burning Grenfell Tower.
An infant is lucky to be alive after being thrown from a London building that was engulfed in flames.
An onlooker caught the baby who was thrown from “the ninth or 10th floor” of the north Kensington building, according to witness Samira Lamrani, BBC News reports.
"People were starting to appear at the windows, frantically banging and screaming,” Lamrani recounted. "The windows were slightly ajar - a woman was gesturing that she was about to throw her baby and if somebody could catch her baby.Somebody did, a gentleman ran forward and managed to grab the baby."
What Lamrani described was a horrific scene of people “from all angles, banging and screaming for help.”
According to BBC News, 12 people died and 18 others are in critical condition as a result of the blaze that swallowed up Grenfell Tower. It is believed that the fire started on the fourth floor and spread rapidly. Sadly, police expect the number of casualties to rise.
Firefighters were able to rescue 65 people while many others made their own way out.
The cause of the fire is currently unknown, but an investigation is underway.
One thing we can be sure of is that the witness who caught the baby is nothing less than a hero.
Supply and demand in the oil market could fall into balance by the end of this year if OPEC and its partners extend their deal to reduce crude output, a Reuters survey forecast on Friday.
However, the prospect of rising output from outside OPEC, led by U.S. shale oil producers, could continue to hamper the rebalancing process, analysts said.
The Reuters survey of 35 economists and analysts forecast that Brent crude would average $57.04 (44.51 pounds) a barrel in 2017, compared with last month's forecast of $57.25 and an average so far this year of about $55.
"Growing oil production in the U.S. will remain a deterrent to further extensions to the output cap by OPEC and non-OPEC countries ... (and) once again reinvigorate debate on defending market share among countries participating in the deal," said Abhishek Kumar, Senior Energy Analyst at Interfax Energy's Global Gas Analytics in London.
The agreement between the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and some of its rival exporters, including Russia, to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) will expire at the end of June, though most analysts expect it to be extended to the end of the year.
OPEC compliance, as reported by OPEC and secondary sources, appears to be at high levels and is likely to remain so until OPEC's next meeting in May, when strategy for the second half of the year will be decided, said Giorgos Beleris, analyst at Thomson Reuters' Oil Research and Forecasts.
"Key Middle East producers seem willing to cap crude output for another six months, hoping to see crude prices close or above the $60 a barrel mark."
But higher prices could encourage U.S. shale producers to increase drilling and undermine OPEC's efforts, analysts said.
U.S. shale production in May was set for its biggest monthly increase in more than two years.
"Revival of U.S. production is having a negative impact on crude prices. However, in recent weeks this negative influence has been offset by expectations that more consumption from refiners ahead of the driving season will draw U.S. stocks," Intesa Paolo analyst Daniela Corsini said.
Oil demand, especially from Asia, is expected to be robust and to rise by about 1.3 million bpd to 1.4 million bpd in 2017, analysts said.
Standard Chartered, Raymond James and DNB had the highest 2017 Brent forecast at $63 a barrel, with Commerzbank the lowest at $51.
U.S. WTI crude futures CLc1 are expected to average $54.73 a barrel in 2017, lower than last month's forecast of $55.29, the poll showed.
(Editing by David Goodman)
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Indiana said on Friday it will require its Medicaid recipients work or do some other form of community engagement, becoming the second state to make this fundamental change to the 50-year-old health insurance program for the poor.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' (HHS) Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said it approved Indiana's waiver to add these requirements to its Medicaid program on Friday. The work requirement applies to able-bodied working age Medicaid enrollees, according to HHS.
Pregnant women, medically frail enrollees, students, some caregivers and people in substance use treatment are among those that are exempted from the requirements.
Kentucky became the first state to impose work requirements on its Medicaid recipients last month.
At least eight additional states, mostly Republican-led, have proposed similar changes to Medicaid: Arizona, Arkansas, Kansas, Maine, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Utah and Wisconsin.
(This story corrects to Indiana instead of Illinois in first sentence.)
April 5 Commscope Holding Company Inc
* Commscope and Kathrein sign extensive cross-license agreement
* Further details of agreement are not being disclosed
* Commscope gains access to Kathrein's robust passive base station antenna and filter portfolios Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
The Vampire Within
Media Contact
***@bookbuzz.net
7065098422 7065098422
End
-- Author Laura Daleo And Story Bound Publishing Release New Dark Vampire Fantasy – The Vampire WithinAuthor Laura Daleo and Story Bound Publishing are pleased to announce the release of her new dark vampire fantasy, The Vampire Within. This is the third book in her Immortal Kiss Series. Book one is Immortal Kiss (ISBN: 978-0997846126 ) and book two is Bound By Blood (ISBN: 978-0997846140)Brandon Cass is not your average teenager. He has a taste for blood—human blood. For sixteen years, he stumbled through life without a hitch until the enigmatic aroma of blood awakened something dark within him. Visions of a beautiful young woman with chocolate brown hair and ocean blue eyes haunt his mind, yet her identity is a puzzling mystery.His hunger for blood strengthens, and the cravings become too powerful to control. No one is safe, not even his family. To safeguard all he once found dear, Brandon sets out on a quest for answers. In an unfamiliar city, he comes face-to-face with the beautiful young woman, confronts the dark force which controls him, and learns what he must endure to reclaim his soul.The Vampire Within is available for purchase in both print and ebook formats.Book Details:The Vampire WithinImmortal Kiss Series, Book ThreeBy Laura DaleoPublisher: Story Bound PublishingPublished: March 2018ISBN: 978-0997846164 (pb)ISBN: 978-0997846171 (ebook)ASIN: B07BFJMFNQPages: 242Genre: Dark Vampire FantasyAbout The Author:Laura Daleo was born and raised in San Diego, California where she majored in Fine Arts at Mesa College. She is best known for her love of animals and shares her home with three humorous Basset Hounds, Stuart, Morgan, and Dexter, her toughest critics. Laura has held positions in several industries, Restaurant, Telecom, Biotech, Research, and Retail. Throughout Laura's professional career, she furthered her writing skills by taking courses and by joining writer's critique groups and Writers Digest. She is now the owner of Story Bound Publishing, a fresh voice in the supernatural realm of ebooks and traditional print, committed to publishing unearthly tales of Aliens, Angels, Demons, Fairies, Ghosts, Shifters, Vampires, Werewolves, Witches, Zombies and all other creatures that go bump in the night.Contact Information:Website: http://www.lauradaleobooks.com Twitter: https://twitter.com/AutLauraDaleoFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/ AuthorLauraDaleo/ Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.com/lauraddaleo/pins/LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/laura-daleo-91347a59/Promo Link: http://bookbuzz.net/blog/dark-vampire-fantasy-the-vampire-within/Purchase Links:https://www.amazon.com/Vampire-Within-Immortal-Kiss-ebook/dp/B07BFJMFNQhttps://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-vampire-within-laura-daleo/1128189974?ean=9780997846164https://www.kobo.com/us/en/ebook/the-vampire-withinhttps://www.indiebound.org/book/9780997846164
THE wedding rites of AiAi delas Alas and Gerald Sibayan ended as the happy couple sealed their union with a kiss at the Christ the King Parish in Quezon City on Tuesday.
According to The Manila Times Entertainment columnist Lhar Santiago, the “Comedy Queen” turned very emotional during the wedding march.
“Ai cried while marching. She told me earlier that she was feeling nervous and she didn't know why. Mixed emotions daw. She's happy and nervous, and very beautiful,” he said.
The De Las Alas-Sibayan nuptials had a star studded entourage led by Megastar Sharon Cuneta as Maid of Honor, Alden Richards as one of the groomsmen, Barbie Forteza as one of the bridesmaids, and OPM icons Ogie Alcasid and wife Regine Velasquez among the secondary sponsors.
The wedding reception will be held at The Blue Leaf Events Pavilion in Taguig City. TESSA MAURICIO ARRIOLA
You've no doubt heard of software as a service. Those who are deeply into IT will nod their heads in recognition when acronyms such as IaaS (infrastructure as a service) and PaaS (platform as a service) are tossed around, too. But here's one “*aaS” you might not have heard of yet: everything as a service. And it's the future, according to Linden Tibbets, CEO and co-founder of IFTTT.
[ Further reading: 41 cool and useful IFTTT applets ]
But what exactly is IFTTT? And how does it relate to the idea of everything as a service? Here's what you need to know.
What is IFTTT?
IFTTT derives its name from the programming conditional statement “if this, then that.” What the company provides is a software platform that connects apps, devices and services from different developers in order to trigger one or more automations involving those apps, devices and services.
Here are just three if this, then that automations you can run with IFTTT:
* If you make a call on your Android phone, then a log of that call is added to a Google spreadsheet.
* If you add a new task to your Amazon Alexa to-dos, then it will be added to your iOS Reminders app.
* If the International Space Station passes over your house, then you'll get a smartphone notification about it. (Yes, this is an actual IFTTT applet.)
Currently, there are 54 million IFTTT applets, according to IFTTT.
And for the record, Tibbets' favorite applets include one that lets you quickly email notes to yourself and another that notifies you whenever a new Craigslist post matches your search terms.
The history of IFTTT
Tibbets and Jesse Tane co-founded IFTTT in 2010 and officially launched the service in 2011. Based in San Francisco, IFTTT has raised $39 million in venture capital funding from investors that include the firm Andreesen Horowitz, according to IFTTT.
Tibbets is currently IFTTT's CEO. Tane moved on from IFTTT in 2012.
In November 2016, IFTTT beefed up its recipes, which connected two devices, apps or services, turning them into applets, which are capable of connecting multiple devices, apps or services.
[ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ]
How it works
The automations are accomplished via applets — which are sort of like macros that connect multiple apps to run automated tasks. You can turn on or off an applet using IFTTT's website or mobile apps (and/or the mobile apps' IFTTT widgets). You can also create your own applets or make variations of existing ones via IFTTT's user-friendly, straightforward interface.
IFTTT has posted a YouTube video (See below) explaining in more detail how applets are made.
Developers as varied as Ring and BMW pay IFTTT an annual fee to provide applets on the IFTTT platform. The IFTTT service is free for users.
Typically, developers launch their IFTTT presence with applets they create, and then the user community “builds stuff the developers never expected,” said Tibbets. IFTTT applets can use JavaScript, advanced filtering and other tools to create new interactions.
Support for JavaScript helps IFTTT partners create robust applets compared to the more limited IFTTT recipes of yesteryear, Tibbets said. You could create some custom JavaScript that will filter things automatically, so that an applet will, for example, turn on multiple lights in your home if you arrive after 6 p.m. or just the porch light if you arrive home before 6 p.m., Tibbets said. That sort of functionality wasn't possible with the simpler recipes but is doable with applets.
“For users, applets are easier, and for developers, they're much more powerful,” Tibbets said.
To date, IFTTT has more than 550 partner services, including Facebook, Domino's Pizza — even the city of Louisville, Ky. IFTTT's community of 11 million users run over 1 billion applets each month, according to the company.
Louisville, Ky.
Getting started with IFTTT
IFTTT is simple to use. You download the mobile app (for Android here or for Apple's iOS here) create a free account and you're up and running with automations in minutes.
There are bewildering arrays of applets available, so IFTTT helpfully provides automation recommendations for new users to try. Its Collections group together applets for different platforms – such as iOS, Android and voice assistants – and showcases everything from applets for news and weather services to home automation.
It is also possible to search for individual applets, or browse under categories such as business tools, connected car or health and fitness.
The Applets screen lets users manage which applets are currently turned on, and provides a history of those that have been used previously.
Users can create their own applets by combining various app "services'"and setting trigger parameters.
IFTTT and Alexa
An increasingly popular way to use IFTTT is in conjunction with Amazon's Alexa voice assistant. Much of these applets center around internet-of-things use cases such as controlling smart home devices with voice commands directed at Echo and Echo Dot speakers. This could entail telling Alexa to make a cup of coffee with WeMo's connected coffee maker or changing the color of Hue smart lights each time Alexa plays a new song.
Amazon is keen to push its A.I. assistant into corporate environs, and there are uses emerging for IFTTT and Alexa in the workplace context. For instance, when you ask Alexa to add a to-do item, this can automatically be added to a workspace within Asana's project management app. The same can be done with Evernote, Google Docs spreadsheets and more. You can also sync your to-do list with Google Calendar.
It is also simple to connect IFTTT with Google's Assistant, which powers its Google Home speakers.
What does IFTTT have to do with everything as a service?
The idea for IFTTT grew out of the belief that, in the future, “everything will be a service,” Tibbets said. “And I mean everything: every brand, every organization, every physical object. You'll be hard-pressed to name something that won't be connected to the internet or tracked by the internet of things (IoT) to such a degree that it might as well be connected.”
IFTTT's purpose is to connect those disparate services and systems. “We help all products and services work well together in a way that brings you confidence and helps those services create rich interactions in their ecosystems,” Tibbets said.
IFTTT's competitors
IFTTT is aimed largely (but not exclusively) at consumers looking for an easy way to get more out of their devices, services or apps, Tibbets said, with IoT automations a particular focus. It is not alone in the drive to make everything a service.
Zapier
Zapier is a freemium service for consumers as well as business and power users. Its Zaps are workflows that connect apps, such as Gmail and Dropbox, to trigger and automate actions between them. You can create two-step Zaps for free. More complex Zaps require a monthly fee. For $20 per month, you can connect three or more steps across all of Zapier's 750-some apps. The $250/month plan is designed with teams in mind, offering unlimited Zaps and access to all premium features.
Microsoft Flow connects 195 services to create automations, called “flows,” with an emphasis on business productivity. For instance, if you're looking for a Spotify automation, you might find it on IFTTT and Zapier but not Microsoft Flow. The free service lets you run 750 flows per month and create unlimited flows. More advanced functionality costs $5 or $15 per user per month.
Microsoft
What do users like about IFTTT?
In an informal query, we heard from some IFTTT users about why they're fans. A few examples:
“IFTTT automates things I could do myself but would be a bad use of my time,” said Paul Tanner, founder of watchmaker Freedom To Exist. One example is the ability to automatically save his company's Instagram posts to Dropbox.
“I love IFTTT for its pure simplicity,” said Clive Bearman, head of marketing for Lexumo, an open-source security company. “It's perfect for automating those manual tasks that might be simple but are tedious to complete. For example, I'll use it to listen to the social channels of competitors and pipe those results into a Google spreadsheet. Then I can easily analyze how often they tweet and about what subjects.”
“What I like most about IFTTT is its diversity and ever-increasing amount of applets, thanks to the site's growing popularity and the rise of IoT,” said Donald Pingaro, marketing coordinator for Redstage, an e-commerce agency. “Almost every day, there will be new applets for something you never thought of but that can show you something new or reduce a simple pain point in your life.”
“The strength of IFTTT is how it gives superpowers to people who aren't developers or engineers,” said Jesse Robbins, founder and CEO of Orion Labs, which provides voice-based services for businesses such as real-time language translation. “Anybody can use it to personalize the technology in their lives.” (Orion Labs.)
How could IFTTT be better?
Enhancements and improvements that some IFTTT users would like to see include the following:
• An improved search function
It can be difficult to find the app you want, said Bearman. “It's not because it doesn't exist. It's because there are many applets that sound the same. So, there's a little trial and error to find the right app.”
• Fewer broken apps
“With so many people creating applets, there's one big issue, and that's the fact that some apps are broken,” said Pingaro. “There doesn't seem to be a filtering system that proactively checks the applets that are uploaded, because I've found that some applets work and then stop working, and the app stays up on the site forever.”
• Pre-bundled applet suites
“The biggest area for improvement would be to have suites of applets pre-bundled, with a much easier option for integrating multiple recipes at once,” said Dary Merckens, CTO of Gunner Technology, a custom software developer. “There could be a home automation bundle that lets you control all kinds of stuff at once like lights, thermostat and grocery orders. You could have one suite and configure it all in one place.”
• Better functionality
“There's a blurry line between where IFTTT could improve and where the services it connects to need some work,” said Jay Goldman, co-founder and managing director of Sensei Labs, which offers digital workplace services. “It can be frustrating to try to set up an applet and discover that the service provider doesn't offer the functionality you need, which makes IFTTT itself less useful.”
Upon hearing these suggestions, Tibbets said, “We welcome such thoughts from consumer end users as well as the companies we partner with. We take this feedback to heart as we continue to build IFTTT and the applets on our platform.” He added that anyone can offer suggestions on IFTTT's feedback page.
What's next for IFTTT?
IFTTT has recently started enabling its service partners to incorporate IFTTT applets into their own apps, Tibbets said. He added that 30 IFTTT partners are currently developing initial versions of their apps with built-in IFTTT functionalities.
And with more users interacting with services using their voices, IFTTT has “a huge role to play” in enabling interactions with Amazon's Alexa, OK Google, Apple's Siri and other services, Tibbets said. Augmented reality is another area ripe with IFTTT applet potential, he added.
MADRID The Basque parliament on Thursday urged ETA to disarm as soon as possible, focusing attention on a pledge by the separatist group to surrender its entire arsenal two days before that handover is due to take place.
ETA declared the end of its bid to establish an independent Basque state in northern Spain and southern France in 2011 but has only handed over part of its weapons cache to authorities.
It has said it will give up the rest in the French city of Bayonne on Saturday.
However, it is not yet clear how the handover will be organised and if it will be formally accepted by the Spanish and French governments.
The Basque regional parliament in Vitoria-Gasteiz voted by 65 to 9 in support of a motion urging ETA to "carry out a single act of unilateral, complete, definitive and verified disarmament as soon as possible".
It also called for an international verification commission, which was set up when ETA declared a ceasefire in 2011, to continue supporting the process.
Spain's ruling Popular Party (PP) refuses to negotiate with ETA, instead calling for its total dissolution.
Its representative in the Basque parliament, Alfonso Alonso, said the planned handover was "a dramatisation of surrender".
"ETA lasted such a long time because it had social and political support. The process of socially disarming ETA is not over," Alonso said.
The Spanish state prosecutor has asked the High Court to examine any arms cache for murder weapons used in unresolved cases, but the judge has yet to give a ruling, a court spokeswoman said.
(Additional reporting by Inmaculada Sanz; Editing by Sonya Dowsett and John Stonestreet)
BERLIN Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) wants to increase the productivity of its plants at its core brand to catch up with rivals, the head of the VW brand told a German newspaper.
"There's no avoiding it, the plants have to become much more productive in the coming years because we are not making enough money with our cars at the moment," Herbert Diess was quoted as saying by tne Sueddeutsche Zeitung in an interview published on Thursday.
His comments came after first-quarter operating profit at VW's largest division surged to 869 million euros ($948.9 million) from 73 million a year earlier.
Investors have said a turnaround at the VW brand, which has long been saddled with high fixed and R&D costs, is key to turning the German giant into a more attractive business.
"We need to catch up urgently," Diess said, saying it was not easy to get the message across.
(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
(Corrects quote in third paragraph to "no" from "now".)
STOCKHOLM, March 28 A fire broke out on Tuesday in a building housing an auto battery laboratory at Geely-owned Volvo Car Group's plant in Gothenburg, in western Sweden, the company said.
Volvo Cars said the blaze was under control, but 150 employees had to be evacuated from the laboratory and surrounding buildings.
"There is no impact on the production from the fire," a spokesperson said.
This is the second fire at Volvo Car's Gothenburg plant in less than two months. In early February, another building, housing a test facility, caught fire.
(Reporting by Johan Sennero; editing by Niklas Pollard)
April 28 Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Sunesis Pharmaceuticals - in conjunction with Bjerkholt's resignation, on April 27, 2017, board appointed Daniel N. Swisher as company's interim CFO
* Sunesis Pharmaceuticals Inc - company continues search for full time chief financial officer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Equity Bancshares Inc-
* Equity Bancshares Inc reports record first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.40
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.43 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Equity Bancshares -net interest income was $19.9 million for three months ended March 31, 2017, as compared to $12.8 million for three months ended March 31, 2016
* Equity Bancshares Inc qtrly net interest margin was 3.96% as compared to 3.33% for same time period in 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Chanakya IAS Academy announces its exclusive and most awaited Prelims Test Series which is going to start in 2 batches. 1 batch will commence from 9th December 2017and the other batch will start from 6th January 2018. The Test Series will be available for both English and Hindi Medium Students and will consist of total 40 (30 GS and 10 CSAT) papers. The Test series is designed by subject-matter experts, toppers from past year and Mr. AK Mishra, Founder & Chairman, Chanakya IAS Academy. The test series can be availed in any mode; either classroom, online or postal. The fee for the complete package is Rs. 5000. Students can either purchase the entire package or can opt for only GS Test Papers or just CSAT Test papers as per the requirement.
The Test Series of Chanakya has been an indispensable tool for every serious aspirant and provides a splendid opportunity for all those who are ready to upgrade their preparation to meet the UPSC standards. Depending upon the feasibility and preference of the students, Chanakya's Prelims Test Series can be availed in online, postal or classroom format. The Test series will extensively cover the entire syllabus of Prelims with an aim to help students thoroughly prepare for the examination. Chanakya's Prelims Test Series will strictly follow UPSC Prelims exam pattern and as per the preliminary exam norms, Paper 1, GS paper will consist of 100 questions while CSAT paper will consists of 80 questions with 2 hours of duration given to each test paper.
The Academy will also provide detailed answer evaluation along with answer keys by experts to help students analyse their mistakes and improve their strike rate. Weekly current affairs booklet covering editorials and important information from Newspaper and magazines like The Hindi, Indian Express, Kurukshetra, Yojana, RSTV, LSTV will also be provided to the enrolled students.
Loads of students every year acknowledge the role of Chanakya's Test Series in their journey to success. Even if we look at the last year analysis, Out of around 1500 questions asked in our Prelims Test Series, around 60 were directly or indirectly questioned in CSE Prelims 2016 exam. And these are the results which constantly encourage us to prepare our Test Series every year with deeper analysis and research with the help of experts and toppers to help Civil Services aspirants succeed in their quest. Test series allows candidates to assess their performance before they actually sit for the UPSC Civil Services Preliminary examination. We wish all the Civil Services aspirants Good Luck for their preparations”, Said by the spokesperson at Chanakya IAS Academy.
MITSUBISHI Motors Philippines Corp. (MMPC) posted 12.6-percent growth in sales in the first quarter of this year from a year ago, attributing the increase to seasonal factors and the right mix of in-demand vehicles.
“For the first quarter this year, MMPC sold a total of 16,509 units for a 12.6-percent growth compared to the same period last year,” MMPC said in a statement on Monday.
It said sales for the month of March rose 43.8 percent year-on-year to 6,822 units, the highest monthly retail sales volume the company has recorded.
“This is the highest monthly retail sales volume ever attained by MMPC in spite of the severe competition now in the automotive industry. This March sales volume also accounts for a significant double-digit growth of 43.8 percent against 38.3 percent in the same period in 2016,” the MMPC added.
“March sales growth can be attributed to seasonality at the same time having the right mix of highly in-demand vehicles such as the Mirage hatchback, Mirage G4, Montero Sport, L300 and Adventure,” Froilan Dytianquin, MMPC first vice president for marketing, told The Manila Times in a text message.
Sales of passenger cars in March increased by 51.3 percent from February with 1,619 units sold.
According to MMPC, “the Mirage G4 which is now locally manufactured and the soon-to-be locally produced Mirage continues to attract first-time car buyers and young families with its exceptional value for money proposition and fuel efficiency.”
“As for the locally manufactured Mirage G4, sales could have been better if our production could cope with the demand. Right now we are optimizing production toward L300 and Adventure since these models will be terminated this year,” Dytianquin added.
Meanwhile, light commercial vehicle sales volume reached 4,966 units, representing a 40.8-percent growth compared with February sales and an improvement of 54.8 percent against the same period last year. The unveiling of the Montero Sport GLX variant and the 2017 Strada, which is now equipped with the 4N15 MIVEC Clean Diesel Engine, contributed to sales featured in March, MMPC said.
Montero Sport sales in March reached a total of 2,007 units, the highest monthly sales since its introduction in the Philippines, MMPC said.
It said truck and bus sales continue to surge, improving by 95.9 percent from March 2016 with 237 units sold.
MMPC said it is highly confident it can sustain the robust sales growth and achieve its sales target for 2017.
IoT malware clashes in a botnet territory battle
The Hajime malware is competing with the Mirai malware to enslave some IoT devices.
Credit: Michael Kan
Mirai -- a notorious malware that's been enslaving IoT devices -- has competition.
A rival piece of programming has been infecting some of the same easy-to-hack internet-of-things products, with a resiliency that surpasses Mirai, according to security researchers.
"You can almost call it Mirai on steroids," said Marshal Webb, CTO at BackConnect, a provider of services to protect against distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks.
Security researchers have dubbed the rival IoT malware Hajime, and since it was discovered more than six months ago, it's been spreading unabated and creating a botnet. Webb estimates it's infected about 100,000 devices across the globe.
These botnets, or networks of enslaved computers, can be problematic. They're often used to launch massive DDoS attacks that can take down websites or even disrupt the internet's infrastructure.
That's how the Mirai malware grabbed headlines last October. A DDoS attack from a Mirai-created botnet targeted DNS provider Dyn, which shut down and slowed internet traffic across the U.S.
Hajime was first discovered in the same month, when security researchers at Rapidity Networks were on the lookout for Mirai activity. What they found instead was something similar, but also more tenacious.
Like Mirai, Hajime also scans the internet for poorly secured IoT devices like cameras, DVRs, and routers. It compromises them by trying different username and password combinations and then transferring a malicious program.
However, Hajime doesn't take orders from a command-and-control server like Mirai-infected devices do. Instead, it communicates over a peer-to-peer network built off protocols used in BitTorrent, resulting in a botnet that's more decentralized -- and harder to stop.
"Hajime is much, much more advanced than Mirai," Webb said. "It has a more effective way to do command and control."
Broadband providers have been chipping away at Mirai-created botnets, by blocking internet traffic to the command servers they communicate with. In the meantime, Hajime has continued to grow 24/7, enslaving some of the same devices. Its peer-to-peer nature means many of the infected devices can relay files or instructions to rest of the botnet, making it more resilient against any blocking efforts.
Hajime infection attempts (blue) vs Mirai infection attempts (red), according to a honeypot from security researcher Vesselin Bontchev. Credit: Vesselin Bontchev. (Click for larger image).
Who's behind Hajime? Security researchers aren't sure. Strangely, they haven't observed the Hajime botnet launching any DDoS attacks -- which is good news. A botnet of Hajime's scope is probably capable of launching a massive one similar to what Mirai has done.
1 2 Next Page
NKOLE NKOLE, Lusaka
THE integrated health situation room was the buzz term almost a fortnight ago in Zambia's health circles.
As a new tool to fast track the HIV/AIDS response in Zambia, it bears significance for being the first integrated situation room in Africa.
It was launched on March 6 by President Edgar Lungu and UNAIDS executive director, Michel Sidibé who was on an official visit to Zambia.
The situation room is considered an innovative tool that centralises health data for HIV, TB, maternal health and malaria for more effective and precise programming to reach more people with services.
More specifically it is a data visualisation platform which draws from multiple data sources and produces powerful analytical outputs for programmes. The platform can also include additional disease areas on needs basis.
It is a tool which will enable authorities at all levels to have easy access to integrated health data and allows various institutions including the President's office, the Vice -President's office, ministers and the Secretary to the Cabinet's office to have data readily- available for informed decision-making.
Through the situation room, Zambians will have the opportunity to have a comprehensive picture and understanding of the country's health status.
President Lungu described the Situation room as a milestone in the country's e-government agenda: “It will attain strategic importance by availing timely access to critical data across all areas of health including HIV, malaria, maternal and child health. It is pleasing that all this will be available with the click of a button.”
The situation room will further enable quick feedback on health outcomes at district and community levels as well as identify any bottlenecks and challenges to accessing health services.
It can also be seen as a planning tool to help the government effectively decide on resources to be allocated in the health sector and achieve its ambitious goals of eliminating malaria, achieving epidemic control of HIV and keeping mothers and children healthy and alive.
While HIV remains a source of concern in Zambia, President Lungu simultaneously acknowledges that progress has been made towards the target of reaching zero new infections, zero discrimination and zero AIDS-related deaths by 2030.
But HIV was not the only health concern noted by the President as the situation room was launched. He reminded that malaria remained the leading cause of death in Zambia.
“In 2016 alone about 1,800 people died due to malaria, robbing the country of its potential human capital,” President Lungu stated.
Even though the number dropped from 2,400 deaths in 2015, it is still unacceptably high, insists the President.
He said that apart from HIV, malaria would be placed among the priority diseases that will be immediately visible in the Zambia integrated health situation room and assured that he intended to fully utilise the situation room without having to consult the Ministry of Health every time.
He further shared his intention to take the Ministry of Health to task from his informed position using the system.
Additional benefits of the situation room will be accurate programming to ensure mothers have access to HIV testing early on in their pregnancy, children living with HIV will have regular access to care and treatment and antiretroviral medicines are replenished quickly should stock-outs occur.
During his official visit to Zambia, Mr Sidibé said Zambia demonstrates that “we can make a difference in the response to disease. The response of the government, civil society and communities to the recent cholera outbreak clearly shows this. We will make the dream of ending AIDS a reality.”
He said UNAIDS would enhance bilateral relations with Zambia because the domestic stand against HIV was important for collective efforts in preventing the spread of HIV.
He also assured that the organisation would further enhance co-ordination between Zambia and various UN agencies with the view to help the country overcome HIV in any way possible.
When he met with civil society organisations in Lusaka they discussed issues such as the need for integration and human resources for health, stigma and discrimination, commodity security, treatment adherence, access to services in rural areas and issues of consent for young people.
During his address to the inaugural meeting of the national HIV prevention coalition, he emphasised that prevention needs to be community-driven and not commodity-driven.
Mr Sidibé also spoke before the Zambian parliament which he recognised as being one of the oldest legislatures in southern Africa and referred to parliamentarians as the champions of the people.
When he toured the Chilenje level 1 hospital in Lusaka which also runs an HIV health facility, he described it as “a fantastic example of integrated people-centred activities in action.”
The facility uses a neighbourhood health committee model which takes health sensitisation into communities.
It has also witnessed an increase in HIV testing from 1811 tests in the first quarter of 2017 to 5312 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
In describing the specific benefits of the e-governance, President Lungu said it would improve service delivery to Zambians through enhanced monitoring capacity, increased transparency and lowering the cost of doing government business.
E-governance has been identified and adopted as one of the most efficient vehicles for appropriate, transparent and inclusive/ participatory decision making.
The adoption of e-governance is argued to make public institutions more responsive and transparent, promote efficient Public Private Partnerships (PPP), and empower citizens by making knowledge and other resources more directly accessible.
In today's technological age, e-governance is considered the alternative to inefficient traditional knowledge systems characterised by red tape in public service delivery.
The situation room is therefore expected to stand out as a model for efficiency in public service delivery and to be embraced by all institutions and individuals intent on pushing the e-governance agenda forward.
* Maijoor cautions London rivals not to undercut each others
* French regulator pushes for more clearing outside London
By Tom Sims and Andreas Kröner
FRANKFURT, April 20 A senior European regulator on Thursday warned supervisors in financial centres on the continent against undercutting each other to attract business from London after Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Steven Maijoor, chairman of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), said in a speech there were some indications of "flexible national competition" as financial centres in Europe seek London's financial business.
"That is not the right process," Maijoor said. "It undermines the stability" of the remainder of the European Union. "This has been recognised by ESMA."
The risk of such arbitrage has recently crept onto the radar screens of politicians and regulators. Ireland has complained to the European Commission it is being undercut by rival centres competing to host financial firms looking for an EU base outside London.
Maijoor was speaking at a conference on clearing and derivatives as debate rages about the future financial landscape of Europe after Brexit.
Particularly intense debate has centred around a single big prize - the possible relocation of euro-denominated clearing operations from London to Paris or Frankfurt.
Some politicians and regulators believe Deutsche Boerse's subsidiary Eurex Clearing, based in Frankfurt, and LSE subsidiary Clearnet SA, based in Paris, are especially well placed to take on additional clearing business.
Maijoor's comments applied to supervision across the board, but also referred to euro denominated clearing.
He told Reuters: "it is fine when financial centres attract business for being efficient, but it should not be on the basis of regulatory or supervisory standards", when asked about the risks of Paris and Frankfurt fighting for the clearing business.
He made those comments as Philippe Guillot, who heads the market directorate at French regulator L'Autorité des Marchés Financiers, said he favoured moving clearing from London.
"Business is getting more and more interconnected and more and more electronic." he said. "London was the model of the very centralized hub. Tomorrow you will have a much more decentralized hub with people sprinkling their staff everywhere, connected by systems." (Editing by John O'Donnell and Mark Potter)
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairman
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairman.
FILE PHOTO - Construction cranes are seen in front of Paris landmark, the Eiffel Tower, May 25, 2015. Picture taken May 25, 2015. REUTERS/Jean-Paul Pelissier
PARIS French growth slowed in the first three months of the year as more households spent less money on heating bills through a period of unusually warm winter weather and with little obvious impact from the run-up to an election, official data showed on Friday.
Consumer sentiment has held steady at near a 10-year high while business confidence has been running at close to six-year records despite one of closest and most unpredictable presidential elections in decades which will be decided in a run-off vote on May 7.
Despite the uncertainty surrounding the election, the euro zone's second-biggest economy grew 0.3 percent, the INSEE national statistics agency said in its first estimate for the quarter.
The result marked a slowdown from the final three months of last year when the economy grew 0.5 percent, and it was marginally below economists' average forecast for 0.4 percent.
Though consumer spending growth slowed nearly to a standstill, it was in large part due to lower heating bills and weaker spending on clothes amid unseasonably warm weather.
Business investment grew at the fastest pace in a year as companies rushed to take advantage of a tax writedown on outlays for new equipment before its expiration in mid April.
"It looks as if political risk didn't affect the French economy that much," Morgan Stanley economist Daniele Antonucci said in a research note.
"Our base case is that the second round too delivers a market-friendly outcome, such that Emmanuel Macron wins the presidency," he added.
Macron, a centrist former economy minister who wants gradual reform, is tipped by polls to win the runoff vote against far right leader Marine Le Pen who wants France to abandon the euro after the two qualified in a first round of voting last Sunday.
The GDP report showed that household investment, which is primarily made up of real estate purchases, remained firm. That is helping fuel a recovery in the construction sector, with housing starts at a nearly 4-1/2 year high.
Overall internal demand contributed 0.4 percent to growth in the quarter, INSEE said. Meanwhile, companies rebuilding depleted inventories added a further 0.6 percent, but that was wiped out by foreign trade, which knocked 0.7 percentage points off growth due to weak exports, especially of Airbus aircraft.
For a graphic of GDP by contributions: reut.rs/2oQ8Pxu
(Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Andrew Callus)
CARACAS, March 29 Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA said on Wednesday a spill at its main exporting port Jose had been halted without any impact on crude shipments from the terminal.
"Operations of production and shipment of crudes from the Hugo Chavez Orinoco Belt were not compromised and continue with absolute normality," it said in a statement. (Reporting by Deisy Buitrago; Writing by Andrew Cawthorne)
LONDON, April 28 Nearly half of Scottish voters do not want another referendum on independence from the United Kingdom before it leaves the European Union, according to a YouGov poll published in The Times newspaper on Friday. According to the poll 49 percent of Scots are against a referendum being held between the autumn of 2018 and the spring of 2019 - the timetable proposed by Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon. Some 37 percent supported this timetable, while 14 percent did not know.
A survey by Kantar, published on Tuesday, found most Scottish voters do not want another referendum.
Scots voted by a wide margin to stick with the European Union in last June's referendum, clashing with the UK as a whole which voted to leave.
Scotland's devolved government, run by Sturgeon's Scottish National Party (SNP), says this means the country should be given a new chance to decide whether it wants to split from the UK. The central government in London opposes this. (Reporting by James Davey; editing by Kate Holton)
PARIS (AP) — A tardy Naomi Campbell triggered a dangerous media scrum as she entered Jean-Paul Gaultier's couture ode to smoking in Paris Wednesday.
It raised the heat in the already scorching atmosphere on the final day of Paris fall-winter shows.
Temperatures reached heatwave levels and sweating fashionistas fanned themselves with Gaultier-branded fans.
Here are some highlights of the couture collections.
Advertisement
GAULTIER'S ODE TO SMOKING
It's been banned in public — but smoking evidently has not been outlawed as a source of fashion inspiration.
The unusual homage by Jean-Paul Gaultier to one of the world's dirtiest, and most glamorous, habits made for a typically tongue-in-cheek collection of 73 varied looks.
A black bison tuxedo jacket had the words "Gaultier Smoking" emblazoned on the front.
It was a play on words on the French translation on "tuxedo," which is "le smoking" — and one that continued in myriad black and white deconstructions of tuxedo looks.
A surreal variation on the red Fez hat from Morocco — a country famed for its shisha pipes — also made an appearance. It covered the face, and from eye slits, the red tassels seemed to hang down like tears.
Tulle mouth masks followed white plume boas representing plumes of smoke.
But the final creation — a giant silver bridal veil — was the most creative look. Its shimmering, five-meter (16-foot) train was so diaphanous, it licked the air and evoked rising smoke.
Pedro Almodovar's muse, actress Rossy de Palma, applauded from the front row.
___
ELIE SAAB
Elie Saab took his itinerant couture inspiration to Barcelona this season.
The famed Modernist architecture of Antoni Gaudi — and its organic lines — were the focus of many of the Lebanese designer's gowns.
Oversize rounded shoulders, which were sometimes dramatically raised from the body, were a new silhouette variation on the house's bread-and-butter cinched waist looks.
The industrious Saab couture atelier had got to work to weave the signature crystals, sequins and pearls together to — as the program notes put it — depict "the sinuosity of organic forms."
The swirling stone reliefs of the Musee des Arts Decoratifs venue, inside the Louvre palace, accentuated the clothes' architectural lines.
___
PARIS FASHION GETS TOUGHER ON PRESS
Certain Paris Fashion Week houses pride themselves on careful image control and restrictive press access.
As privately held brands, this is their right — although it can sometimes be excessive and lead to accusations of elitism.
Invitations are sent to carefully selected journalists and buyers, and some houses prefer smaller venues. The system is thought to increase the mystery and cachet of the clothes.
Like Balenciaga, Maison Margiela under John Galliano is one of many with a highly strict policy.
For the second season Maison Margiela extended their media clampdown to all photographic agencies, bar two, sending out a note explaining they would be handling the photography mainly "in-house" for Wednesday's morning show.
The unusual move means that almost all images of the couture are now under the direct control of the Maison Margiela house.
___
Thomas Adamson can be followed at www.twitter.com/ThomasAdamson_K
March 31 Perisson Petroleum Corp
* Perisson provides operational update on Colombian assets
* Perisson Petroleum - anh regulator in process of reviewing existing regulations to encourage foreign cos to continue to invest in Colombia S.A.
* Perisson Petroleum Corp - co has agreed to extension request from Agencia Nacional De Hidrocarburos for continuation of VMM-17 exploration license to September 17, 2017
* Co has agreed to extension request from anh for continuation of VMM-17 exploration license to September 17, 2017
* Co has issued and delivered an extension to ANH for associated letter of credit with an expiry of September 17, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Kuwait swings up in volatile session
* Reuters poll finds managers divided on Kuwait
* Banking shares support Saudi
* Dubai buoyed by blue chips
* FGB, NBAD shares fall on last day of trade as single stocks
* Qatar lags, Egypt flat
By Celine Aswad
DUBAI, March 30 Most stock markets in the Gulf ended the week on a slightly positive footing on Thursday with Kuwait's index managing to rebound from heavy losses earlier in the session.
The Kuwaiti index swung 0.3 percent in a volatile session, after dropping as much as 2.0 percent earlier in the day as some shares which had pulled back in the first hour of trade triggered buy orders at those price dips.
Telecommunications operator Zain added 1.1 percent to 0.455 dinars, rebounding from a session low of .445 dinars.
In a Reuters poll of 13 leading regional fund managers, conducted over the past week, 23 percent of managers expected to raise their Kuwaiti equity allocations and the same proportion to reduce them.
But while some managers cite the Kuwaiti government's strong financial position, which has allowed it to avoid most austerity steps, others think the 22 percent rise in the index since the start of the year is excessive.
In Saudi Arabia, banking shares helped carry the index 0.8 percent higher with all 12 lenders advancing 1 percent or more. Mid-sized Bank Aljazira was the top gainer among them, jumping 7.8 percent.
Other cyclical shares were also strong with bookstore and electronics retailer Jarir jumping 3.1 percent.
Yanbu National Petrochemical, however, fell 0.4 percent after saying it planned a temporary shutdown at two of its facilities. The financial impact was estimated to be 110 million riyals ($29.3 million) and would be reflected in second- and third-quarter results, it added.
Elsewhere, Dubai's index climbed 1.0 percent with daily traded volumes doubling from Wednesday's very low levels.
Most mid-to-large cap companies made gains; Emaar Properties adding 1.1 percent and its retail operating unit Emaar Malls Group rising 1.5 percent.
In neighbouring Abu Dhabi, the index was lifted 0.2 percent higher on the back of gains in second and third tier shares. Eshraq Properties jumped 4.9 percent.
But shares of First Gulf Bank and National Bank of Abu Dhabi fell in their final day of trading as a separate entity. FGB declined 0.4 percent and NBAD dropped 1.9 percent. On April 1 the two lenders will merge to form a bank under the name National Bank of Abu Dhabi.
Shares of Waha Capital slumped 7.6 percent as its they went ex-dividend on Thursday.
In Doha, the index lagged behind and fell 0.3 percent. Vodafone Qatar lost 1.4 percent.
Egypt's index edged up 0.1 percent in very low volumes with declining shares outnumbering advancing ones 20 to nine.
Oriental Weavers Carpet was the top performer on Thursday jumping 4.7 percent while property investment company Porto Group was the worst performer, dropping 3.7 percent.
THURSDAY'S HIGHLIGHTS
SAUDI ARABIA
* The index added 0.8 percent to 7,002 points.
DUBAI
* The index rose 1.0 percent to 3,480 points.
ABU DHABI
* The index edged up 0.2 percent to 4,444 points.
QATAR
* The index fell 0.3 percent to 10,391 points.
KUWAIT
* The index added 0.3 percent to 7,029 points.
EGYPT
* The index edged up 0.06 percent to 12,995 points.
OMAN
* The index edged down 0.05 percent to 5,550 points.
BAHRAIN
* The index fell 1.8 percent to 1,356 points.
(Editing by Andrew Torchia/Mark Heinrich)
Police have confirmed that a foreign national was arrested yesterday after a United Airlines plane was diverted to Auckland because of a badly behaved passenger.
Flight UA870 from Sydney to San Francisco was carrying 252 passengers and was diverted when crew had problems with a passenger.
Flight path of the United Airlines flight diverted to Auckland. Source: 1 NEWS
Immigration NZ spokesperson Marc Piercey told 1 NEWS that an American National was denied entry to New Zealand as he did not meet entry and border requirements.
He is currently in police custody while arrangements are made for him to board a flight back to the US.
A United Airlines spokeswoman has also confirmed that a “disruptive passenger who did not comply with instructions was removed from the UA870 flight”.
Passengers on the flight were put up hotels in Auckland.
LONDON Royal Bank of Scotland swung to a better than expected first quarter profit of 259 million pounds ($334.24 million), it reported on Friday, its first quarterly profit since September 2015.
The result was more than the 50 million pounds forecast from the average of analysts' estimates compiled by the bank, as the state-backed lender battles restructuring costs and conduct fines resulting from its years of over-expansion leading into the 2008 financial crisis.
The bank has said 2017 will probably be the final year it makes a loss as it moves nearer to closing the darkest chapter in its 290-year history, which has seen it rack up more than 58 billion pounds in losses so far.
The lender said it had no update on progress in talks with the U.S. Justice Department as the bank seeks to settle claims that it is like many peers mis-sold mortgage securities in the build-up to the 2008 financial crisis.
RBS in January set aside a further 3.1 billion pound provision as it prepares to settle the claims, which some analysts have said could end up costing it as much as 9 billion pounds in total.
Resolving the case is one of the bank's two biggest remaining barriers to the goal of making a profit in 2018.
The other is an obligation RBS had under European state aid demands, whereby in recompense for receiving its bailout the bank would have to sell its Williams & Glyn unit.
RBS said in February it had found a potential escape from that seven year-process, which had been fraught with rising costs and complexity. Instead the government is applying to the European Commission to approve a new plan whereby RBS will instead put in place measures to boost the competitiveness of smaller British bank peers.
The European Commission is investigating the proposals.
RBS said its core capital ratio, a key measure of financial strength, rose to 14.1 percent from 13.4 percent a year ago.
(Reporting By Lawrence White, editing by Huw Jones)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- On both sides of the state line, the Fox 4 sports team is delivering highlights, predictions and discussions in the Fox 4/HyVee Prep Report, every Friday night on FOX 4 News at 10 p.m.
Watch Part 1 in the video player above and Part 2 in the video player below to make sure you don't miss any of the KC high school basketball action.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Football Soccer - Ajax Amsterdam v Olympique Lyonnais - UEFA Europa League Semi Final First Leg - Amsterdam ArenA, Amsterdam, Netherlands - 3/5/17 Ajax's Bertrand Traore and Kasper Dolberg celebrate after the match Reuters / Michael Kooren Livepic
AMSTERDAM Ajax Amsterdam produced a performance worthy of the club's illustrious past when they crushed Olympique Lyonnais 4-1 on Wednesday to move to the brink of their first European final since 1996.
Bertrand Traore led the way with two goals in an enthralling, end-to-end Europa League semi-final first leg in which the Dutch side fielded a starting line-up with an average age of under 22 years old.
Danish teenager Kasper Dolberg and Amin Younes also netted for Ajax while Mathieu Valbuena replied for the French visitors who could easily have scored three or four goals themselves.
Four-times European champions Ajax were once one of Europe's biggest clubs but are no longer able to compete financially with teams from England, Spain and Germany.
Their last European final appearance was in the Champions League in 1996 when they lost to Juventus on penalties.
In a raucous atmosphere, the visitors had the best of the opening 20 minutes, pressing Ajax high up the pitch and making it difficult for the hosts to get out of their own half.
But the game turned completely after Ajax went ahead against the run of play in the 25th minute, Traore getting a glancing header to Hakim Ziyech's inswinging free kick to guide the ball past goalkeeper Anthony Lopes.
The Burkinabe forward, on loan from Chelsea, also set up Ajax's second nine minutes later when he headed a poor Lopes clearance into the path of Dolberg, who drilled a low shot past the Portuguese keeper.
Ajax extended their lead four minutes after the re-start when Ziyech played the ball through to Younes, who beat Lopes with a deflected shot.
The ball was hooked away by a defender and the goal was awarded without the help of goal-line technology which is not used in the Europa League.
Valbuena reduced the arrears in the 66th minute, scoring from the edge of the area after a headed clearance landed at his feet. Nabil Fekir nearly grabbed a second for Lyon shortly afterwards but was denied by Andre Onana.
Traore restored Ajax's three-goal lead, firing in from close range after Ziyech's third assist of the game.
Both teams continued to go forward with Onana making a double save to deny Lyon while Ajax had a succession of counter-attacks but were repeatedly foiled by Lopes in a breathless finale.
Spanish side Celta Vigo host England's Manchester United in the first leg of the second semi-final on Thursday.
(Writing by Brian Homewood, editing by Ed Osmond)
TORONTO Although BlackBerry Ltd (BB.TO) has extricated itself from the smartphone handsets that weighed on its recent fortunes, the Canadian firm faces a tough slog to convince skeptics it can return to its glory days through an enlarged software business.
The company, which will report fourth-quarter and full-year results on Friday, says it has no major gaps in its software portfolio, thanks to the integration of a string of recent acquisitions.
It concedes, however, that more work is needed to get those offerings into the healthcare and automotive industries and other sectors that it hopes will power future growth.
"The bottom line is: BlackBerry is a completely different beast than it was a decade ago," said Nicholas McQuire, a workplace IT analyst at CCS Insight, a consulting firm. "However, it still needs to educate enterprises, particularly prospects in markets outside its core regulated footprint on the 'new BlackBerry'," he said.
Investors are unsure how to value the company, waiting for guidance from Chief Executive Officer John Chen, who needs a late bump in sales to hit the 30 percent growth in software revenue BlackBerry targeted for its recently completed fiscal year.
BlackBerry's enterprise-value-to-forward-revenue ratio is 3.14, according to Thomson Reuters data, lower than the roughly 4.5 ratio enjoyed by Oracle Corp (ORCL.N) and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), two of its closest peers now that Blackberry focuses on enterprise software.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based company is expected to barely break even in the fourth quarter and likely notch revenue of less than $1.4 billion in its fiscal year ended Feb. 28, 2017, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S estimates. At its peak, the smartphone pioneer was raking in more than $5.5 billion a quarter.
Blackberry's Toronto-listed shares were trading down 0.4 percent at C$9.40, while the benchmark Canadian share index .GSPTSE was up 0.3 percent.
BlackBerry declined to comment ahead of its earnings release.
The redesigned company has gone from selling its own phones with the servers and software that manage them for businesses and governments to securing an array of rival devices and the information that flows to and from them.
Cybersecurity, AUTONOMOUS VEHICLES
It is also targeting the burgeoning but fragmented market to connect sensors and other devices and has invested in other potentially high-growth areas including cybersecurity consulting and autonomous vehicles. "It has pivoted in the right direction with some new and promising areas ahead of it, but these are nascent markets which will take time to materializes in its bottom line," McQuire said.
The company's 2015 purchases of Good Technology and WatchDox helped it secure a leading position in the enterprise mobility market, and its QNX industrial operating system is key to its self-driving vehicle ambitions. However, there is tough competition in these and other areas of interest.
"We have a no-moat rating for BlackBerry," said Ali Mogharabi, an analyst at Morningstar. "There's still a lot of uncertainty on how well they are going to progress in autonomous driving and other growth markets."
The company no longer has any responsibility for making or selling smartphones bearing its brand, after setting up late last year to take a cut on sales from the likes of Chinese smartphone maker TCL Communication, which will begin selling a BlackBerry-branded phone in April.
But given TCL is going to rely on the BlackBerry name to sell the KeyOne device, which it announced at a major technology conference last month, the separation may yet prove difficult.
Chen, who took over the helm of BlackBerry in late 2013, said in December the company would likely take another four or five quarters to halt the steady decline in its overall revenue, with software sales growth projected to slow to around 15 percent in the fiscal year that began in March.
"What would help is if these guys actually standardize the type of guidance and/or the detailed information they provide on their calls," Morningstar's Mogharabi said. "It's pretty tough to get a clear picture of where they are in the turnaround mode and the potential upside or downside going forward."
(Reporting by Alastair Sharp; Editing by Denny Thomas and Paul Simao)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, greets supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Supporters celebrate with French flags as Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters as she arrives surrounded by security members at a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Supporters celebrate with French flags as Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, attends a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, smiles to supporters at the end of a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
Marine Le Pen, French National Front (FN) political party leader and candidate for French 2017 presidential election, waves to supporters as she arrives surrounded by security members at a political rally in Bordeaux, France, April 2, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau
BORDEAUX/CHATEAUROUX French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen told a political rally on Sunday that the euro currency which she wants France to ditch was like a knife in the ribs of the French people.
The leader of the eurosceptic and anti-immigrant National Front (FN) also told the rally in the city of Bordeaux that the forthcoming election for president could herald a "change in civilisation".
Encouraged by the unexpected election of Donald Trump in the United States and by Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Le Pen hopes to profit from a similar populist momentum in France, though opinion polls suggest she will lose the May 7 run-off.
"We are at the mercy of a currency adapted to Germany and not to our economy. The euro is mostly a knife stuck in our ribs to make us go where others want us to go," Le Pen said to loud cheers and applause.
Reiterating her anti-globalisation and anti-immigration views, she declared: "We do not want France to be open to all commercial and human flows, without protection and borders."
A government under Le Pen's presidency would take France out of the euro zone and bring back a national currency, hold a referendum on its EU membership and slap taxes on imports and on companies hiring foreigners.
Le Pen says she would curb migration, expel all illegal migrants and restrict certain rights now available to all residents, including free education, to French citizens.
She hit out at her two main opponents in the French election, independent centrist Emmanuel Macron and conservative candidate Francois Fillon, saying they belonged to "the same system"
"The system is panicking because it sees people are waking up," she said.
Opinion polls forecast Le Pen will do well in the April 23 first round of the presidential election only to lose the May 7 run-off to centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron.
But the high number of undecided voters means the outcome remains unpredictable and motivating people to go to the polling stations will be key for the leading candidates.
MELENCHON SAYS LE PEN CANNOT WIN
Elsehere in France, left wing firebrand Jean-Luc Melenchon told a political rally in Chateauroux, central France, he was convinced Le Pen stood no chance of winning the election.
"A chair, a table, or a bench would be elected rather than her in this country," he said.
Le Pen, Melenchon and Macron are all trying to attract voters disillusioned with mainstream parties.
There are some similarities between Melenchon's platform and Le Pen's, both sceptical of the EU and globalisation but offering very different policies as the former Socialist staunchly criticises Le Pen's views on immigration.
Melenchon, who has overtaken the official Socialist party candidate Benoit Hamon in election polls and now ranks fourth, on the heels of Fillon, told his supporters: "the wave is rising, my friends"
Melenchon, a political veteran, whose potential election score in polls has risen to as high as 16 percent in the past few days, has ruled out asking Hamon to pull out of the race and join him.
(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Richard Balmforth, Greg Mahlich)
The tomb, unveiled to the media on Saturday, is made of mud brick and includes wall paintings in good condition depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Other scenes also depict a monkey - in pharaonic times, monkeys were commonly kept as domestic animals - picking fruit. Similar scenes have been found in other tombs belonging to the later 12th dynasty, according to the ministry's statement. Another scene shows a monkey dancing before an orchestra.
According to the ministry, the archaeological mission behind the discovery started excavation work last October. Archaeologists have been making discoveries near the site since the 19th century, and Mostafa al-Waziri, who led the mission, believes there is still more to be found.
"This is a very promising area. We expect to find more," Al-Waziri told reporters at the site. "We have removed between 250-300 cubic meters of layers of earth to find the tomb."
"What we see above the earth's surface in Egypt doesn't exceed 40 percent of what the core holds," he added.
Al-Waziri believes Hetpet had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis and said that excavation work is underway to find that one too.
Hetpet is a previously known figure in Egyptian antiquity though her mummy has not been discovered yet. Fragments of artefacts belonging to Hetpet were found in the same area back in 1909, and were moved to a museum in Berlin at the time, Antiquities Minister Khaled al-Anani said Saturday, speaking at the site to reporters and Western diplomats.
Despite all the discoveries already made about ancient Egypt, experts say they hope to find much more - in part thanks to modern technology - treasures still buried under the vast desert.
The area of the latest discovery is close to a new museum under construction that will house some of Egypt's most unique and precious artifacts, including many belonging to the famed boy King Tutankhamun.
The first phase of Grand Egyptian museum is expected to be opened later this year while the grand opening is planned for 2022.
In January, Egypt placed the ancient statue of one of its most famous pharaohs, Ramses II at the museum's atrium, which will include 43 massive statues.
Throughout 2017, the Antiquities Ministry made a string of discoveries across Egypt - including some in the southern city Luxor known for its spectacular temples and tombs spanning different dynasties of ancient Egyptian history.
Egypt hopes the inauguration of the new museum, along with the recent discoveries, will draw back visitors to the country where tourism has been hit hard by extremist attacks and political turmoil following the 2011 popular uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak and the authorities' struggles to rein in an insurgency by Islamic militants.
The government has tightened security around archaeological and touristic sites and spent millions of dollars to upgrade airport security especially following the 2015 downing of a Russian airliner over the restive Sinai Peninsula by the Islamic State group, killing 224 people on board.
The bombing dealt Egypt's vital tourism sector a hard blow after Russia suspended flights to and from Egypt.
In December, Cairo and Moscow signed a security protocol and announced plans to resume Russian flights to the Egyptian capital, due to start this month.
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
MONROE COUNTY, Fla. - Monroe County's administrator and Emergency Operations Center director visited Local 10 Wednesday, and both say the Florida Keys are doing well going into the 2018 hurricane season.
"The recovery is going very well in the Keys," Monroe County Administrator Roman Gastesi said. "Tax revenues are back up. Most of them are already in the black. Property values are back up. So things are bouncing right back."
The chain of islands is 120 miles long, and Hurricane Irma hit a 20-mile area the hardest.
Officials said the Federal Emergency Management Agency has been very supportive, but now it is time for the county and cities to be reimbursed.
"We have received about $600,000 and we have applied for $34 million," Gastesi said. "So we are hurting and our budget is coming up, so it has been tough."
One of the biggest challenges has always been affordable housing for the Keys workforce, and Irma exacerbated the situation.
"Having trailers and RVs in a world that is only 3 to 5 feet above sea level may not be the best solution," Monroe County EOC Director Martin Senterfitt said. "We have got to build to the proper standards and still allow for workforce housing."
And the private business sector has also been stepping up.
"We call it the military model. You know (when you serve) in the military, when you go to Key West, the military provides housing for you. We are starting to see more and more the private sector doing that," Gastesi said.
New this year is the Be Part of the Solution campaign.
"Instead of, 'Where is the government? Why aren't they saving me?' It is, 'Move out of the way. Let me save myself,'" Senterfitt said.
County officials said instead of having evacuated residents feeling frustrated that they can't get back in to the Keys, residents should have the option of being civilian second responders.
"If you are willing to take this training and I am willing to let you back in early, will you do it? I had an absolute 'yes' from the audience," Senterfitt said.
The idea is well-liked with 1,000 people already interested in signing up.
DOWNLOAD the Local 10 News Hurricane Survival Guide.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
March 30 Keppel Reit Management Limited :
* Issuance Of S$75m 3.275% Notes Due 2024 Pursuant To S$1b Multicurrency Debt Issuance Programme
* Keppel reit- notes are expected to mature on 8 april 2024
* Proceeds from issue of notes under programme will be applied towards refinancing borrowings of keppel reit
* Keppel reit mtn ,a unit of RBC investor services trust singapore has priced s$75 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.275 per cent
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage:
March 29 SG Spirit Gold Inc
* SG Spirit Gold launches financing related to acquisition of ACMPR license applicant Northern Lights Marijuana Company
* SG Spirit Gold - To sell by way of private placement up to 13.3 million subscription receipts of company at a price of $0.75 per subscription receipt
* SG Spirit Gold Inc - Anticipated net proceeds of offering will be used to fund $8 million phase II expansion at Doja's West Kelowna Facility, among others Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
click to enlarge Screenshot via YouTube
Your new governor, Mike Parson.
On Friday, Missourians will bid a final farewell to Eric Greitens, who has an exciting post-gubernatorial life waiting for him in various courtrooms. Replacing the former political wunderkind is Lt. Governor Mike Parson, a fellow Republican, but one cast in a far different mold.
Parson is a devout Baptist, an Army veteran, a farmer, a former sheriff and a longtime presence in the state legislature in both the House and Senate. Whatever kind of governor he'll turn out to be, he'll have to work to establish a legacy outside of Greitens' jagged shadow.
click to enlarge Screenshot via MEC
Sign up for our weekly newsletters to get the latest on the news, things to do and places to eat delivered right to your inbox.
Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
In the meantime, let's run down five points we do know:As governor, Greitens was a showboat among canoes, constantly bouncing between in-house PR stunts and photo ops. Parson doesn't seem to have that kind of style in him. Back in March, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch dedicated an editorial that positively fell over itself trying to find ways to praise Parson's mildness as strength, extolling his lack of "flash and pizzazz" as a boon to an office in desperate need of a new coat of dignity.At the same time, Parson hits all the major notes of a modern Republican politician. His 2016 campaign featured TV ads slamming Obamacare, defending the Second Amendment and comparing his Democratic opponent to Hillary Clinton . And unlike Greitens, the state's conservative-dominated legislature appears to not his hate guts quite so much . Parson may be dignified, but that's not necessarily good news for Democratic lawmakers. Think of him as the Mike Pence to Greitens' bombastic outsider Donald Trump. Republicans are ecstatic. Democrats? Not so much.If there's any knock on Parson, it's that he's shown a marked affinity for letting lobbyists pick up the check on meals. In 2017, the put him on blast for being the only statewide elected who accepted lobbyist gifts. According to the Missouri Ethics Commission, he's also the only statewide elected official to accept significant lobbyist freebies in 2018. (We'll let that $9.24 slide this time, Jay Ashcroft.)Granted, considering Greitens is facing questions over potentially millions of dollars in "dark money" — some it possibly "foreign in origin" — it feels somewhat petty to quibble over several hundred dollars. But Parson's record is still worth noting; In the past several years, the legislature has talked a big game about getting lobbyist gift-giving out of Missouri politics. The state's new highest official isn't on the same page.Parson is a Baptist, and his beliefs about religious liberty, same-sex marriage and abortion wouldn't raise any eyebrows with his fellow congregants on Sunday. In a 2017 Q&A with Baptist magazine Word & Way , Parson weighed on the difficulty of the confronting the "homosexual issue" while also making itthat he thinks those homosexuals are bound for a lake of fire.Of homosexuals, he said, "I'm old school. I know how I believe, I know what's going to happen to these people." A few lines later, he indicated that he'd be opposed to firing a hypothetical longtime employee just because they're gay. In a 2016 interview with, Parson groused about the failure of a controversial religious freedom bill , telling the interviewer, "I think that those with a religious objection to participating in gay marriages should be protected from any attempt to force their participation."And of course, you seemingly can't be a Republican politician without constantly talking about guns and trying to tear down the state's abortion rights. Parson hits both points: He sponsored a 2007 expansion of the state's "Castle Doctrine," and on his 2016 campaign website, he wrote, "[O]ne of the proudest statistics I can point to from my time serving this state is that the number of abortion facilities in Missouri has gone from ten to just one."One of the most compelling story lines in the ongoing Greitens saga is the mater of low-income tax credits. Earlier this month, Greitens accused the industry of being run by "ripoff artists" and "tax credit millionaires," and his attorneys argued that players in the low-income housing tax credit industry angry about his opposition were behind the $120,000 payoff to Al Watkins, the attorney representing the ex-husband of the St. Louis hairdresser at the center of Greitens' downfall.Parson has publicly disagreed with Greitens on the matter. After Greitens stacked the membership of the the Missouri Housing Development Commission with the goal of eliminating the state's allocation to the low-income housing tax, Parson objected, saying that it would harm rural Missourians and reduce housing for the disabled and elderly. Among the ten members of MHDC, Parson was one of the two votes refusing to support cancellation of funding of the program. Parson grew up in a rural town of 356 people. He's a farmer and small-business owner. He talks with an authentic twang. And yet, according to the campaign ads he ran in 2016 , Parson appears to violate all known principles of state politics by failing to pronounce the state's name with the distinctive "Missourah" flourish. Suffice to say, this scandalous choice probably deserves a special House investigation. Is it impeachment worthy? The committee's wise judgment, surely, will be required.
Nigeria's acting High Commissioner in Uganda, Mr Alus W. Tyoden has received the newly elected executives of the National Association of Nigerian Students in Uganda (NANSU) at the High Commission in Uganda on Thursday the 13th of April 2017.
The meeting followed the successful completion of the NANSU convention 2017 where election was held on the 18th of April 2017, with a total number of 54 delegates cutting across eleven (11) universities in Uganda. Kampala International University (KIU) Kasanga had six (6) delegates, Kampala International University (KIU) Western Campus four (4) delegates, Kampala University (KU) six (6) delegates, and International Health Science University (IHSU) five (5) delegates, International University of East Africa (IUEA) six (6) delegates, Cavendish University Uganda (CUU) six (6) delegates, Uganda Christian University (UCU) five (5) delegates, Busoga University (BU) five (5) delegates, Islamic University in Uganda (IUIU) Kibuli three (3) delegates, St Lawrence University (SLU) three (3) delegates, and Stafford University Uganda (SUU) five (5) delegates.
The election which was conducted under the supervision of the senior counselor from the Nigeria High Commission, Mr O. S. Ojo was largely peaceful and the inauguration of the elected executives was held on the 1st of April 2017.
Earlier, the chairman electoral committee, Mal Abdulrashid Abdullahi thanked the high commission for their support to Nigerian students in Uganda.He further introduced the executives to the commission. They include President Mr Hussein Ewumi, Senate President Hamisu Rimaye, Vice President Academic Affairs Aisha Abdullahi, Vice President Special Duties Mohammed Abdullahi, Secretary General, Mohammed Abubakar, Assistant Secretary General Shuibu A. Jibrilla, Financial Secretary Abdulsalam M. Sani, Treasurer Abdullahi Hussaini Umar, Organising Secretary Agan Bawa Jireh, PRO I Mohammed Aliyu Sokoto, PRO II Muhammed Mustapha, Auditor General I Muhammed Abubakar Barde, Auditor General II Hussaini Sada Bello, Director of Social I Shamsuddeen Saleh, and Social Director II Wisdom Dominic.
The acting high commissioner then advised the new executives to look forward to the challenges of the association and forget about the politicking that occurred prior and during the election. He further told them that in every election not everyone will be satisfied because it cannot be 100% okay; he said minority will have their say but majority will have their way. And he urged the new executives to carry everybody along and ensure unity among Nigerian Students in Uganda, while cautioning against any exploitation of the differences along religion, region, and tribal lines.
Board members also hear about changes in the works for the facade of the Spectrum gym on Calle Real
The Goleta Design Review Board on Tuesday pushed forward proposals for properties occupied by Citrix Online.
The changes Citrix employees will see include additional lighting at the parking lot on the Citrix campus at 7402 Hollister Ave.
“We wanted to make it a safer area for employees to walk out, as the days get shorter and the sun goes down earlier,” said Riley Schultz, representing the property management firm from which Citrix leases its space.
Five lights are to be placed at the north end of the parking lot and two in the south parking lot.
The Design Review Board also gave its preliminary go-ahead to plans for a 1,680-square-foot gym and wellness center on campus. Members will see the project plans and details again in October for final approval.
The Spectrum gym at 6144 Calle Real in Goleta is poised to make some changes to its facade, as well, but the final details have yet to be ironed out. The new owners of the building purchased it a few months ago, and according to the project's representative, they have been planning to rehabilitate the building's “tired” look.
The DRB wanted to “remain generic” on the topic of color choice, which would change from its current white shade to a cool gray color. The wood paneling on the face of the building would, according to the project's proponents, become an alternating color panel in shades of blue. The second0story windows would be doubled in size, and the window sill lowered a couple feet.
“I'm really leery about the alternating color panel,” said DRB member Carl Schneider, who was also skeptical about the cool color palate. His colleagues agreed.
The board gave preliminary approval to the project, suggesting more detail and lighting information when the applicant comes back in October.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Sonia Fernandez can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
FILE PHOTO: A man walks through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain, August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/File Photo
LONDON Britain's top share index declined on Thursday as financials, energy stocks and firms trading ex-dividend weighed, though volumes were light ahead of a market holiday.
The blue-chip FTSE 100 .FTSE index was down 0.3 percent at 7,327.59 points at its close, in line with a broader decline on European markets.
"We're seeing a bit of risk-off ahead of the bank holiday weekend," said John Moore, a trader at Berkeley Capital.
The FTSE 100 also posted a slight loss for the week.
Financials were the biggest drag on the FTSE 100, taking off nearly 10 points. HSBC (HSBA.L), Standard Chartered (STAN.L) and Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS.L) all fell by 1.3 percent to 1.7 percent, with broadly well-received earnings releases from their U.S. peers failing to boost sentiment.
"The only thing I can attribute it to is a bit of pessimism coming back into the industry that all is not ok at the top of these banks, and there's still a bit of rot there," Jonathan Roy, advisory investment manager at Charles Hanover Investments, said, referring to the news earlier this week that British regulators are investigating Barclays' (BARC.L) CEO over a whistleblowing incident.
"Couple that with a market that is already high, and there are very few catalysts to take these stocks higher."
Energy stocks also dragged, taking off around 9.7 points. Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) fell 1.2 percent, and BP (BP.L) was down 0.3 percent as the price of oil edged lower.
Stocks trading without rights to their latest dividend payout dragged, including Standard Life (SL.L), which dropped 2.4 percent and was the biggest individual faller.
Primark-owner Associated British Foods (ABF.L) jumped 3.6 percent to its highest level since the beginning of January after Jefferies raised its rating on the stock to a "buy", citing continued strength in sugar and a turn in Primark margins.
"The 19 April interims should confirm strong results ... thanks to fx translation boost and a sugar rebound. We also expect a more assured message on the Primark margin outlook," analysts at Jefferies said in a note.
Precious metals miners were also in demand, with Fresnillo (FRES.L) and Randgold Resources (RRS.L) both gaining 1.5 percent.
The underlying price of gold hit a five-month peak as investors sought safe-haven assets amid rising geopolitical tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea. A weaker U.S. dollar also helped [GOL].
(Reporting by Kit Rees, editing by Gareth Jones)
March 31China Transinfo Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees Q1 FY 2017 net profit to increase by 5 percent to 15 percent, or to be 60.4 million yuan to 66.2 million yuan
* Says Q1 FY 2016 net profit was 57.5 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is increased projects
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/bxBRCK
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIJING China will further regulate local government debt issuance and financing, six government agencies said in a joint statement on Wednesday, reinforcing recent steps to bolster financial risk controls.
China has taken aim at potential cracks in its financial system, ramping up regulatory checks with various high-flying officials calling for action against an alarming level of leverage.
In the statement, the government agencies, including the National Development and Reform Commission, the finance ministry, the central bank and securities and banking regulators, said China would push for a clearer boundary between local governments and their financing vehicles.
Local governments are strictly prohibited from injecting public assets into local government financing vehicles (LGFVs), or using expected land revenue as debt repayments for LGFVs, the statement said.
It also said LGFVs could not accept guarantees from local governments when thy issue debt, and authorities would strictly prohibit illegal debt issuance by local governments through public-private partnership projects.
The agencies ordered an inspection of local governments' financing and guarantee situation to "fully correct irregularities" by the end of July, the statement, posted on the finance ministry's official website, said.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Kevin Yao; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Nick Macfie)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
March 31 Shah Capital Opportunity Fund:
* At $2.15 in cash per ordinary share - SEC filing
* Shah Capital Opportunity - interested only in proposed transaction, and do not intend to sell their shares in any other deal involving Utstarcom Holdings
* Shah Capital along with consortium intend to finance transactions to buyout Utstarcom Holdings through equity capital
* Shah Capital along with consortium say prepared to negotiate and finalize terms of proposed deal for Utstarcom Holdings in definitive transaction documents Source text: (bit.ly/2mV61lN) Further company coverage:
The investment comes on the heels of San Diego Venture Group's selection of CureMatch as a venture-ready company
Contact
Martin Culjat
***@curematch.com Martin Culjat
End
-- CureMatch, a digital health company that guides oncologists in the selection of advanced cancer therapies, today announced that Phil Trubey had joined a team of investors as part of a bridge round to Series A financing.Phil Trubey founded Websense, Inc. (now Forcepoint ), a global leader in protecting organizations from the cyber-attacks and data theft. Websense was acquired by Raytheon in 2015 for $1.8 billion.CureMatch is the only company to offer a report that guides oncologists in the selection of personalized combination therapies, using supercomputing and the latest discoveries in genomics and proteomics. CureMatch analyzes more than 4.5 million different drug combinations to find and rank the most advanced cancer treatments, customized specifically for the individual patient. The resulting report provides actionable knowledge and insight to the oncologist, facilitating the use of genomics in cancer treatment."I've been following CureMatch's remarkable progress over the past several months, and am very impressed by their team and their unique technology,"said Phil Trubey. "I believe that this company is going to have a tremendous impact on how cancer is treated.""Phil and I both started web companies in San Diego from scratch, and both went public," stated CureMatch CEO Blaise Barrelet, who founded the web analytics industry pioneer WebSideStory, which had a successful IPO in 2004. "We both believe that CureMatch has the potential to be bigger than WebSideStory and Websense."Phil Trubey joins other seed investors in CureMatch, including Mike Norman (San Diego Supercomputer Center), Susan Tharp (NCSA Mosaic), Analytics Ventures, Hera Fund, Blaise Barrelet (CureMatch), and many others.CureMatch was recently selected by the San Diego Venture Group as one of its 2017 Cool Companies. SDVG's list of Cool Companies are those determined to be "venture-ready"and among the "fastest-growing, most exciting startups in Southern California."In the past two months, CureMatch has been featured on the KUSI Evening News in its weekly segment "Health Living", as well as Xconomy , the San Diego Business Journal NBC 7 San Diego , and many other media outlets. Validation of the CureMatch technology and its core principles have been demonstrated through recent case studies and publications from CureMatch and its co-founders.CureMatch will be showcased at the SDVG Cool Companies Reception on June 15 and at Startup Week's Friday Night Startup Festival on June 23. CureMatch will also be present at RESI San Diego on June 19 and the BIO International Convention (http://convention.bio.org/)in San Diego on June 19-22. Later in the summer, CureMatch co-founder and UCSD oncologist Dr. Razelle Kurzrock will serve as a panelist at the Precision Medicine Leaders Summit (http://www.precisionmedicineleaderssummit.com/)in San Diego on August 21-24. The CureMatch team will also attend San Diego Venture Group's Venture Summit (https://www.sdvg.org/event/venture-summit-2017/)in San Diego on August 30, and BIOCOM's DeviceFest & Digital Health Summit (http://biocomdevicefest.org/)in Carlsbad, CA, also on August 30.CureMatch™, Inc., based in San Diego, is a digital health company focused on personalized medicine and combination therapy in oncology. Combination therapy has been used effectively in the treatment of other diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, and is considered by many to be the future of cancer treatment. CureMatch's report guides oncologists in the selection of combinations of cancer drugs that are personalized for individual patients, based on the molecular profile of the patient's own tumor. The CureMatch technology enables oncologists to select from millions of advanced cancer treatment options by providing actionable knowledge and insight to the oncologist. For more information, visit www.curematch.com
LONDON Considering all the drama that he has navigated so expertly this season, Leicester City's manager Craig Shakespeare can be expected to oversee the biggest game in the club's history at Atletico Madrid on Wednesday night with real aplomb.
The unheralded 53-year-old emerged from the shadow of his miracle-working predecessor Claudio Ranieri at the end of February to win his first six games in charge.
It was a remarkable achievement that was only ended when, with the Champions League quarter-final first leg in mind, Shakespeare played a weakened team and suffered a 4-2 reverse at Everton on Sunday.
Seldom has a team's turnaround been executed with such ruthless efficiency.
Almost with a snap of his fingers, Shakespeare transformed the imposters who were bumbling around under Ranieri back into the team that gave the game one of its great stories last season when they won the Premier League.
Although Shakespeare, who has been awarded a contract until the end of the season, has never criticised Ranieri, British media reported that the players were instrumental in the departure of the charismatic Italian, whose tinkering no longer seemed to inspire but only to confuse.
Anyone seeking an explanation for how Shakespeare has set about his task should remember the words of the late Bob Paisley, who also stepped up from unheralded number two to become Liverpool's most successful manager.
"Ranting and raving gets you nowhere in football," Paisley once said. "If you want to be heard, speak quietly."
Shakespeare has done just that -- and how his team have responded.
Leicester's new manager is more eloquent than Paisley, a notoriously poor speaker who struggled to finish his sentences, but he shares a technique rooted in the same sort of quiet authority and expert knowledge of players.
In his two spells at the club, as assistant first to Nigel Pearson in the former manager's two spells in charge and then under Ranieri, Shakespeare has been at the club for eight of the past nine years.
That means almost every player who has arrived did so with his blessing and sometimes on his recommendation. He knows what makes them tick and how best to deploy them.
Players who had become confused as to why the methods that last season delivered the title had been ditched have, unsurprisingly perhaps, embraced his appointment.
Last season's talisman Jamie Vardy and African Player of the Year Riyad Mahrez are back firing while Yohan Benalouane, seldom used by Ranieri, has slotted in so well that the absence of injured captain Wes Morgan may not be so keenly felt in Madrid.
Statistics bear out Leicester's transformation under Shakespeare. In the recent 2-0 win over Stoke City, the Foxes had 10 shots on target, their most in a Premier League game since 2003-04.
They are unlikely, however, to be so positive in the cauldron of the Calderon when counter-attack will be expected to bring dividends.
Having already seen off Sevilla, no-one will be overawed, least of all a manager with another transformative experience to draw on this season to stiffen his resolve.
For in all the furore about his role in Ranieri's sacking, it is easy to forget that Shakespeare also witnessed close up another great managerial soap opera this season -- Sam Allardyce's 67-day reign as England manager.
Allardyce, a shrewd judge of football talent, had been quick to appoint Shakespeare part-time coach before triggering his own downfall in a newspaper sting.
Wiser and warier of what can lurk around football's corners, Shakespeare retreated to Leicester where he, and his close-knit team, have proved the season's great survivors.
(Reporting by Neil Robinson; Editing by Ian Chadband)
The Hawai‘i State Senate voted 23-1 on Monday to approve a bill that proposes a constitutional amendment to support public schools.
Under Senate Bill 922 voters would be given the opportunity to decide if the state should establish a surcharge on investment property to support public education.
Currently, the state Constitution authorizes the Counties the capacity to levy property taxes. If the Constitutional amendment is ultimately approved by voters, Hawai‘i would join 49 other states in using property taxes to finance public education.
Constitutional amendments are not required to be approved by the Governor, therefore the question that now proceeds to the ballot in November will be as follows: “Shall the legislature be authorized to establish, as provided by law, a surcharge on investment real property to be used to support public education?”
Senator Michelle Kidani (Dist. 18 – Mililani Town, portion of Waipi‘o Gentry, Waikele, Village Park, Royal Kunia), Chair of the Senate Committee on Education who introduced the bill on behalf of the Hawai‘i State Teachers Association, explained that the language within the measure had been simplified through amendments to move the state forward in order to provide full funding for Hawai‘i's public schools.
“The public should be assured that the Senate has no intention of taxing the homes you live in, that is homes for which resident owners receive a homeowner's exemption. Nor does the Senate intend to approve any surcharge on investment properties valued less than $1 million,” said Sen. Kidani. “Further, no consideration has ever been given to a surcharge on commercial properties. The intent is and always has been to focus on residential properties.”
Should voters pass the Constitutional amendment, the Legislature will have to revisit the issue to determine the parameters of the tax surcharge.
(Adds U.S. lumber trade fight, coal statistics, coal producer impact)
By Nicole Mordant
VANCOUVER May 2 British Columbia Premier Christy Clark, campaigning one week before an election, said on Tuesday her ruling Liberal party will apply a levy on thermal coal exports from the Canadian province if it is re-elected and the federal government does not ban exports.
Clark, whose Liberal party is neck-and-neck with the opposition New Democratic Party in polls ahead of a May 9 election, last week called on Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to ban thermal coal exports through British Columbia.
The move is in retaliation against the United States for slapping duties on Canadian softwood lumber. A handful of U.S. miners ship coal through B.C. ports. Meanwhile, British Columbia is Canada's largest producer of softwood lumber, and last year exported C$4.6 billion ($3.35 billion) worth to the United States.
If the Canadian government does not ban exports, a re-elected B.C. Liberal government would develop regulations to levy a carbon price on all thermal coal shipped through B.C. ports, Clark said in a statement.
The levy will reflect the greenhouse gas emissions caused by the coal's extraction, processing, transportation and combustion, she said in a statement.
A coal levy, which would be the world's first greenhouse gas benchmark for thermal coal according to the Liberals, would make it uncompetitive to ship thermal coal through B.C. ports, Clark said.
Between 70-90 percent of coal produced in B.C. is metallurgical, or steel-making coal, not thermal coal, which is burned for heat to produce electricity.
U.S.-based Cloud Peak Energy would be the biggest U.S. coal producer affected by a B.C. export ban or levy, Jefferies analyst Christopher LaFemina said in an April 28 note to clients.
Cloud Peak's shares were 12.5 cents firmer at $3.65 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday afternoon. Its stock had dropped nearly 21 percent to as low as $3.10 after Clark proposed a coal ban last week.
U.S. coal is railed to B.C. ports by Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp, a railroad owned by Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
B.C. environmental groups have called on the government for years to ban thermal coal exports, saying it is a dirty source of energy.
Some 38 percent of decided voters back the B.C. Liberals compared to 37 percent for the NDP, according to the latest Justason Market Intelligence poll.
($1 = 1.3720 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Nicole Mordant in Vancouver; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Chris Reese)
MILAN, April 13 Telecom Italia has signed an agreement with Italy's biggest regional utility A2A to help it roll out its ultrafast broadband network, two sources said on Thursday, as it squares up to rival Enel .
Telecom Italia will rent Milan-based A2A's existing pipe infrastructure to help cut the costs of laying fibre, the sources said.
"Telecom Italia is keen to develop the business model and extend it to other local utilities," one of the sources said, adding the company had also held talks with Rome-based utility Acea and Bologna's Hera.
The utilities declined to comment.
The move comes as power utility Enel steps up plans to develop its own nationwide fibre network using the pipes and pylons of its distribution grid.
Last year Enel set up OpEn Fiber which includes state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti as a shareholder.
The Italian government sees the development of an ultrafast internet network as a top priority to modernise the country's phone infrastructure and to support business.
It enlisted the help of state-controlled Enel to speed up the roll-out after accusing Telecom Italia of dragging its feet.
Telecom Italia, whose biggest shareholder is French media group Vivendi, has pledged to spend 5 billion euros ($5.3 billion) over the next three years to speed up its broadband plans.
It recently said it was looking for a partner to help it fund development of the network in economically non-viable areas of the country.
($1 = 0.9398 euros) (Reporting by Stephen Jewkes; editing by Jason Neely)
The last time radio personality and businesswoman Zukiswa “Zookey Zarling” Vutela made headlines, it was in connection with the drama that involved her and actor Kay Sibiya over the child the two allegedly share. After those reports and a Hell all in DRUM , Zookey has been laying low and keeping a low profile, but now she is back and she reveals that she has been doing just fine.
DRUM hangout with Zookey today in Durban at the launch of a Bikers and 4pipes event that she is hosting. “I have put all the unnecessary drama behind me and enjoying my life,” Zookey says.
She says she and her kids are doing well and her business has been booming. The event is close to her heart as it will be a mass ride against women abuse; “There have been many cases of women abuse lately and this is our way of taking a stand. The event will also showcase some cool elements of glam, fun and show safety tips to women.”
The event takes place the day before the Vodacom Durban July, Kwesta, Riky Rick, King Sfiso and other acts.
“It's going to be great,” Zookey says.
Here's a look inside the launch of the event earlier today;
ESPN accuser challenges Jemele Hill over Chris Berman voicemail A voicemail that Adrienne Lawrence says she's never heard and Jemele Hill says does not exist is suddenly at the center of a lawsuit. Lawrence, the former ESPN anchor who filed...
One of ESPN's alleged 'predators' fights back over lawsuit Jonathan Coachman's new job is being threatened by allegations at his old one, and he has gone on the offensive. The former ESPN anchor, who recently returned to WWE, was...
Chris Berman left 'racially disparaging' voicemail to Jemele Hill: suit Within the bombshell, wide-reaching lawsuit that former anchor Adrienne Lawrence filed Sunday against ESPN is an allegation of misconduct against Worldwide Leader icon Chris Berman. In early 2016, the longtime face...
Ex-ESPN host files explosive sexual harassment lawsuit Adrienne Lawrence dropped the hammer on ESPN on Sunday, filing a sexual harassment and discrimination lawsuit against the Worldwide Leader for incidents dating back to 2015. The former ESPN anchor...
It's getting ugly between ESPN and accuser after 'self-serving' texts released ESPN has released text exchanges between former employee Adrienne Lawrence and “SportsCenter” anchor John Buccigross, who is at the center of the Boston Globe's expository piece detailing the alleged mistreatment...
- Above is a Total diva deleted scene from this week's season 7 finale with Natalya finding her parents, mom Ellie Hart and dad Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart, hanging out with Lana by the pool. Natalya and Lana had issues over Lana training with Tyson Kidd.
- The dark match before tonight's WWE NXT TV tapings at Center Stage in Atlanta saw Kassius Ohno defeat John Skyler. The match was described as a quick squash with Ohno winning with the KO.
- SmackDown Women's Champion Charlotte Flair tweeted this photo of she and Paul Heyman having a talk at Sunday's WWE Royal Rumble pay-per-view. Heyman re-tweeted the photo, which has had Flair's fans calling her The Paul Heyman Girl.
FILE PHOTO - A banner for communications software provider Twilio Inc., hangs on the facade of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) to celebrate the company's IPO in New York City, U.S., June 23, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Twilio Inc forecast lower-than-expected revenue for the full year, and said contribution from key customer Uber Technologies Inc would drop as it cuts back on using the cloud-based communication software maker's services.
Twilio's shares plunged more than 30 percent to $23.65 in after-market trading on Tuesday.
Uber will reduce usage of the company's communications services over the next year, Twilio's Chief Executive Officer Jeff Lawson said on an earnings call.
Uber, which used to utilize Twilio's services in the majority of its operating territories, is changing it on the basis of use case and geography, Lawson said.
The ride-hailing service provider accounted for more than 10 percent of Twilio's revenue in 2016, according to a regulatory filing.
Twilio forecast full-year revenue of $356 million to $362 million, below analysts' average estimate of $370.1 million.
San Francisco-based Twilio's customers also include WhatsApp, which accounted for about 9 percent of the company's revenue in 2016.
The company also forecast adjusted full-year loss of 27 cents-30 cents, much larger than the analysts' average estimate of a loss of 16 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Revenue jumped 47.2 percent to $87.4 million in the first quarter, edging past analysts' estimate of $83.6 million.
Net loss attributable to stockholders widened to $14.2 million from $6.5 million.
On a per-share basis, that translated to a loss of 16 cents, compared with a loss of 37 cents a year-earlier, due to a higher share count.
Excluding items, the company reported a loss of 4 cents per share. Analysts on average had estimated a loss of 6 cents per share.
Through Tuesday's close, the stock had gained about 18 percent this year.
(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
FILE PHOTO: Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) meets with Director of Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) Mikhail Fradkov and Speaker of Russia's lower house of parliament, or State Duma, Sergei Naryshkin (not pictured) at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, September 22, 2016.... REUTERS
MOSCOW Russia dismissed as false on Thursday a Reuters report that said a government think tank controlled by President Vladimir Putin had developed a plan to swing the 2016 U.S. presidential election in Donald Trump's favour.
Reuters reported on Wednesday that the Moscow-based Russian Institute for Strategic Studies (RISS) had provided the framework and rationale for what U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded was an intensive effort by Russia to interfere with the Nov. 8 election.
The Reuters report cited three current and four former U.S. officials who had acquired two documents prepared by the institute.
Russia has repeatedly denied interfering in the U.S. election. The Kremlin and RISS did not respond to requests for comment on the documents before Wednesday, but on Thursday the think tank issued a statement saying the report was false.
"It seems, that in their conspiratorial consciousness the authors of this conceit did not weigh reality against their coveted fantasies, in order to once again draw attention to the theme ... of Russia's 'participation' in the pre-election campaign in the United States," said RISS Director Mikhail Fradkov.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said people should not pay attention to reports based on anonymous sources.
"I don't know anything about this, I can only say that seven anonymous sources are not worth one real one."
The documents obtained by the U.S. intelligence officials were central to the conclusion by the administration of Barack Obama that Russia mounted a "fake news" campaign and launched cyberattacks against Democratic Party groups and Hillary Clinton's campaign, the current and former officials said.
That campaign began after Putin asked the institute to draw up a plan for interfering with the U.S. presidential race, said one of the sources, a former senior U.S. intelligence official.
U.S. President Donald Trump has said Russia's activities had no impact on the outcome of the race. Ongoing congressional and FBI investigations into Russian interference have so far produced no public evidence that Trump associates colluded with the Russian effort to change the outcome of the election.
(Reporting by Jack Stubbs and Denis Pinchuk, editing by Larry King)
FILE PHOTO: A man walks by a bank machine at the Wells Fargo & Co. bank in downtown Denver, Colorado, U.S. April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Rick Wilking/File Photo
Wells Fargo & Co posted flat quarterly earnings on Thursday and warned its costs would remain elevated as the fallout from a sales practices scandal continues to impact the third-largest U.S. bank.
Higher personnel costs and legal fees as well as lower mortgage banking revenues kept Wells Fargo's first-quarter net income broadly flat at $5.5 billion and the San Francisco-based bank said expenses as a share of revenues would remain high.
Wells Fargo is trying to put a scandal over the opening of unauthorized accounts behind it and earlier this week said it would claw back an additional $75 million of compensation from the two former executives it blamed most for the debacle.
Known for consistently growing revenues and earnings in the post-crisis era, Wells Fargo has been thrown off course by the sales controversy and in recent quarters has also been disadvantaged by its smaller trading footprint.
Wall Street rivals have bounced back as bond and currency markets roared back to life last year with JPMorgan and Citi each reporting a 17 percent increase in quarterly profit on Thursday, beating analyst expectations and boosting their shares.
Wells Fargo's revenues fell about 1 percent to $22 billion and missed the average estimate of $22.32 billion. On a per-share basis, profit rose to $1.00 from 99 cents a year earlier, beating the average analyst estimate of 97 cents.
Chief Executive Tim Sloan told analysts he expected new account and credit card openings to recover in the third quarter after a steady decline since the sales scandal broke in September but the bank said costs associated with the controversy, which were $80 million in the first quarter, would remain around $70 million to $80 million for an unspecified period.
"I think it will be at least a few more quarters," Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry said in an interview with Reuters.
The bank's efficiency ratio, a closely watched number reflecting non-interest expenses as a percentage of revenue, was 62.7 percent, compared with 58.7 percent a year ago and Sloan said it would be a challenge to get back to a preferred 55 to 59 percent level.
"I want to make it very clear that operating at this level is not acceptable," he said.
Sloan added that the bank will unveil at its investor day in May additional cost savings initiatives beyond the annual $2 billion in savings they are targeting starting in 2018. The bank also plans to reduce headcount in businesses such as mortgage if, as expected, business gets slower.
Sloan faces a rocky shareholder meeting on April 25 after influential proxy adviser Institutional Shareholder Services called on investors to vote against 12 out of 15 directors, including Chairman Stephen Sanger.
The bank's stock was down 2.5 percent at mid-afternoon on Thursday, the worst performer in the S&P 500 Financials Index.
After the close on Wednesday, Berkshire Hathaway Inc, Wells Fargo's largest shareholder, said it withdrew an application to the Federal Reserve to boost its ownership stake above 10 percent, and is instead selling 9 million shares to keep it below that threshold.
MORTGAGES AND COSTS
The Federal Reserve's decision to hike interest rates in March for the second time in three months has been welcomed by banks which earn more from lending out their deposits when rates rise.
Higher rates helped Wells Fargo earn more from lending with a 5 percent rise to $12.3 billion in its net interest income.
But higher rates can also put off borrowers, and Wells had a decline in total loans to $958 billion from nearly $968 billion in the prior quarter with a near $8 billion drop in consumer loans in that period.
Wells Fargo's mortgage business, the largest in the United States by volume, saw a 23 percent drop in fee income to $1.23 billion as customers shied away from refinancing their home loans.
Mortgage borrowing was likewise a dark spot in JPMorgan's results, with mortgage fees and loan servicing revenue tumbling 39 percent to $406 million from $667 million.
Wells' consumer business is also feeling the impact from its unauthorized accounts scandal with a steady decline in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts.
Overall net profit at its retail bank, its biggest profit center, fell 9 percent due to a drop in fee income. Wells' wholesale banking division, which provides loans and other services to corporate clients, reported a 10 percent increase in net profit from a year ago.
Costs at Wells Fargo rose 6 percent compared to the year-ago period as the bank shelled out more for salaries as well as the legal costs related to the scandal.
(Editing by Carmel Crimmins and Meredith Mazzilli)
COLLEGE STATION, Texas Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan said on Monday that he would support trimming the Fed's holdings in both mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Treasuries when it comes time to shrink the Fed's balance sheet.
"You might tailor the run off strategy to each type of security," Kaplan told reporters after an event at Texas A&M University.
(Reporting by Brad S. Morse; writing by Ann Saphir; editing by Diane Craft)
When you go down to Florida and want to ride at a Baggett or Reed or Ferry track, what do you do? Just call those guys up and show up there? I'd assume there are some privacy issues.
My trainer Clint lives in Florida and he knows a lot of those guys and has worked with some of them, so he has a lot of their numbers. If we don't have a number, we can find somebody that does. We'll just hit them up and say, “Hey, if you ride tomorrow, is it okay if we come out and ride?” Most of the time they're like, “Yeah, no problem.” Like Reed wanted me to come ride with him. He told me a couple of months ago, “Yeah, anytime you want to come out and ride, you're always welcome.” Yeah, most of the time I just hit them up and most of the time they're okay with it.
So did you end up riding with Chad while you were in Florida?
Yeah, I rode with Chad. And Tim Ferry had some guys like [Trey] Canard and [Martin] Davalos and some of those guys riding. I got to ride with some good guys down there. It was a solid trip and we got some good riding in. I also rode at Blake Baggett's track and it was pretty cool.
Have some of the veteran guys you know helped you with not only riding, but maybe even with some mental and psychological advice as you head into your rookie supercross season?
Yeah, me and Jimmy [Albertson] and Trey, we all talk about pretty much everything when we're in Oklahoma. I mean Trey helps me out as much as he can with on the bike stuff and he'll tell me about how race conditions will get and how ruts will form. From that, we can form the ruts on his track sort of like how the race ruts will form [at the races] and we'll practice on that.
I remember talking to you at the final supercross last May, and when we talked about your pro motocross debut coming at Hangtown, you seemed to realize you were headed to the great unknown. But that season went well. You're about to head into the unknown again with the '17 supercross season, but I'd have to imagine you have to be pretty confident. Any thoughts?
I'm confident, especially coming off of the outdoors like I did. I came out of that pretty strong with a win and a number of solid podium finishes. Yeah, I'm pretty confident and I expect to battle for race wins and the championship this year. Outdoors and supercross.
Back in the fall of 2015, you talked about the entire program you would follow leading up and into 2017. Two thousand and seventeen is now here and you and Pro Circuit have been able to totally adhere to that plan, haven't you?
Yeah, it's kind of been like a long training camp. I mean it's only a week until A1. It's going to happen quickly and once it gets going, we'll go for six weeks and then we'll get a break. I feel I'm doing West Coast, which it's looking like I will be. If so, that'll be the case. If I'm doing East Coast, then I have some more time to get ready. Once East Coast starts it's pretty much all-in until you're finished with outdoors. West Coast kind of has a little bit of a break while the East Coast starts up, so that's a little bit better, I think. Honestly, though, I'd prefer to ride the West.
Yeah, it totally sounds like you're ready to get it going. No time like the present, huh?
I've been training for over two months, so I'm just ready to get it going. It's like, “Let's go.” I'm ready and I'm as ready as I'm going to be and you don't really know how ready you are until you go racing. I just want to go racing. If I'm not exactly where I need to be, then I'll know what I need to work on. I think I'm ready to go.
As far as riding and training, you've been on the supercross test tracks a lot, haven't you? And, the tracks you've been bashing laps out on will likely be very close to what you'll be racing on here soon.
Yeah, I've been riding a lot of different tracks which I think is a good thing. I've been on different types of dirt so I think that I have a pretty good idea of the different dirt that will be at the different tracks. I think that riding different tracks with different dirt that form different lines is a good thing.
And as far as race bike, you and your mechanic Olly Stone have been working hard on it. Is it exactly where you guys want it?
Yeah, it's good. I don't even know if we're going to do much more testing before Anaheim. I'm pretty comfortable with the bike right now. I mean obviously some things can change at the races, like we might have to go stiffer with suspension and make adjustment at the races, but for now it feels pretty good. I think the new bike is good. I'm pretty happy with it.
The Vara Family has set their sights on gracing store aisles with their tasty food product, Comida Caliente Salsa, while leaning on Stefani to help navigate the realm of social influence.
Stefani Vara & Comida Caliente Salsa
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Motivation
* Latina
* Entrepreneur Industry:
* Food Location:
* Houston - Texas - US Subject:
* Projects
Media Contact
Alicia Brownell
Brand Strategist at SEIZE worthy
***@abseize.com Alicia BrownellBrand Strategist at SEIZE worthy
End
-- Continuing tradition & furthering legacy, the Vara family is launching their salsa to new levels this year. Motivational Influencer & Entrepreneur Stefani Vara, her three siblings and their parents are gearing up to have their salsa available for purchase in stores. The availability at brick & mortar locations will be a welcomed addition to their online sales. "We're in talks with a few buyers. We want to make sure we find the right home for our product since it is such a family effort," shared Dene Vara, the mom of the Vara family and star of their web series and live videos. You'll also be seeing a lot more of Comida Caliente Salsa online as part of a big digital push. These moves are the result of a combination of the brand's progression and response from customers & fans.This salsa, and the family behind it, are not new to the spotlight. The Varas owned a restaurant in Baytown, TX during the late 80's, where their salsa was a major hit. They decided to bring the salsa to market as a stand alone product in 2016, after years of requests. Stefani explains, "The timing was just right." Stefani is a well rounded entrepreneur who certainly knows about the importance of timing. She's a professional footwear model turned motivational speaker, who's Follow My Feet movement encourages people to follow their dreams. Stefani is also a busy recording artist and digital influencer. She's taken lead in guiding the family's Casa De Vara brand in the online space. They've filmed a web series and do live video streaming of recipe demos. Everyone does their part. Sisters Danielle and Dianna, who Stefani jokingly admits are better cooks, assist Dene with recipe development and prep. Steven, the only brother amongst the siblings, drops in to dance and offer his services as taste-tester. Danny, the Vara siblings' dad, stays mostly out of the spotlight but keeps his eye on business operations. And Stefani, who has developed quite a social media following for her own personal brand, steers the Comida Caliente online presence. Whatever they are doing seems to be working. Engagement from their live streaming is fsbdt up, and the family is currently creating new, exciting content.Stefani and the salsa have caught the attention of people near and far. She was recently interviewed by Voyage Houston; and will be featuring the Comida Caliente salsa at a pop up shop in New York hosted by People En Espanol. The upcoming content to engage with loyal supporters, and plans to soon be in stores to gain new ones, should help to establish Comida Caliente Salsa as a family food brand to watch.Named after original web reality cooking seriesproduced by TWELVE18 Media and Executive Produced by Stefani Vara & Maureen Aladin,is an independent specialty food prepared with the freshest ingredients in Houston, TX and is FDA approved.For more information on Comida Caliente Salsa please visit Casa De Vara: http://www.casadevara.com As an entrepreneur, creator, entertainer and motivational speaker, Stefani encourages people to CREATE THEIR OWN DESTINY. Through her motivational movement,, she offers tips, encouragement, and support to the youth, women and people of color who may be hesitant to reach for their true potential.For more information on Stefani Vara please visit: http://www.StefaniVara.com
April 9 Ascentech KK:
* Says its stock will begin trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE) Mothers on April 25, 2017, under the symbol "3565"
* In its initial public offering, the company will offer a total of 410,000 common shares, comprised of newly issued 120,000 shares and privately held 290,000 shares
* Says the nominal offering price as of filing date of Registration Statement is 1,720 yen per share with total offering amount will be 705.2 million yen, and the fixed offering price will be announced at later date
* SBI Securities Co Ltd will be the underwriters for this offer
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/rK4hK6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Black Stars Captain Asamoah Gyan is reported to be among 46 players deemed to have "unethical hair" under the United Arab Emirates Football Association (UAEFA) guidelines.
The BBC reports that 31-year-old Gyan, on loan at Dubai-based Arabian Gulf League side Al Ahli from Shanghai SIPG, is one of 46 players whose clubs have been served warning letters to get their hairs in order.
In 2012, Saudi Arabia goalkeeper Waleed Abdullah was told to cut his "un-Islamic" hair by the referee before playing for his club side Al Shabab.
The Saudi rule bans mohawk-style cuts.
Some Islamic teachings ban 'Qaza' hairstyles, which include mohawks, because only part of the head is shaved, leaving other parts unshaven.
Individual match referees judge whether players' haircuts are appropriate, with some in the United Arab Emirates concerned about children copying the styles.
The UAEFA send a player's club a warning letter in the first instance, with punishments escalating to a fine and then a suspension if he does not comply.
According to Middle Eastern football website Ahdaaf, Al Wahda's Suhail Al-Mansoori was told to cut his hair while the UAE international and 2016 Asian footballer of the year Omar Abdulrahman, who sports a similar style and also plays in the Arabian Gulf League, was let off.
LISBON, March 28 Portugal's government expects to conclude the sale of state-rescued lender Novo Banco to U.S. private equity firm Lone star later this week, Prime Minister Antonio Costa said on Tuesday.
"Yes, that is the prospect that we have," he told reporters when asked whether the sale was likely to happen this week.
The final stages of negotiating the sale involve not only Portuguese, but also European authorities. U.S. fund Lone Star has offered to inject up to 1 billion euros into the bank in return for a 75 percent stake, according to Reuters sources.
The European Commission said on Monday it wanted counterbalancing measures if the state was to keep a 25 percent stake rather then sell Novo Banco in its entirety as agreed with Brussels. (Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Andrei Khalip, editing by Axel Bugge)
KOLKATA (miningweekly.com) – With the auction of coal blocks for commercial mining scheduled for next month, the Indian government has revived a proposal to sett up a coal sector regulator.
The Coal Ministry has already announced rules for the auction and is in the final stages of drawing up a list of coal blocks that will be offered to private miners to produce without any end-use restrictions and ushering in an end to the nationalization of coal mining since 1974.
Advertisement
With the advent of private miners in the country, the Coal Ministry has revived the years-old plan of setting up an independent coal sector regulator to arbitrate between private coal producers, government coal mining companies and consumers, in line with the model followed in the telecommunications sector, which is regulated by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India and sees airwaves auctioned by government.
Government officials said that while the contours of a coal sector regulator already existed when such a body was first mooted years ago, the critical issue that was yet to be decided was whether the sector regulator would be empowered on pricing of the dry fuel.
Advertisement
The officials said that while coal mining had been opened up for private mining, offering investors free pricing for production and no end-use restrictions, the government would have to take a call on whether, as in the case of the telecommunications regulator, successful bidders at the auction would be permitted to set a price and submit it to the regulator for approval with the latter also the final arbitrator in the case of complaints of predatory pricing.
The government as things stands, favoured vesting the regulator with some price monitoring authority to avoid issues between various miners, government mining companies or user industries moving directly to the courts in absence of an intermediary settlement authority, the officials added.
A regulatory authority is also considered critical for private miners to adopt a pricing mechanism based on energy content of coal, against a grade-wise pricing regime currently in vogue with government coal companies.
Disputes over grades, and boulders and stones in coal consignments have been vexed issues between power companies, and coal miners and with more players coming into the industry, the government reckons the issue of quality has to be put under the mandate of an independent regulator.
Significantly, readying for opening up of coal mining by private miners, Coal India Limited is currently seeking stakeholders' views on moving to gross calorific value-based pricing moving away from a grade-wise pricing formula.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Unipol ready to support Veneto banks' rescue if everyone else does
MILAN, June 15 Italy's Unipol is ready to contribute to a state bailout of ailing regional banks Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca if other financial institutions do the same, the head of the insurance group said on Thursday.
* Taiwan cbank urges companies to be vigilant about FX hedging
* Says stronger Taiwan dollar is due to foreign fund inflows
* Says currency level is determined by demand vs supply (Adds background)
By Faith Hung
TAIPEI, May 3 Taiwan's central bank deputy governor said on Wednesday volatility in the local currency against the U.S. dollar is "unavoidable" but that it would not intervene in response to continuing foreign fund inflows.
The central bank has been under pressure as the surging currency could cloud prospects for Taiwan's export-driven economy.
Despite this concern, the central bank has refrained from weakening the currency through market intervention, as a precaution against the possibility of being labeled a currency manipulator by the administration of U.S. President Donald Trump.
Taiwan appeared again alongside China, Japan, South Korea, Switzerland and Germany on the latest watchlist published last month of countries that the United States would monitor as potential currency manipulators.
The semi-annual U.S. Treasury currency report has singled out those trading partners for closer scrutiny in an effort to curb what the U.S. calls "unfair currency practices."
The Taiwan dollar has strengthened about 8 percent against the U.S. dollar so far this year, making it the best-performing currency in Asia.
Earlier on Wednesday, it was traded at T$29.940, an intraday level not seen in two and half a year.
"Currency volatility is unavoidable," deputy governor Yang Chin-long said in response to questions from lawmakers at a legislative hearing, adding that the surge can be attributed to foreign fund inflows.
"Companies must be vigilant about currency hedging," he said, adding that the central bank would not intervene if foreign fund inflows continues.
"When the Taiwan dollar trades at T$29 - T$30 (to the U.S. dollar), the market perceives the U.S. dollar as too cheap," he said.
"The currency exchange rate is a matter of supply versus demand." (Additional reporting by Loh Liang-sa; Editing by Sam Holmes)
A health board has come under fire from one its own members for denying pain medication to a 33kg woman with a life-threatening kidney disease.
The Herald yesterday exposed the plight of bedridden 50-year-old Westport woman Linda Fenn, after she begged the West Coast District Health Board for help, fearing she would die.
Today, board officials continued to avoid questions about the case.
Staff refused to provide contact details for chairwoman Jenny Black and other board members, despite their positions as public officers.
When the Herald called Black directly, she said she did not know the case personally and did not want to comment because it was an operational issue.
Advertisement
She said to call her was "intrusive" and "inappropriate".
Linda Fenn, bedridden with pain as she suffers from a debilitating kidney disease, MSK or Medullary sponge kidney. Photo / Brett Phibbs Linda Fenn, bedridden with pain as she suffers from a debilitating kidney disease, MSK or Medullary sponge kidney. Photo / Brett Phibbs
Later, Black emailed saying she would not comment because the case was the subject of a Health and Disability Commission (HDC) investigation.
Her reaction echoed that of board general manager Philip Wheble, who refused to answer despite receiving a privacy waiver from Fenn.
Wheble first declined on the basis it preferred to talk to patients directly, and a second time said the case was the subject of the HDC probe.
Following Black's refusal, the Herald attempted to contact other board members for comment about Fenn's situation.
Board member Peter Neame today said he was made aware of the situation at the weekend but otherwise had no knowledge of the case.
"But I've said I'm going to look into it, to ask what's going on," he said. "That's not the way for any health board to treat a patient."
Michelle Lomax, also on the board, said she couldn't comment as she had a conflict of interest - she had been working on the case in her job at the local MP's office as well.
"But it's a horrible situation it really is. I've been with her when she's been deeply distressed and it's just awful. I would love to see the situation resolved," she said.
It was a matter for clinicians to sort out, Lomax said.
Linda Fenn has been battling for access to pain medication for more than ten years. Photo / Brett Phibbs Linda Fenn has been battling for access to pain medication for more than ten years. Photo / Brett Phibbs
Fenn, who suffers from incurable medullary sponge kidney and nephrocalcinosis, has been locked in a bitter battle with the board over access to pain medication for more than 10 years.
She says the only drug that helps her with the pain of passing regular kidney stones is the opioid pethidine.
Doctors, worried it will cause her harm, have refused to prescribe it for her and removed it from her local health centre at Buller. Instead she manages with anti-anxiety drugs and paracetamol.
Fenn says part of the issue is the health workers previously accused her of being a drug seeker, which a pain specialist has said is not true. She's also struggled with frequent turnover of staff in Westport, which is difficult with her complex condition.
"It takes a year of battling and battling and battling for them to get to know you and understand it," Fenn said. "And just as they start releasing and you prove that you're not drug seeking ...they leave and you've got to start all over again."
Staff at Buller Hospital have previously been subject to criticism from the Health and Disability Commission for their attitude towards Linda Fenn. Photo / Brett Phibbs Staff at Buller Hospital have previously been subject to criticism from the Health and Disability Commission for their attitude towards Linda Fenn. Photo / Brett Phibbs
A spokeswoman for Health Minister Jonathan Coleman said his office was aware of the case, but had not been contacted by Fenn herself. The minister was unable to comment on individual cases, the spokeswoman said.
A spokesman for the Privacy Commission said the hospital was allowed to disclose information only to the patient, if it chose to do so.
Green Party health spokesperson Julie Anne Genter said it seemed officials were failing in their primary responsibility - to offer care and ease suffering.
"We expect that if something goes repeatedly wrong for a patient that there is some accountability, not to mention compassion," she said.
"All these people get paid to be responsible for ensuring patient rights are being respected, yet no one is now willing to be accountable."
What are medullary sponge kidney (MSK) and nephrocalcinosis?
• MSK is a birth defect where the kidney develops cysts, keeping urine from flowing freely through the tubes
• Nephrocalcinosis is a disorder in which there is too much calcium deposited in the kidneys
• A complication of this is frequent kidney stones
• Scientists have not discovered a way to reverse or prevent medullary sponge kidney
• Treatment focuses on pain management and prevention of infections.
May 3 CME Group Inc:
* CME lowers maintenance margins for RBOB gasoline futures (RB) by 8.2 percent to $3,900 per contract from $4,250 for June 2017
* CME says the rates will be effective after the close of business on May 4
* CME says all initial margin rates are 110 percent of these levels (Reporting by Karen Rodrigues in Bengaluru)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Karuturi Global Ltd:
* SAYS APPROVED RAISING OF FUNDS VIA ISSUE OF 400 MILLION SHARES THROUGH QIP
* TO RESCIND RESOLUTION FOR SHARE CONSOLIDATION Source text: bit.ly/2GCXNFn Further company coverage:
March 30 Royal London Mutual Insurance Society Ltd
* New life and pensions business (pvnbp basis) 1 up by 28% to £8,686m
* Funds under management 2 up by 18% to £100bn
* European embedded value (eev) operating profit before tax up by 16%
* Profitshare (after tax) up by 63% to £114m
* Group pensions up by 38% to £3,872m Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Lawrence White)
Contact
Kevin Wortham
609-731-9311
kevin@minding- our-business.com Kevin Wortham609-731-9311
End
-- Trenton, NJ – June 14, 2017 – As an end-of-year project, Rivera Community Middle School students will participate in a competition to present their business ideas to the school's principal, Bernadette Trapp. Groups of 2 or 3 from each of the twelve 6and 7grade classess will choose a business concept that they can work on and present to their classmates. Each class will select the best project from their class to be presented to the principal, which will take place at Rivera on Friday, June 16beginning at 9:00 a.m.Minding Our Business (MOB), a nonprofit that offers a Summer Program and After School Service Learning Program to teach middle school students about entrepreneurship, is providing "start up" funding to get the Rivera project underway. "I am very pleased to have the opportunity to support the Rivera Middle School project", says Kevin Wortham, MOB Executive Director. "This type of program not only keeps students excited, motivated and engaged through the end of the school year, it also strengthens their communication, math and business skills while building their self-confidence", states Wortham.Trapp will select one group as winner of the competition, and they will continue to grow their business during the next school year. Students will determine the cost of making their product, the selling price and the profit to be made. Any profits made by the entrepreneurial group will go toward the cost of their school trips next year."I am very excited that the teachers have chosen this to close out the school year in our building", said Melanie Taylor, Math Leader at Rivera Community Middle School. "The students are all excited about the possibility of running a business next year, and I am looking forward to the presentations and to see what the students propose. I am also very thankful for the partnership we share with MOB and the gift of support they are giving to our winning Team!", adds Taylor.MOB operates a 12-week after-school Service Learning program that teaches students about starting and running a business—developing business ideas, crafting a business plan, identifying start-up funding and launching their product. Similarly, they also offer a five-week Summer Program at Rider University that serves at-risk youth throughout Mercer County. Both programs are conducted with the assistance of Rider student mentors, who help guide middle school students through each stage of their business venture. At the completion of each program, a Market Fair Day is held when students can showcase their business and product. "Market Fair Day truly puts the students' business acumen to the test, and it's exciting and inspiring to see these motivated young people succeed and exhibit pride in their accomplishments,"says Wortham.MOB has been serving the Trenton community since 1997, encouraging low-income youth to pursue their entrepreneurial dreams by supporting, mentoring and educating student participants from business start-up to launching their product.If you are interested in obtaining more information about MOB's Programs or would like to make a donation to support their efforts, please visit the Minding Our Business website at www.minding- our-business.com or contact Kevin Wortham at kevin@minding- our-business.com If you would like more information about the business competition at Rivera Middle School on June 16, please contact Melanie Taylor at mtaylor@trenton.k12.nj.us.
Fitch Rates Intel's $600MM 7-Year Senior Notes Offering 'A+'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) CHICAGO, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings has assigned an 'A+' rating to Intel Corporation's (Intel) $600 million seven-year senior notes offering. Intel will use net proceeds for general corporate purposes, ahead of the company's pending acquisition of Mobileye N.V. (Mobileye). Intel just received U.S. regulatory approval for the acquisition and Fitch believes the transaction should close before the end of calendar year 2017. Pro forma fo
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
BEIJING (AP) " Asian stocks were lower Wednesday following Wall Street's tech-driven rise as investors waited for word from the U.S. Federal Reserve on a possible interest rate hike.
KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.6 percent to 3,135.32 and Tokyo's Nikkei 225 shed 0.1 percent to 19,917.51. Hong Kong's Hang Seng declined 0.3 percent to 25,786.00 and Seoul's Kospi was off 0.2 percent at 2,369.51. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 gained 0.8 percent to 5,818.90 and India's Sensex was unchanged at 31,110.09. Benchmarks in New Zealand and Thailand rose while Singapore and Manila retreated.
WALL STREET: U.S. stocks bounced back to record highs as investors put an end to a two-day drop for technology companies. Energy and consumer-focused companies also made outsize gains. The Standard & Poor's 500 index picked up 0.5 percent to 2,440.35. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.4 percent to 21,328.47. The Nasdaq composite, which has a large concentration of technology companies, rose 0.7 percent to 6,220.37.
FED WATCH: The U.S. Federal Reserve ends a two-day policy meeting on Wednesday, and investors expect the central bank to raise interest rates for the third time since December. They also are watching for the Fed's latest views on inflation and hints on how aggressive it will be in raising interest rates in the future.
Advertisement
ANALYST'S TAKE: "Despite stubbornly low inflation, the Fed is widely anticipated to lift its interest rate tomorrow," Ric Spooner of CMC Markets said in a report. "In a further sign that the Fed is leading a gradual global exit from monetary stimulus, Canada's Central Bank Governor last night surprised markets with hawkish comments."
CHINA: Government data showed retail sales in May rose 10.7 percent from a year earlier, a small gain over the 10.3 percent rate for the first four months of the year. Factory output rose 6.5 percent over a year earlier, holding steady at April's rate. Growth in investment in factories, real estate and other fixed assets decelerated to 8.6 percent over a year earlier in the first five months of 2017, down 0.3 percentage points from the rate in January-April.
BREXIT: The European Union moved to tighten its oversight of a key financial market based in London, threatening tens of thousands of jobs in Britain once the country exits the bloc. Draft regulations published by the EU executive Commission would force any clearinghouse considered important to the EU financial system to accept direct oversight from the bloc and, if requested, relocate to inside the EU. One report suggests that losing the market could cost the country 83,000 jobs, mostly in London, one of the world's top finance hubs.
TECH BOUNCE: U.S. tech stocks bounced back but still are below last week's record-high prices. Facebook rose 1.5 percent to $150.68 while Microsoft gained 1.2 percent to $70.65. Hard drive maker Western Digital added 3.9 percent to $90.05. Even after their recent skid, technology companies have done much better than the rest of the market in 2017. Big tech companies like Apple and Alphabet have been responsible for a huge portion of the stock market's gains this year.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 46 cents to $46.00 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract gained 38 cents on Tuesday to $46.46 a barrel. Brent crude, used to price international oils, shed 42 cents to $48.30 in London. It gained 57 cents the previous session.
CURRENCY: The dollar declined to 110.02 yen from Tuesday's 110.04 yen. The euro gained to $1.1250 from $1.1205.
ARKHANGELSK, Russia, March 30 Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday that anti-Russian sanctions were harmful both for the economies of the United States and Europe.
Putin was speaking at an Arctic forum in northern Russia. Western countries sanctioned Russia due to Moscow's annexation of the Crimea peninsula from Kiev and Russia's role in the Ukraine crisis. (Reporting by Oksana Kobzeva; writing by Polina Devitt; editing by Vladimir Soldatkin)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FRANKFURT Buyout groups Bain Capital and Cinven won an auction for German drugmaker Stada (STAGn.DE) on Monday after a surprisingly large increase on a previous bid valued the company at about 5.3 billion euros (4.5 billion pounds).
The private equity consortium is offering 65.28 euros per share and a dividend of 0.72 euro per Stada share, the company said in a statement on Monday, earning the backing of Stada management.
Bain and Cinven had been vying with a rival consortium comprising Advent and Permira for control of generic drugmaker Stada. Both suitors had previously made takeover offers at 58 euros per share, which valued the company at 4.7 billion euros including debt.
Stada said the improved offer valued it at 12.3 times its expected 2017 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA), above trading multiples among its peer group of 9-11 times.
It carried a premium of 49 percent over the Dec. 9 share price, before the first report of a takeover approach, it added.
Sources had said last week that final bids were due late on Friday and would not go far above previous levels because it was already seen as a stretch financially.
But Stada managed to stoke more competitive bidding between the two sides over the weekend, resulting in further increases, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters.
"I don't think that anyone just recently would have expected us to get this far in such a thorough manner and so quickly," said Stada Chief Executive Matthias Wiedenfels.
Stada shares climbed 10.5 percent to 64.35 euros at 1130 GMT.
"We believe this is very generous to Stada's shareholders and recommend they accept the offer," said Jefferies analyst James Vane-Tempest. "We had previously viewed the best case offer at 65 euros."
MORE DEALS SOUGHT
Cinven and Bain will look into buying more healthcare businesses to combine with Stada over the medium term, seeking costs cuts that will make the high investment in Stada worthwhile, two sources close to the consortium said.
Many buyout firms have been flush with cash after recent rounds of divestments and amid cheap borrowing costs. Eying stable healthcare businesses, financial investors also including CVC had been working on offers for Stada for months.
Stada said it has signed an investor agreement which would include protection provisions for employees. The company employed more than 10,000 people as of the end of 2015.
Bain and Cinven have agreed to avoid forced redundancies for four years in a move that exceeds staffing pledges incorporated in current business plans, Stada said.
The planned takeover vindicates the strategy of activist investor Active Ownership Capital (AOC), which built a stake of about 7 percent in shares and options before May last year, when the shares were trading at about only 30 euros.
Founded in 1895 in Dresden as a pharmacists' cooperative, Stada's generic drug business has come under price pressure as medical insurers in Germany, its largest market, are seeking bulk procurement deals at low prices.
Stada, which also derives considerable parts of its revenues from Russia and eastern Europe, is seeking to expand its non-prescription consumer care business and has also made forays into diagnostics kits and electronic cigarettes.
The offer documents will be published following approval by Germany's financial regulator BaFin and the offer period would likely end some time in summer, the company said.
Bain and Cinven said they were advised on the deal by JP Morgan, Macquarie Capital and Rothschild.
Stada said that the buyers would fund about half of the deal with 2.6 billion euros in equity, the remainder with debt.
Including undrawn facilities, the buyout will be backed with just over 3 billion euros of debt financing, with drawn debt amounting to 2.7 billion euros, banking sources said.
Barclays, Citigroup, Commerzbank, Jefferies, JP Morgan, Nomura, Société Générale and UBS are leading the debt financing, which will include leveraged loans and high yield bonds denominated in euros, the sources added.
They said that, given its size, the banks are likely to want to launch syndication of the deal to include more debt investors as quickly as possible.
(the story has been refiled to add reporting credit)
(Additional reporting by Andreas Cremer in Berlin, Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru, Claire Ruckin and Hannah Brenton in London; Editing by Keith Weir)
PRESS DIGEST-Canada - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories from selected Canadian newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
BRASILIA Brazilian President Michel Temer has agreed to make further changes to a landmark pension reform amid fears that a corruption investigation into dozens of politicians could paralyse Congress, a senior lawmaker said on Thursday.
The draft proposal will likely reduce the number of years of work required to retire with full benefits to 40 from the original amendment of 49 years, said congressman Carlos Marun, who leads the pension reform commission in the lower house.
Another major alteration sets a minimum retirement age of 50 for women and 55 for men, which would gradually increase to reach 65. The change means a softer transition for Brazilians who are closer to retirement age.
The changes could reduce the savings the government expected with the reform to cut some of the world's most generous pension benefits.
Last week, Temer ceded to other demands to water down the proposal, which aims to limit ballooning pension expenditures that threaten the fiscal health of Latin America's biggest economy.
The reform is facing stiff resistance in the government-controlled Congress; a newspaper survey last week showed that lawmakers in the lower house would reject the proposal as it stands.
The opening of corruption investigations into dozens of senior politicians and a third of Temer's cabinet also threatens to slow Temer's legislative agenda in Congress.
(Reporting by Lisandra Paraguassu; Writing by Alonso Soto; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 6 Astrum Financial Holdings Ltd :
* Expected to record profit and total comprehensive income of approximately hk$16.0 million for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Expected results due to significant increase in revenue derived from placing and underwriting services
Source text (bit.ly/2od9f3H)
Further company coverage:
TORONTO (AP) — The Latest on the incident in which a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk, killing and injuring several people (all times local):
9:25 a.m.
The president of Invesco Canada says one of the financial company's employees was among those killed in when a van plowed into pedestrians in Toronto.
Peter Intraligi says the company's "thoughts and prayers" were with "all those impacted by this tragic event."
Advertisement
The company had earlier issued a statement saying two of its employees were affected.
A new statement from Intraligi says "I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries." He added: "Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
___
8:55 a.m.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says authorities see no national security element in the seeming attack on pedestrians in Canada's largest city.
Trudeau says the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations are meeting in Toronto.
Trudeau says Canada will do whatever it can to keep its citizens safe, while staying true to its values.
Speaking at a news conference Tuesday, he said, "We cannot as Canadians choose to live in fear every single day as we go about our daily business."
Police are trying to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk in Toronto, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.
April 10 Taiwan Optical Platform Co Ltd :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$2 per share to shareholders for 2016
* It will use undistributed profit to distribute stock dividend worth T$0.2 for every one share
* It will use additional paid-in capital to distribute stock dividend worth T$0.2 for every one share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/mRmCrX
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Sixty-five of the 266 survey respondents said they had personally experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment.
The majority of political staffers who told The Canadian Press they had personally experienced sexual misconduct on the job chose not to report it, with many saying they worried doing so would mean negative consequences for their careers.
The Canadian Press distributed a questionnaire to those working in offices of MPs, senators and cabinet ministers in Ottawa last month, asking them to share their opinions and experiences with sexual assault and sexual harassment on Parliament Hill.
Related: Female MPs unsure what #MeToo movement means for Parliament Hill: survey
Sixty-five of the 266 survey respondents said they had personally experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment.
Twenty said they had been the target of at least one incident of sexual assault.
Only six of the respondents who said they had been the target of sexual harassment in their role as a political staffer said they reported the incident that had the biggest impact on them.
Of the 57 people who said they did not report the sexual harassment, 61 per cent of them listed not thinking it was serious enough to merit a complaint as one of the reasons.
About 47 per cent, meanwhile, said they were afraid it would have a negative impact on their career; the same percentage said they did not believe reporting the incident would make a difference.
Thirty-five per cent said they were worried they would be disbelieved or not taken seriously, while one-third said they did not know where to report it.
Related: Change in politics, society on sexual misconduct ‘not fast enough,' says Trudeau
There were a couple of respondents, however, who said not reporting it was the right thing to do.
“(I am) of the view that you deal directly with the individual to let them know you feel it is inappropriate,” one wrote.
Only two respondents said they reported their experience of sexual assault that made the biggest impact.
Neither woman said she was satisfied with how their complaints were handled: one said her story was ignored and the other said she was not believed.
Joanna Smith, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* Dlr/yen slumps to 5-mth low, slips below 200-day moving average
* Trump comments raise wariness over Treasury's currency report
* Aussie pops up on upbeat domestic employment data (Updates prices, adds details and quotes)
By Shinichi Saoshiro
TOKYO, April 13 The dollar slumped broadly on Thursday, falling to a five-month low against the yen, after U.S. President Donald Trump helped accelerate its recent decline by saying the currency was too strong.
The greenback took a heavy hit after Trump told the Wall Street Journal that the dollar "is getting too strong" and that he would prefer the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low.
The comments were a fresh reminder of the president's protectionist trade rhetoric, which has been a source of concern for dollar bulls.
"Trump's comments came at a time when some had begun to think that perhaps the president was not as supportive of a weak dollar as initially perceived," said Shin Kadota, senior strategist at Barclays in Tokyo.
"But he reiterated his view that a strong currency hurts U.S. competitiveness, adding fresh downward pressure on the dollar."
The U.S. currency was 0.3 percent lower at 108.805 yen after stooping to a five-month low of 108.730. In a bearish technical signal, the pair broke below its 200-day moving average of 108.75.
The dollar has shed 2 percent against the yen so far this week, with the safe-haven Japanese currency already on a bullish footing because of a rise in geopolitical tensions.
There are fresh concerns about the French presidential election and possible U.S. military action against Syria and North Korea. With investors viewing South Korea's sovereign notes as a riskier bet on the rising tensions, the premium for the country's credit default swap debt insurance has risen to a nine-month high.
That Trump seemed unmoved by the significant weakening of the dollar against the yen already in place increased nervousness towards the U.S. Treasury's semi-annual currency report due Friday, and next week's U.S.-Japan bilateral dialogue.
"It appears that the Trump administration is trying to make up for its internal policy shortcomings with a show of force in external policy, leading to a confrontational stance with trade partners," said Daisuke Karakama, market economist at Mizuho Bank.
"Currencies rates and trade balance inevitably become themes to confront others countries with. So if you are in the forex market it requires a lot of courage to buy the dollar right now."
The euro rose 0.1 percent to $1.0669, not far from a six-day high of $1.0675 reached overnight.
The dollar lost significant ground against the pound and Swiss franc as well, and as a result the dollar index versus a basket of major currencies lost about 0.7 percent to a two-week low of 100.040.
The Australian dollar was given some breathing room as the greenback slumped. Stronger-than-expected domestic employment data also lifted the currency.
It was up 0.5 percent at $0.7567, pulling away from a three-month low of $0.7473 plumbed the previous day when wide-spread risk aversion amid simmering geopolitical concerns took its toll on the Aussie.
The dollar was on track for its third straight day of losses against China's yuan, after rising to a one-month high at the start of the week.
The yield on the benchmark U.S. 10-year Treasury note was at 2.234 percent after touching 2.221 percent, its lowest in nearly five months. (Reporting by Shinichi Saoshiro; Editing by Eric Meijer)
An Afghan police medic treats an injured policeman who was wounded in a military operation against suspected Islamic State militants in Achin district of Nangarhar province, in eastern Afghanistan, April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
The GBU-43/B, also known as the Massive Ordnance Air Blast, detonates during a test at Elgin Air Force Base, Florida, U.S., November 21, 2003 in this handout photo provided April 13, 2017. REUTERS/U.S. Air Force photo/Handout via REUTERS
A member of Afghanistan's special forces point his gun as he observes the enemy lines in Achin district of Nangarhar province, in eastern Afghanistan April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
The GBU-43/B is launched from a MC-130E Combat Talon I at Eglain Air Force Base in Florida on November 21, 2003. REUTERS/U.S. Air Force photo/Handout/File photo
A member of Afghanistan's special forces unit keeps watch in Achin district of Nangarhar province, in eastern Afghanistan April 14, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
A U.S. soldier stands guard near the site of a U.S. bombing in the Achin district of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
U.S. soldiers stand guard near the site of a U.S. bombing in the Achin district of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
A U.S. soldier stands guard near the site of a U.S. bombing in the Achin district of Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan April 15, 2017. REUTERS/Parwiz
The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast (MOAB) bomb is pictured in this undated handout photo. Elgin Air Force Base/Handout via REUTERS
ACHIN, Afghanistan/KABUL The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan said on Friday that the decision to deploy one of the largest conventional bombs ever used in combat was purely tactical, and made as part of the campaign against Islamic State-linked fighters.
As many as 36 suspected Islamic State militants were killed in the strike on Thursday evening in the eastern province of Nangarhar, Afghan defense officials said, adding there were no civilian casualties.
Amaq, the news agency affiliated with Islamic State in the Middle East, carried a statement denying that the group had suffered casualties in the attack, citing an unidentified source who had been in contact.
The statements could not be independently verified, and on Friday Afghan and foreign troops in the vicinity were not allowing reporters or locals to approach the scene of the blast.
The strike came as U.S. President Donald Trump prepares to dispatch his first high-level delegation to Kabul, amid uncertainty about his plans for the nearly 9,000 American troops stationed in Afghanistan.
Nicknamed "the mother of all bombs," the weapon was dropped from an MC-130 aircraft in the Achin district of Nangarhar, bordering Pakistan.
Nicholson said he was in constant communication with officials in Washington, but the decision to use the 21,600-pound (9,797-kg) GBU-43 bomb was based on his assessment of military needs and not broader political considerations.
"This was the first time that we encountered an extensive obstacle to our progress," he said of a joint Afghan-U.S. operation that has been targeting Islamic State since March.
"It was the right time to use it tactically against the right target on the battlefield."
Afghan and U.S. forces were at the scene of the strike and reported that the "weapon achieved its intended purpose,", Nicholson said.
Afghan Defence Ministry spokesman Dawlat Waziri said no civilians were harmed in the massive blast that targeted a network of caves and tunnels that had been heavily mined.
"No civilian has been hurt and only the base, which Daesh used to launch attacks in other parts of the province, was destroyed," Waziri said in a statement.
He was using an Arabic term that refers to Islamic State, which has established a small stronghold in eastern Afghanistan and launched deadly attacks on the capital, Kabul.
The GBU-43 is a GPS-guided munition that had never before been used in combat since its first test in 2003, when it produced a mushroom cloud visible from 20 miles (32 km) away.
The bomb's destructive power, equivalent to 11 tonnes of TNT, pales in comparison with the relatively small atomic bombs dropped on Japan at the end of World War Two, which had blasts equivalent to between 15,000 and 20,000 tonnes of TNT.
MIXED REACTIONS
In Achin village, about 3 miles (5 km) from the remote, mountainous area where the bomb was dropped, witnesses said the ground shook, but homes and shops appeared unaffected.
Qari Mehrajuddin first saw "lightning like a thunderstorm" followed by the roar of an explosion, an all-to-familiar sound for residents of the war-torn area.
"I thought there was a bombing just outside my home," he said. In reality, the blast was around three miles away, its massive impact bigger than any before seen in the region.
Some locals welcomed the strike.
"If you want to destroy and eliminate Daesh, then even if you destroy my home we won't complain, because they are not human beings, they are savages," said Mir Alam Shinwari, using an Arabic term for Islamic State.
Away from Achin, reactions were mixed.
"The fact is that America used their big bomb here to test its effectiveness," said Kabul resident Asadullah Khaksar. "If America wants to eliminate Daesh, it is very easy because they created this group."
Residents of Achin said they had got used to seeing militants climbing up and down the mountain, making occasional visits to the village.
"They were Arabs, Pakistanis, Chinese and local insurgents coming to buy from shops in the bazaar," said Raz Mohammad.
"TESTING GROUND"
On Friday, the village was swarming with Afghan and international troops, as helicopters and other aircraft flew overhead.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani's office said in a statement the attack was a part of a joint operation by Afghan and international troops.
"Afghan and foreign troops closely coordinated this operation and were extra cautious to avoid any civilian casualties," it said.
But former president Hamid Karzai condemned the use of the weapon on Afghan soil.
The Taliban, the main security threat to Afghan and NATO forces trying to quell their stubborn insurgency, also denounced the bombing.
"Using this massive bomb cannot be justified and will leave a material and psychological impact on our people," the Taliban, who compete with Islamic State in Afghanistan, said in a statement.
American officials said the bomb had been positioned for possible use in Afghanistan for "some time" since the administration of former president Barack Obama.
The United States has steadily intensified its air campaign against Islamic State and Taliban militants in Afghanistan, with the Air Force deploying nearly 500 weapons in the first three months of 2017, up from 300 in the corresponding 2016 period.
Thursday's strike was not the first time Islamic State fighters have been targeted by heavy American bombardment in Nangarhar, where a U.S. special forces soldier was killed battling militants a week ago.
Last year, B-52 bombers operating out of Qatar flew at least two missions in Afghanistan for the first time since 2006.
Such aircraft can carry as much as 70,000 pounds (32,000 kg)of bombs, missiles, or other weapons on each mission.
In March, U.S. forces conducted 79 "counterterror strikes" against Islamic State in Nangarhar, killing as many as 200 militants, according to the U.S. military command in Kabul.
U.S. military officials estimate there are about 600 to 800 Islamic State fighters in Afghanistan, mostly in Nangarhar, but also in the neighbouring province of Kunar.
The United Nations has raised concerns that the American air campaign is swelling civilian casualties in Afghanistan.
Last year, air strikes by international forces caused at least 127 civilian deaths and 108 injuries, up from 103 deaths and 67 injuries in 2015, the United Nations said.
(Additional reporting by Josh Smith in KABUL and Mostafa Hashem in CAIRO; Writing by Josh Smith; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Clarence Fernandez)
(Reuters Health) - Quality varies widely at U.S. centers of excellence for bariatric surgery, with serious complication rates of less than 1 percent at some places and more than 10 percent at others, a recent study suggests.
Researchers examined rates of serious complications within 30 days of weight loss operations for 145,527 patients at 165 bariatric centers of excellence in 12 U.S. states.
Wisconsin had the least amount of variation among facilities in complication rates, which ranged from 1.5 percent to 3.3 percent, researchers report in JAMA Surgery. Nebraska had the most variety, with complication rates ranging from 1 percent to 10.3 percent.
Often, surgery centers with higher complication rates were close to other centers with lower complication rates, the study also found.
“Patients are likely unaware of the variation,” said lead study author Dr. Andrew Ibrahim of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor.
“In fact, many surgeons may be surprised by the findings,” Ibrahim said by email.
Before there were any centers of excellence, or even basic accreditation programs for bariatric surgery, death rates were as high as 9 percent in some centers that didn't do a huge number of these operations each year, researchers note.
In a push to improve quality and curb death and complication rates, the American College of Surgeons and the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery combined their two separate accreditation programs into a single nationwide program in 2012.
This set out uniform criteria for so-called centers of excellence for bariatric surgery. Among other things, qualifying hospitals have to do a certain number of these operations each year and use special operating tables and equipment for bariatric patients.
For the current study, researchers analyzed complication rates from 2010 to 2013 at bariatric centers of excellence in Arizona, Florida, Iowa, Massachusetts, Maryland, North Carolina, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, Washington and Wisconsin.
They focused on serious complications like bleeding, heart and lung problems, organ injury, wound infections and repeat operations.
Patients in the study were around 47 years old on average and most of them were white and female. In addition to obesity, many of them had other health problems like high blood pressure, diabetes, depression and lung disease.
More than half of them had what's known as laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, which reduces the stomach to a small pouch about the size of an egg.
Nearly all of the bariatric centers of excellence in the study were in urban areas, and about 71 percent were based at teaching hospitals.
When researchers grouped hospitals with similar complication rates, they found 28 percent of the centers had at least one nearby facility with lower complication rates.
Volume, or the number of surgeries done at each center, didn't appear to influence complication rates at the low end of the spectrum. The lowest complications rate seen were about 0.6 percent at high-, medium- and low-volume facilities.
But the highest complication rates seen, 10.3 percent, were at medium-volume centers, compared to 6.4 percent at low-volume centers and under 5 percent at high-volume centers.
One limitation of the study is that researchers lacked data on individual surgeons, Ibrahim said.
“We think a large part of the variation may be explained by the skill of the surgeon and care they receive after surgery,” Ibrahim said.
The findings suggest that while bariatric surgery is much safer now than it was a decade ago, just accrediting centers of excellence may not be enough on its own to guarantee high quality care, said Dr. Rajesh Aggarwal, author of an accompanying editorial and researcher at McGill University in Canada.
“There is still more improvement work to be done, and we cannot sit on our laurels,” Aggarwal said by email.
SOURCE: bit.ly/2po6koT and bit.ly/2oUSs71 JAMA Surgery, online April 26, 2017.
BERLIN The "America First" trade policy advocated by U.S. President Donald Trump is no recipe for generating more economic growth and jobs and it is up to Europeans to convince him of that, Germany's economy minister said on Wednesday.
Brigitte Zypries cited a study by the Paris-based Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) as showing that open trade was crucial to economic prosperity.
"So it is all the more important that we in Germany, that we as Europeans, convince the USA that 'America First' is not a strategy for more growth and jobs," she said at a business event hosted by her centre-left Social Democrats (SPD) in Berlin.
Trump wants an "America First" trade policy with better-negotiated trade deals and stronger enforcement of U.S. trade laws.
Financial leaders of the world's biggest economies dropped a pledge earlier this month to keep global trade free and open, acquiescing to an increasingly protectionist United States after a two-day meeting failed to yield a compromise.
Breaking a decade-long tradition of endorsing open trade, G20 finance ministers and central bankers made only a token reference to trade in their communique at the meeting in Baden Baden, hosted by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble.
Zypries said the change of U.S. policy under Trump's administration meant it would be hard for Germany to make progress during its presidency of the G20 this year.
"We saw at colleague Schaeuble's meeting in Baden Baden that things are not particularly easy in the G20 framework at the moment," she said, adding that Trump's administration had also played a "backwards role" on data protection and climate policy.
"The United States has not only loosened environmental standards but also data protection standards," she said.
"Not good news for us," she added, and this would make it harder to make a success of a debut meeting of G20 ministers responsible for digitisation in early April.
(Reporting by Gernot Heller; writing by Paul Carrel; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) aims to sell 1.4 million vehicles in China in 2018, nearly 9 percent more than it sold last year, but two insiders at the Japanese automaker said production constraints and other hurdles make it a tough target to meet.
The sales goal announced by Japan's biggest automaker on Friday comes at a time when the world's biggest auto market is experiencing a slowdown in overall vehicle sales growth.
The two people said the target is more a “stretch goal.” It is a target that is not the baseline sales forecast and one that executives acknowledge will be difficult to achieve, they said. They declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the Reuters reporter.
A big factor that makes selling 1.4 million vehicles this year more of a challenge is Toyota's manufacturing capacity which the two individuals said remains strained.
“If we could resolve this capacity issue, it would be easy to make the 1.4 million target. With sufficient capacity, we can possibly sell 1.5 million vehicles,” one of the two people said.
Toyota's forecast for 2018 is relatively more upbeat than the previous few years in part because it expects to launch a couple of potentially high-volume subcompact sport-utility vehicles (SUVs) later this year, the people said.
They said Toyota plans to launch two China-market versions of the subcompact Toyota CH-R crossover SUV in a June-July time frame. The CH-R hit showrooms in the United States in April last year.
Those two CH-R variants are smallish crossover SUVs that others, most notably Japan's Honda Motor Co (7267.T), have leveraged to grow sales significantly in China.
A Toyota spokesman said that though the 2018 sales target was not one that can be easily achieved due to the highly competitive market environment, the recent launch of a redesigned Camry sedan and the planned introduction of two subcompact SUVs later this year would enable Toyota to challenge the previous year's numbers.
China's overall vehicle market growth was the weakest last year in at least two decades, increasing just 3 percent year-on-year to 28.88 million vehicles, pegged back chiefly by a phasing out of tax breaks on smaller-engine cars that begun in 2017.
According to data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM), 2018 will another weak year. It predicts the country's vehicle market will grow 3.5 percent in 2018.
On Friday, Toyota said its sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles. Smaller rival Honda's sales in China, meanwhile, rose 10.9 percent in January to 126,174 vehicles.
Honda, which last year sold a total of 1.44 million vehicles in China, did not provide a forecast for volumes for this year.
WASHINGTON The U.S. military said on Friday it tracked a North Korean ballistic missile launch but the missile did not leave North Korean territory and did not pose a threat to North America.
Commander Dave Benham, a spokesman for U.S. Pacific Command, said the missile launch took place at 10:33 a.m. Hawaii time (2033 GMT) from near the Pukchang airfield.
U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the missile was probably a medium-range missile known as a KN-17 and appears to have broken up within minutes of taking off.
(Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by James Dalgleish)
BEIJING Companies from China and Iran will this weekend sign the first commercial contracts to redesign an Iranian nuclear plant as part of an international deal reached in 2015 over Iran's nuclear programme, China's Foreign Ministry said on Thursday.
The fate of the Arak reactor in central Iran was one of the toughest sticking points in the long nuclear negotiations that led to the agreement, signed by Iran with the United States, Britain, France, China, Russia and Germany.
In the redesign, the heavy water reactor will be reconfigured so it cannot yield fissile plutonium usable in a nuclear bomb.
Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said the contracts for the plant's redesign would be signed on Sunday in Vienna with initial agreements having already been reached in Beijing, describing it as an important part of the Iran nuclear deal.
China and the United States are joint heads of the working group on the Arak project, and progress has been smooth, Lu told a daily news briefing.
"The signing of this contract will create good conditions for substantively starting the redesign project," Lu said.
Iran has said that the 40-megawatt, heavy-water plant is aimed at producing isotopes for cancer and other medical treatments, and has denied that any of its nuclear activity is geared to developing weapons.
The announcement comes as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson accused Iran of "alarming ongoing provocations" to destabilise countries in the Middle East as the Trump administration launched a review of its policy towards Tehran.
Tillerson said the review would not only look at Iran's compliance with the 2015 nuclear deal but also its behaviour in the region which he said undermined U.S. interests in Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Lebanon.
Lu, while not directly referring to Tillerson's comments, said China hopes all parties could ensure the nuclear deal was implemented, appropriately handle disagreements and make positive contributions to nuclear non-proliferation and peace and stability in the Middle East.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Robert Birsel)
Washington Gov. Jay Inslee's visit to Vancouver raised a few eyebrows when he appeared to support to B.C. Premier John Horgan's effort to stop the expansion of the Trans Mountain pipeline system.
Inslee sidestepped a question from a Vancouver reporter about his own state's use of the pipeline to supply crude to its refineries at Anacortes, Cherry Point and Ferndale, some of which is sold back to B.C. as refined fuels.
Kinder Morgan, current operator of the Trans Mountain pipeline from Alberta to its terminal in Burnaby, also operates a branch line running from Abbotsford to Washington that supplies the Shell and Tesoro refinery complex at Anacortes, the Phillips 66 refinery at Ferndale and BP's Cherry Point facility, the largest in Washington located just 11 km south of Blaine.
View from Anacortes, WA to the sprawling Shell-Tesoro refinery complex at March Point. This and two other big WA refineries are supplied by @TransMtn and Alaska tankers running daily past B.C. #bcpoli #cdnpoli @GovInslee pic.twitter.com/4ojSraPpnh — Tom Fletcher (@tomfletcherbc) March 19, 2018
Inslee spoke of shipping noise affecting orcas and a growing demand for electric cars in his state, and avoided discussing Washington's own busy oil industry. He noted his state's rejection of an oil port at Vancouver, Washington, to transport shale oil produced from North Dakota, and thermal coal export facilities proposed to deliver from Wyoming to Asia.
“We share the most beautiful part of at least North America,” Inslee said at a joint news conference with Horgan Friday announcing a high-speed rail study. “And that vision that we have of perpetuating that beauty for our grandchildren is at risk by increasing the tanker traffic through the Haro Strait and the Strait of Juan de Fuca by going up about five to seven times.”
But most of the existing tanker traffic around the south end of Vancouver Island is coming from Alaska, and heading for those Washington refineries and others in California. The Seattle-based Sightline Institute estimates that while 10 per cent of Washington's crude oil comes from the Alberta oil sands via Trans Mountain, more than half comes from Alaska's Valdez tanker terminal. Washington refineries also receive crude oil tankers from the Middle East and Africa, and oil by rail from growing U.S. shale production is also increasing.
RELATED: Tugboat crewman ‘fell asleep' near Bella Bella
Inslee warned of a “dramatic” increase in tanker traffic from the Trans Mountain expansion. In fact it would represent a six per cent increase in total shipping traffic for the region, including freighters loaded with barely refined bunker fuel and U.S. fuel barges like the one that ran aground at Bella Bella in 2016.
VANCOUVER — British Columbia is the birthplace of methadone maintenance treatment, which has existed in some form in the province for more than half a century. Here is a timeline on how the treatment has evolved over the years:
1959: The world's first methadone maintenance treatment program is introduced by a pair of physicians in Vancouver.
1960s: Health-care providers in B.C. begin to offer withdrawal management services as a formal treatment for opioid addiction as a growing number of patients become dependent on the highly addictive drugs.
1980s and 1990s: The federal government begins transferring authority to the provinces for the administration and regulation of methadone maintenance therapy programs. There is growing evidence showing the effectiveness of the treatment.
1996: B.C. launches the methadone maintenance program, giving the province's college of physicians and surgeons responsibility for administering the initiative.
2006: The program balloons compared to its inception 10 years earlier, with the number of active prescribing physicians rising from 238 to 327, the number of dispensing pharmacies expanding from 131 to 482 and the number of clients jumping from 2,827 to 9,601, then to nearly 14,000 in 2012.
2014: Generic methadone is phased out of the provincial treatment program in favour of Methadose, a highly concentrated, brand name alternative. The switch prompts complaints from patients, whose requests for input into the policy move had been rebuffed, including that the new medication is metabolized more quickly, meaning a faster onset of withdrawal symptoms.
2016: All B.C. physicians are authorized to prescribe Suboxone, a combination of buprenorphine and naloxone, and which is considered a safer and more effective alternative to methadone.
2017: The newly created B.C. Centre on Substance Use releases new guidelines for treating people with opioid dependence, marking a shift away from the college of physicians and surgeons as the body responsible for development treatment protocols. The move also shifts focus from methadone to Suboxone as the treatment of choice.
SOURCES: Patients Helping Patients Understand Opioid-Substitution Therapy; Methadone Maintenance Treatment in British Columbia, 1996-2008; B.C.'s change in methadone formulation: A metanarrative review of the literature; Centre for Addictions Research of B.C.
The Canadian Press
March 31 SBI Holdings Inc:
* Says its unit SBI AXES, will fully acquire 3 other units including SBI Social Lending Co Ltd, SBI Remit Co Ltd and SBI Business Solution Co Ltd on April 18
* Says SBI AXES will change company name into SBI FinTech Solutions Co Ltd on July 1
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/bLz87A
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Ghost Ballers upset 3 Headed Monsters, 50-33, to seize the last playoff spot in the BIG3 3-on-3 basketball league at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California on Sunday (Monday in Manila).
Four players registered double figures as Ghost Ballers barged into the final four with an even 4-4 win-loss record.
Mike Bibby and Ricky Davis posted 13 points apiece while former Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) import Ivan Johnson chipped in 12 markers and Marcus Banks logged 10.
Following a close first half, Ghost Ballers went on to outgun 3 Headed Monsters in the deciding half, 25-13.
Rashard Lewis put up a game-high 18 points on an efficient 9-of-12 shooting from the field but his teammates failed to contribute as the playoff-bound 3 Headed Monsters saw their six-game winning streak snapped and finished with a 6-2 card.
Meanwhile, Trilogy relied on a strong first half as it swept the preliminary round with a 50-41 victory over Killer 3's.
Trilogy got off to a searing start en route to a massive 25-8 lead at halftime, enough to secure the win despite surrendering 33 points to Killer 3's in the final half.
Rashad McCants pumped in 17 points, Al Harrington chalked 16 markers and James White added 10 as Trilogy ended the elimination phase with a perfect 8-0 slate.
Brian Cook led Killer 3's with 17 points while Stephen Jackson flirted with a double-double, tallying 16 markers and nine rebounds, as they settled at the bottom with a 2-6 sheet.
In the third game, Ball Hogs spoiled 3s Company's bid to enter the playoffs with a tightly contested 50-47 win.
Xavier Silas exploded with 20 points while Josh Childress converted seven of his eight shots for 16 markers as Ball Hogs closed its campaign on a winning note with a 2-6 record.
Andre Owens scored 19 points and ex-PBA reinforcement Al Thornton had 11 markers for the Allen Iverson-coached 3s Company, which absorbed its fifth loss and bowed out of playoff contention.
In the curtain raiser, also-ran Tri-State stunned Power, 51-42.
Mike James posted a team-best 17 points and Lee Nailon contributed 13 markers as Tri-State improved to 3-5.
DeShawn Stevenson erupted for 22 points highlighted by six triples for Power, which dropped to 4-4 heading into the playoffs.
The semifinals and classification rounds will be played next week at the KeyArena in Seattle, Washington.
(In March 30 item, corrects spelling of Kislyak in 3rd paragraph)
WASHINGTON, March 30 Donald Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, has offered to testify before congressional committees probing potential ties between the Trump campaign and Russia but wants protection against "unfair prosecution," his lawyer said on Thursday.
"General Flynn certainly has a story to tell, and he very much wants to tell it, should the circumstances permit," said a statement from Flynn's lawyer, Robert Kelner.
Testimony from Flynn could help shed light on the conversations he had with Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak last year when he was the national security adviser for Trump's presidential campaign.
Kelner said discussions had taken place about Flynn's availability to testify with officials of the intelligence committees of both the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives. Both committees are investigating allegations of Russian meddling in the U.S. election campaign last year and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russians.
Flynn was forced to resign as Trump's national security adviser in February for failing to disclose talks with the Russian ambassador before Trump took office about U.S. sanctions on Moscow and misleading Vice President Mike Pence about the conversations.
Questions remain about the scope of the discussions and what other contacts took place between other Trump advisers with the Russians. Earlier this week, the White House disclosed that Trump's son-in-law and White House senior adviser, Jared Kushner, met executives of Russian state development bank Vnesheconombank, or VEB, in December.
U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russia hacked emails of senior Democrats and orchestrated the release of embarrassing information in a bid to tip the presidential election in favor of Trump, whose views were seen as more in line with the Moscow's.
Russia has denied the allegations. Trump has dismissed suggestions of links with Moscow as Democratic sour grapes for losing the election.
'WITCH HUNT ENVIRONMENT'
The Wall Street Journal, citing officials with knowledge of the matter, reported on Thursday that Flynn had sought immunity from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the House and Senate intelligence panels in exchange for his testimony. The newspaper said he had so far found no takers.
The House denied the Journal report. "Michael Flynn has not offered to testify to HPSCI in exchange for immunity," committee spokesman Jack Langer said in a statement.
The FBI declined to comment. The Senate committee did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Kelner's statement did not mention the FBI.
He said Flynn "is now the target of unsubstantiated public demands by Members of Congress and other political critics that he be criminally investigated."
Kelner said Flynn would not "submit to questioning in such a highly politicized, witch hunt environment without assurances against unfair prosecution."
Independent Senator Angus King, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, told CNN he could not confirm the Journal report, but "if that turns out to be the case, that's a significant development I believe because it indicates that he has something important to say.”
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Grant McCool and Peter Cooney)
Contact
The Blackson Group
Point of Contact: Janai Valentine
***@kuteblackson.com The Blackson GroupPoint of Contact: Janai Valentine
End
-- Kute Blackson, national best-selling author ofand world renowned self-help teacher, holds a women's seminar revealing how to decode men and unmask hidden barriers and limitations so you can live the life you deserve at the 2017 Man Breakthrough Experience (MBE) on May 5th through May 7th."In your life, you attract the mirror manifestation of a man that reflects the level of your own evolution," Blackson says. "Love will often bring up within you those parts and assets of yourself where healing is necessary."During the 2.5 day seminar, Blackson will use a unique and proven process he developed over the years to help women identify their barriers, break down their walls of limitations, shift negative, repetitive patterns and allow you to live the life you desire.If you are:· In a relationship and yearn a deeper and more intimate connection with your partner· A single woman with a sincere desire to experience true love/emotional growth in a relationship· Tired of feeling unfulfilled and want to understand how men work· Constantly in and out of shallow relationships with no emotional growth· Drained from repeating the same old patterns of self-sabotage that destroy your relationships with menLadies, who understands men better than a man himself? In this interactive, eye opening experience, women will be transformed and see that loving yourself and breaking down your own personal barriers is the first step to finding long-lasting love.A 2016 MBE attendee and client of Blackson, Angela Fuentes, says, "The seminar transformed my life in ways I didn't even expect. It's not just about learning men or relationships;it's about learning yourself. If you're ready for an extreme breakthrough to free your heart and mind, this is the seminar for you."Whether you are single, in a relationship, a successful woman, a college student, a stay at home mother, this seminar is for you. MBE is about transforming yourself internally to free yourself in being the fullest expression of love.Are you ready to immerse in a life transformation and see real results in your life? Sign up today!W: http://www.themanbreakthroughexperience.com/ W: http://www.kuteblackson.com/
April 20 Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Aurinia releases additional 48-week data from the AURA-LV study during late-breaking session at the National Kidney Foundation 2017 spring clinical meetings
* Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc - 100% of patients in complete remission at week 24 stays in complete remission at week 48 while on low-dose voclosporin
* Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc - no unexpected safety signals were observed and voclosporin was generally well-tolerated from AURA-LV study Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2nZRORf
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 10 Lithium was the super-hot metals story of 2016.
A spectacular price rally propelled lithium out of the metallic shadows onto the global investment stage.
This year it is the turn of cobalt.
The price of cobalt traded on the London Metal Exchange (LME) has exploded from $33,000 per tonne to $55,000 since the start of January.
This time last year, the price was bombed out at multi-year lows below $25,000 per tonne.
As with lithium, cobalt's story is all about batteries and the green technology revolution.
The lithium-cobalt battery is already standard in many electronic applications and both metals are expected to see usage accelerate thanks to the rapidly evolving electric vehicle and grid storage sectors.
And as with lithium, stellar demand projections have led to increased scrutiny of the supply chain.
Which is where cobalt may turn out to be even more of a rollercoaster market than lithium.
Graphic on the LME cobalt price: tmsnrt.rs/2nZRORf
THE SCRAMBLE FOR COBALT
The scale and speed of the cobalt price surge over the last few months reflects a scramble for units.
The cobalt market has been transitioning over the last year or so from a state of oversupply to one of shortfall, with most analysts forecasting a supply deficit in 2017.
That expectation coupled with all the excitement surrounding the lithium story seems to have led to several high-profile funds such as Switzerland's Pala Investments and China's Shanghai Chaos Investment buying up physical stocks of cobalt.
Which in turn seems to have triggered panic buying by cobalt users along the manufacturing chain.
The cumulative effect has been a near straight-line price rally since the fourth quarter of last year.
As ever with such rapid and violent price action, though, the drivers have in all probability abated just as the rest of the world sits up and pays attention.
That was how lithium played out last year and that's how analysts think cobalt will play out this year.
With the immediate panic about availability over, the upside price impetus should fade, leading to a period of consolidation or mild retreat over the second half of this year.
A FRAGILE SUPPLY CHAIN
But cobalt's supply chain is much more fragile than that of lithium, with its big, established players operating brine lakes in the relatively stable environment of the "Lithium Triangle" straddling Chile and Argentina.
Cobalt, by contrast, is massively dependent on one highly unstable African country, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC).
The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) estimates that last year the DRC accounted for 66,000 tonnes of global mined cobalt production of 123,000 tonnes.
In terms of reserves the country is estimated to have 3.4 million tonnes of cobalt, around half of the world's identified resources, again according to the USGS.
Cobalt mining in the DRC is dominated by Swiss trade house Glencore and a variety of Chinese players, all of which extract the metal as a copper by-product.
That's another kink in the cobalt supply chain since there are hardly any pure cobalt mines, leaving global production dependent on the economics of other metals such as copper and nickel.
Glencore's decision in late 2015 to suspend production at its Kamoto copper operations, for example, has also taken around 3,000 tonnes of cobalt out of the supply picture.
It will bring that production back online next year but other short-term boosts to supply are likely few and far between because of the resource spending freeze that followed the low base-metals price environment of 2014-2015.
SWING PRODUCER
One producer, however, is probably able to react to higher prices and it's a particularly problematic player.
Artisanal mining is the "known unknown" in the DRC and global cobalt supply chain.
It may account for anything up to a fifth of the country's output but is difficult to quantify since it exists in the shadows of the official sector.
Like artisanal mining everywhere, production tends to be highly sensitive to price.
It's worth noting that despite the explosive rally towards the end of the year, 2016 was a period of low average pricing.
China's imports of cobalt raw materials shrank by 35 percent to 150,000 tonnes (bulk weight), with supply from the DRC falling by a harder 41 percent to 132,000 tonnes.
Some contraction in artisanal output was almost certainly in the mix.
This year, however, with prices at multi-year highs and China needing to restock raw materials again, it is the artisanal part of the supply chain that will act as swing supplier.
In essence, the current structure of the cobalt market means the key determinant of market balance and price will be the least transparent component of global production.
And also the most controversial component, given the increasing focus on ethical supply chains.
Cobalt has so far escaped the same level of scrutiny as, say, tin and tantalum, both of which also come from the DRC.
But it is only a matter of time before that changes, meaning even more pressure on the artisanal contribution to global supply.
TRADEABLE AND VOLATILE
Cobalt's problematic supply chain, with too much coming from one country and too much coming from the "grey" artisanal sector, may yet hobble its longer-term usage profile.
But right now it and lithium are two of the front-runners in the green revolution materials race.
It's partly that calculation that persuaded funds to get involved in cobalt as a lithium catch-up trade.
Cobalt is also easier to buy and store than lithium, which remains tightly controlled by a small oligopoly of producers.
The flip side, though, is it's also easier to short sell on an exchange such as the LME.
The LME's cobalt contract has been trading since 2010 and has done no more than tick quietly over for most of that time.
Volumes really started picking up late last year, though, as the price rally gathered momentum. Activity in the first two months of this year jumped to 2,396 lots from just 620 lots last year.
For now, it's the only exchange-traded cobalt contract. But that's one more than exists in the lithium market.
It's that tradeability that makes cobalt a potentially more volatile commodity than lithium. And given the nature of the cobalt supply chain, there may be no shortage of reasons for price volatility.
(Editing by Dale Hudson)
By Henry Umoru
ABUJA— SENATE President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, yesterday, lampooned former chairman of Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Professor Attahiru Jega, asking him to shut up and stop making reckless statements against the lawmakers, if he cannot come up with names to buttress his allegations.
Speaking, yesterday, at plenary over the allegations raised by Jega at DemocracyDay lecture on Monday that senators and members of the House of Representatives were notorious for bribe-taking, Saraki said the former INEC boss' statements were serious embarrassment to the National Assembly.
Saraki, who was responding to a point of order, order 43 (Personal Explanation) raised by Senator Isah Misau, (APC Bauchi Central) on the allegation, said he was at the programme with the Speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara, when Jega made what he described as blanket embarrassing statement, despite the efforts of the National Assembly to join other arms of government to fight corruption in the country.
Saraki said: “I was at the programme,with the speaker and we were highly embarrassed by this kind of comment. All of us are committed to the fight against corruption.
“But I believe it (such statement) doesn't help the fight against corruption, it is a slight to the integrity of some of us, where such a statement is made.”
He, however, challenged Jega to expose those lawmakers he knew were involved in corrupt practices with evidence.
“If he (Jega) has those kinds of evidences, he should bring it forward, because to say that, is to suggest that every member of the National Assembly is part of this, even those who are not part of this are condoling this action which is far from the truth.
“I think what the professor, who is respected, should do is to come out and mention those members he is aware of. If he can't come out and name them, he should not make such branding statements.”
Saraki assured that the National Assembly under his leadership would not get involved in corruption or attempt to cover any member who got involved in the act of indiscipline.
Earlier in his presentation, Senator Misau said: “My point of order is based on the lecture made during the Democracy Day lecture, the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria was in attendance.
‘'During the lecture, the guest lecturer who is an elder statesman and the former chairman of INEC, Professor Attahiru Jega made a statement which I feel I have to bring to this floor. He said some committee chairmen of the National Assembly are notorious for demanding or collecting bribes, which I feel is unfortunate for somebody well respected to say.
“I feel that the statement is very weighty because that programme (Democracy Day lecture) was televised live. The thing they need to understand is that these live programmes are watched around the world. And at the time he made that statement, I am a member of ECOWAS Parliament.
“After the lecture, I went to the parliament and the question most of the parliamentarians were asking me is whether what the Professor said is true or not.
“I find it difficult to explain to them and I feel that not only Professor Jega but anybody that would make statements concerning the credibility of this Senate and its committee chairmen should be bold enough to mention names, especially when it is about fighting corruption in Nigeria.
“If we really want to fight corruption and want to help the government, he would not be making such statements without mentioning the committee chairmen and those who gave him that sort of information. I felt embarrassed. We need the professor to throw more light on what he said.”
The 707 horsepower supercharged V-8 engine of the 2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk is shown at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
Interior view of the 2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk being displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
Journalists look over the fuel cell version of the Honda Clarity being displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The 2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trackhawk is displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
The 2018 Hyundai Sonata is unveiled at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
The 2017 Hyundai Ioniq is unveiled at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
Lyric, a border collie, walks down the ramp of the Nissan Rogue, Dogue edition, at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
A 2018 Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo is displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
REFILE - CORRECTING TYPO - A 2018 Porsche 911 GT3 is displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
View of the interior of the 2018 Hyundai Sonata being displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
The Kia logo is seen at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan Mcdermid
Klaus Zellmer, President and CEO, Porsche Cars North America, speaks at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Lex Kerssemakers, President and CEO, Volvo Cars USA, speaks at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The 2018 Volvo XC60 is displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
The The 2018 Volvo XC60 (L) and Volvo S90 are displayed at the 2017 New York International Auto Show in New York City, U.S. April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
NEW YORK Automakers unveiled new sport utility vehicles at the New York auto show on Wednesday, boosted by low fuel prices and increasing demand, but said they were also moving ahead with new U.S. electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles for the U.S. market.
Ford Motor Co (F.N) showed off a redesigned Lincoln Navigator luxury SUV with an aluminium body that cuts nearly 200 pounds (90.72 kg) off its weight.
Subaru Corp (7270.T) unveiled a concept seven-passenger Ascent SUV Concept, meanwhile, saying it planned to start selling the large SUV in 2018, and General Motors Co (GM.N) showed off a new larger seven-passenger Buick Enclave.
Not to be outdone, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (FCHA.MI) took the wraps off a new limited version of its Jeep Grand Cherokee SUV, with 707 horsepower and a 6.2-liter V-8 engine, while Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) showed off a concept SUV aimed at outdoorsy millennials called "FT-4X" for "Future Toyota."
SUVs accounted for nearly 40 percent of total U.S. vehicle sales in 2016, up from 32.6 percent in 2014, as a growing number of Americans ditched cars for more fuel-thirsty larger vehicles.
President Donald Trump has said he will revisit strict 2022-2025 vehicle fuel efficiency requirements set by the Obama administration, a move that may reduce future requirements.
But after investing substantial sums in electric vehicles, automakers say they are not backing off their plans to compete in the EV market segment.
Ford alone is investing $4.5 billion to introduce 13 new electric and hybrid vehicles over the next five years, Chief Executive Officer Mark Fields told reporters at the New York show.
Honda Motor Co (7267.T) unveiled a new Clarity electric vehicle and plug-in hybrid version at the show and the Japanese automaker said it sees electric or hybrid vehicles accounting for two thirds of all sales worldwide by 2030.
Nissan Motor Co (7201.T), meanwhile, said it will unveil a new version of its electric Leaf later this year with a longer battery range than its current version.
Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE), the world's biggest automaker, said it will sell at least three new electric vehicles by 2020, partly due to an agreement with California aimed at settling its diesel emissions cheating scandal.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Tom Brown)
April 12 Refresco Group NV:
* Rejects PAI Partners SAS unsolicited non-binding proposal
* Has taken notice of rumours in market on a proposal by PAI
* Confirms that it received an unsolicited, indicative and conditional proposal from PAI on April 6, 2017 regarding a possible offer to acquire all 81.2 million issued shares in company at an aggregate cash consideration of 1,404 million euros ($1.49 billion)
* Refresco has informed PAI that proposed terms and conditions did not merit any further investigation and have accordingly rejected proposal. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9429 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
April 10 Chinese Strategic Holdings Ltd
* Proposes to raise not less than about hk$57.4 million and not more than about hk$71.2 million before expenses, by way of open offer
* To issue not less than 574.4 million offer shares and not more than 712.1 million offer shares at subscription price of hk$0.1 per offer share
* Will implement share consolidation on basis that every 10 shares of hk$0.001 be consolidated into one consolidated share of hk$0.01 each
* Intends to use net proceeds from open offer as to approximately hk$31.7 million for repayment of outstanding liabilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON This year's Wimbledon singles tennis champions will receive 2.2 million pounds each – a hike of 200,000 pounds for both the men's and women's winner, organisers said on Wednesday.
Tournament chiefs unveiled the increased winners' cheques among a larger total prize pot of 31.6 million pounds, up from 28.1 million pounds last year.
The bigger pot benefits players throughout the draw, with first round singles losers set to walk away from the England Club with 35,000 pounds.
In percentage terms, first round losers benefit the most -- their prize being almost 17 percent higher than last year, reflecting the club's commitment to the lower reaches of tennis.
"We are proud of the important leadership role that Wimbledon plays locally, nationally, and internationally, and are committed to continuing to invest to secure the future of The Championships, and of our sport, for the years to come," club chairman Philip Brook said.
The winners' cheques for the men's and women's singles has doubled since 2011.
Brook said the club had "taken into account" exchange rates, but that the "Brexit effect" had not been instrumental in their calculations.
"Exchange rates go up and go down over time," he said. "In my time with the club I think all four grand slam tournaments have led on prize money, and now the U.S. dollar is particularly strong."
The pound has fallen 14 percent against the dollar since Britain's vote to leave the European Union last June.
The U.S. Open has yet to announce its 2017 prize money while this month's French Open recently announced that total prize money had risen 12 percent from last year's levels to 36 million euros (£30.4 million).
Both the men's and women's singles winners at Roland Garros will receive a cheque for 2.1 million euros.
The grass-court grand slam tournament takes place on the fringes of south-west London from July 3-16: the latest start for the tournament since 1895.
Organisers said work to install a roof on Court One -- the second-biggest showcourt after Centre Court -- was on schedule and would be completed in time for the 2019 championships.
(Editing by Richard Lough and Ken Ferris)
CAIRO, March 29 Egypt's 2017/18 budget targets 4.6 percent growth, Finance Minister Amr El-Garhy said at a news conference on Wednesday after the cabinet approved the budget.
Garhy also said interest on debt would reach 380 billion pounds ($20.88 billion), up from 304 billion pounds in the current year. ($1 = 18.1950 Egyptian pounds) (Writing by Asma Alsharif; Editing by Alison Williams)
SEOUL, March 30 Reuters inadvertently issued an alert and story detailing South Korea's ratio of U.S. dollar reserves for 2016. Both the alert and the story have been withdrawn. STORY_NUMBER: L3N1H6607 STORY_DATE: 30/03/2017 STORY_TIME: 0030 GMT
EDF says notified of a 24-hour strike starting June 21
PARIS, June 15 French state-controlled utility EDF has been notified of a 24-hour strike starting on June 21, the company said on its website, but EDF did not say if the industrial action would cut French electricity output.
MADRID Antoine Griezmann's disputed first-half penalty gave Atletico Madrid a slender 1-0 victory over Leicester City in their Champions League quarter final first-leg clash at the Vicente Calderon on Wednesday.
The France striker was fouled by Leicester's Marc Albrighton on the edge of the box and referee Jonas Eriksson deemed the action to have continued into the penalty area.
Griezmann sent Leicester keeper Kasper Schmeichel the wrong way from the spot after 28 minutes although the hosts could not add to their advantage in the remainder of the encounter and Fernando Torres missed a good chance to double the lead.
The result left the tie in the balance ahead of the second leg in England on April 18, as Leicester bid to maintain a fairytale run in their first season in Europe's elite club competition.
Atletico dominated from the start, with midfielder Koke slamming a long-range strike against the post in the fourth minute.
Griezmann and Saul Niguez both had drives from distance that flew narrowly off-target as Diego Simeone's side pushed for the opener.
It eventually came after Leicester's first real attack of the game, with Atletico surging forward on a lightning counter, which ended when Albrighton brought down Griezmann on the edge of the area.
The Leicester winger's first contact with the French forward took place outside the box although referee Eriksson pointed to the spot. Griezmann dispatched his effort coolly to notch his 24th goal of the season.
Leicester stayed tight at the back and although Atletico dominated possession, they could not create any more clear-cut chances in the first half.
After the break Torres escaped his marker in the area but slipped as he was poised to strike, with the ball bobbling towards the corner flag and going out for a throw.
As Atletico pushed in vain for a second goal, Leicester's hopes of overturning the deficit in the second leg were hit when Robert Huth was booked for a foul on the effervescent Griezmann, ruling the defender out of the return encounter.
(Editing by Toby Davis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 12 Alliance MMA Inc-
* Alliance MMA - on April 7, concluded that financial statements for nine months ended september 30, 2016 included in form 10-q should no longer be relied upon
* Alliance MMA - financial statements should no longer be relied upon because of error in recognizing as compensation transfers of common stock by an affiliate of co to individuals
* Alliance MMA - plans to include in annual report on form 10-k for year ended dec 31, 2016 revised financial information for nine months ended sept 30, 2016
* Alliance MMA -co's cfo has discussed determination to restate these financial statements with its independent accounting firm Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and U.S. President Donald Trump pose for a photograph before attending dinner at Mar-a-Lago Club in Palm Beach, Florida, U.S., February 11, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
TOKYO Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Thursday that he and U.S. President Donald Trump agreed in a telephone call that North Korea's latest ballistic missile launch was "a dangerous provocation and a serious threat."
Abe also told reporters at his official residence that he was watching to see how China would respond to Pyongyang after President Xi Jinping meets with Trump at the U.S. leader's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
In his brief, nationally televised remarks, Abe said Trump had told him that all options were on the table regarding how to handle North Korea.
Pyongyang test-fired a ballistic missile into the sea off its east coast on Wednesday, a day before the Trump-Xi summit, where North Korea's increasingly defiant arms programme was set to take centre stage.
Trump has repeatedly said China must do more to curb North Korea's nuclear and missile development. On Sunday he held out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation while suggesting Washington might deal with Pyongyang's nuclear and missile programs on its own if need be.
(Writing by William Mallard; Editing by Chris Reese and Sandra Maler)
