Subscribe to read: Financial Times
In oil mystery, traders resort to ‘buy the builds' mantra
One of the joys of hot summer days – whether on the beach, in a park, or back garden – is giving your bare feet a treat. That direct contact with warm, yielding sand; the cool sensation of grassy earth against the skin is good for soles . . . and souls.
What could be more natural than running barefoot? As Dr Vybarr Cregan-Reid makes clear in the July 2017 issue of Psychology Today, running reminds us that we have bodies: “It's bizarre that our feet, which are incredibly sensitive parts of our body, spend their time wrapped up in shoes.” And of barefoot running, he says that it gives him “a richer, more dynamic experience. We develop emotional memories of places we actually touch”.
So is it worth experimenting with barefoot running this summer? After all, it makes evolutionary sense, since unshod humans have run long distances for millions of years, and running barefoot needn't be a barrier to athletic success. For example, in 1960, Ethiopia's Abebe Bikila won the Rome Olympic marathon in a world-record time of 2:15:16 in his bare feet; and between 1984 and 1986, South African-born Zola Budd – running barefoot – won two World Cross-Country titles and set world records at 3,000m (indoors) and 5,000m.
But, yes, it's also the case that at the 1964 Tokyo Olympics, Bikila triumphed again in running shoes; and in 2010, Budd – now Zola Pieterse following her marriage to Mike Pieterse – told Cary Groner in Lower Extremity Review, that she did 40per cent of her training in shoes: “I used to do all my road running in shoes, and I still do,” she said. “My feet weren't strong enough, and I was scared of the broken glass. Most of my training I did on the grass and on the track, and that I did barefoot.”
With Bikila and Budd, barefoot running was a natural extension of everyday barefoot life in hot surroundings. But for those living in Westernised, urban societies, the advent of modern running shoes in the 1970s – combined with their intense commercial promotion – blunted the appeal of barefoot running. Notwithstanding that, however, readers may have seen the documentary film First or Last (2014), featuring leading Irish triathlete Chris Mintern of Leevale AC, running barefoot.
Last year a report in the American Journal of Sports Medicine cited studies suggesting that “barefoot running (as well as associated minimalist shoe running) is often advocated for reduction in injury risk, central to emerging evidence that successful barefoot running might result in the adoption of a forefoot landing pattern, which is associated with reductions in loading rate and subsequent risk of injury.”
So how is barefoot/minimalist running viewed in Ireland? Angie Hartnett is a practising physical therapist in Ballinrobe, Co Mayo. With an MSc in sports physiotherapy, Hartnett's undertaking a PhD in active leisure and sports participation in a rural, elderly population. She also organised the only two Back 2 Barefoot 10km races in Ireland in March 2012 and March 2015. Hartnett told The Irish Times: “I think, in general, that Irish runners view barefoot or minimal running as a quirky or unusual fad that may have merit, but not something they would be prepared to try. Some runners may use them solely for training purposes but certainly not for competing.”
Might barefoot run appeal to individuals with certain personality traits? It is a seldom-studied area of research, but there is published evidence that running barefoot is perceived by some to be “extreme” and “crazy”, cited by the authors of an American study published last year in the journal Sport Sciences for Health. They surveyed 692 runners (mean age 39.8) who had completed at least one half-marathon in the previous two years, and 238 reported running barefoot.
The researchers found that “some runners may have inherent personality traits that make them more inclined to attempt barefoot running; they wish to seek out new experiences and they do not mind the risks involved in the activity”. In addition, they cited a study published last year which explored the relationship between barefoot running and cognitive benefits, finding that “working memory is increased when performing barefoot activities, due to the increased attentional demand it imposes”.
Hartnett says that when running barefoot or minimally shod, you adopt a more natural style, with your hips, knees and ankles in greater alignment than when landing on your heel. “There's also,” she explains, “a much softer landing with far less impact through the joints when landing on your mid-foot or forefoot compared to heel striking.
“The muscles in our lower legs and feet are being used to their full potential with the Achilles tendon acting as our natural shock absorber.
“In addition, there's a heightened awareness of foot position, which might decrease the risk of ankle sprain. Running barefoot also strengthens the intrinsic muscles in the feet which in turn support the arches of the feet.”
Hartnett is clear that running barefoot or in minimalist footwear has many benefits, but she advises a cautious approach to those contemplating a change. “The most important thing to remember when transitioning into barefoot or minimalist running is to build up the mileage slowly. Far too often people run their usual distance in the barefoot style and sustain injuries because their muscles are not conditioned adequately for the change in style.”
This is borne out by the results of a study published last year in the American Journal of Sports Medicine, which investigated 26 habitually shod runners who completed an eight-week progressively introduced barefoot running programme. The authors emphasised that “runners choosing to transition to barefoot running may require gait retraining or greater training exposure to adapt. However, caution should be taken, since the transition may increase injury risk; for example, increased risk of bone stress injury was shown over a 10-week transition to minimalist running.”
This summer, give your feet some fresh air, and perhaps enjoy a gentle run along the beach. But if you're contemplating a wholesale change to barefoot running, it pays to begin gently; get some expert, independent advice; and listen to your body.
Expression of concern Free access | 10.1172/JCI97321
See the related article at Particulate allergens potentiate allergic asthma in mice through sustained IgE-mediated mast cell activation.
Original citation: J Clin Invest. 2011;121(3):941–955. https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI43584
Citation for this expression of concern: J Clin Invest. 2017;127(10):3913. https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI97321
An investigative committee at Duke University recently reported that a research technician in the animal pulmonary physiology laboratory fabricated and/or falsified flexiVent data reported in Figures 1A, 2A, and 7D of this paper. The Editorial Board is issuing this Expression of Concern to alert readers to these problems. The Editors have requested that the experiments in question be repeated by the authors and resubmitted to the Journal. We will inform our readers of the outcome after the data have been evaluated.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
On the evidence of day one, safe to say the sevens is back. Not Wellington heyday back, but certainly back from the brink.
No event is ever perfect from the get-go, and many teething problems reared their head in Hamilton's first dig at hosting.
Punters were forced to wait in long queues first to get into Waikato Stadium for the start of play; then to top up electronic bracelets used to pay for food and drink with no cash or cards accepted inside, and finally for drinks themselves.
Sometimes technology is unnecessary.
Advertisement
This system is also another way to further clip the ticket, with each patron forced to pay an additional $4 before buying anything. Easy extra revenue it would seem.
Despite the weekend selling out, with 24,000 tickets said to be purchased for each of the two days, the stands were never full. That is largely the way with this event here, especially with bars and dance floors stationed out the back of stands.
Like it or not, New Zealand's leg of the sevens has never been solely about the rugby. In truth, for the vast majority, it is a party. Take that away and, as Wellington found out, the event will die.
On the whole, it was great to witness a return to the colourful festivities that once made the capital one of the favourite stops on the circuit.
The crowd and atmosphere built as the day progressed, with everyone from Hugh Hefner to the Teletubbies generally in good spirits after organisers went to mid-strength beers - somewhat prematurely - around 2pm.
Live music – a mental band of course in the 'tron – and a DJ entertained during breaks in play.
As party goers belted out 'buffalo soldier' in the fading sun, the revival of the sevens was near complete.
The final piece of the puzzle came from the largely impressive New Zealand team. Sure they stumbled in last weekend's quarterfinal, and must yet repeat Saturday's efforts in the knockout rounds, but this team appears to have turned a corner under Scotsman Clark Laidlaw.
The ease with which they strolled past France (52-17) and Scotland (24-5) was no fluke. As fatigue set in for their final match they fell off too many tackles but showed character and composure to come from behind and overhaul Argentina 17-12 in the dying stages.
This team is superbly led by captains Scott Curry and Tim Mikkelson. Playmaker Vilimoni Koroi is a magician with ball in hand. And, in his second tournament, 18-year-old prodigy Etene Nanai-Seturo showed with two superb right foot steps and one audacious bump off just what a talent he is.
"He's got some good footwork but what people don't see is the counter ruck at the end which potentially won us the game," Laidlaw said of the youngster's effort against Argentina. "He's working hard and fitting in really well. With everything going on he's doing really well."
New Zealand should take confidence into their quarterfinal, having knocked over England in the last three tournaments.
Fiji and South Africa, the two other unbeaten teams on day one, look the major threats.
"Argentina had a lot of balls and caused us problems and England are the same but we feel we've got some options in attack that can stress them.
"Playing really well on day one doesn't mean anything for day two. Quarterfinals are different as we found out last week. We've had a bit of rhythm in all games and we showed a way to win in the last one so that was encouraging.
"The atmosphere has been amazing. You look at the surface… one of the teams thought it was astro. Everything around the stadiums has been as good as anywhere on the circuit. It's great for our home tournament to be putting on such a show."
Fiji enjoyed huge support – on par with New Zealand. Their 26-15 victory over last week's fatigued- champions Australia, who took some traditional trans-Tasman jeering from locals, had everyone on their feet.
After a difficult period, Gordon Tietjens' Samoa won two of three games, including an upset over the USA which forced the highly-rated Americans to contest the minor placings, and set up a quarterfinal with Fiji.
For punters day two means shaking off hangovers and slipping back into grimy outfits.
Many will be hoping Laidlaw's men can now kick on to put the finishing touch on a seemingly invigorated event.
Hamilton sevens Cup quarterfinals:
Fiji v Samoa (12.36pm)
New Zealand v England (12.58pm)
Kenya v Australia (1.20pm)
South Africa v Scotland (1.42pm)
Fans at day 1 of the New Zealand Rugby Sevens in Hamilton. Photo / Photosport
To get the day's top sports stories in your inbox, sign up to our newsletter here
DALLAS (AP) — Two Dallas police officers have been critically wounded in a shooting outside a hardware store.
The shooting happened about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday outside a Home Depot in northern Dallas.
The Dallas Police Department tweeted about the shooting, giving the conditions of the officers. But it did not immediately provide other details.
The department tweeted that a civilian was also shot. That person's condition wasn't immediately known.
Aerial video showed police using a helicopter and trained dogs to search for a suspect in a wooded area next to the store parking lot.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers heading to Birmingham Airport are being advised to allow extra time following lengthy delays during the rush hour.
There are delays of one hour and 15 minutes on the M42 northbound between junction one for Bromsgrove and junction five for Solihull.
Motorists on the southbound carriageway are also experiencing delays due to the hard shoulder not being in use in both directions between J5-J6 (for Birmingham Airport and Coventry ).
There are no incidents to report and the cameras show this may simply be due to sheer weight of traffic on the roads this morning.
The traffic is also affecting drivers joining the M42 North from the M40 at J3A.
There is also heavy traffic on the A38 between B4184 New Road and A448 Stratford Road / Regents Park Road.
This is causing congestion on A448 Market Street to B4091 Stourbridge Road / Birmingham Road.
The situation is also affecting surrounding roads within Bromsgrove.
Vouchers worth €120 were stolen from a car parked in Kill. The incident happened on June 29 between 11 and 11.45am. The car was parked near the primary school in the village and back window was smashed before the items were removed from the boot.
Former president Robert Mugabe returned home yesterday to face a torrent of allegations, inflamed by the recent bomb explosion that rocked the second city of Bulawayo on June 24, claiming two lives.
The 94-year-old teetotaller, who was receiving medical attention in Singapore, is being viewed with suspicion by his former allies in Zanu PF, who accuse him of working against President Emmerson Mnangagwa's administration.
In the wake of the bomb attack at White City Stadium, relations between the Mugabes and the so-called “new dispensation” plumped to their lowest depths, with Mnangagwa's government accusing the former first family of having been behind the blast.
Government claims the attack, which injured over 40 people, including Vice President Kembo Mohadi and Environment, Water and Climate minister Oppah Muchinguri-Kashiri, was an attempt on Mnangagwa's life.
Although police are still searching for clues in a bid to nail those behind the attack, Mnangagwa has set the cat among the pigeons by claiming that he has a hunch that Mugabe's allies, who go by the moniker Generation 40 (G40), were behind the dastardly incident.
Asked during a BBC interview if he trusted Grace, Mugabe's wife, Mnangagwa said he could not trust a person who attacked him before being silenced by guns.
“On what basis would I trust someone who was used by a cabal (G40) to say things that had no basis?” he said.
A source close to the Mugabe family told the Daily News that the former first family was unperturbed by the allegation, and was expected home yesterday.
The Mugabes boarded their flight back home from Dubai yesterday where they are understood to have a holiday home.
“He (Mugabe) is coming back home. There is no-where else he can go because this is his home; whatever threats may come from government, he is coming back home,” said the source.
Presidential spokesperson, George Charamba, was not immediately available for comment yesterday as he is accompanying Mnangagwa to the 31st Ordinary Session of the African Union Summit in Mauritania.
Before he rose to power through a military intervention that toppled Mugabe in November last year, Mnangagwa and some of his key allies had been hounded out of government and Zanu PF on allegations of scheming to topple the despot, who ruled Zimbabwe for 37 years.
At the time, G40 had made it clear that Mugabe was going nowhere, although it was quite apparent that the faction was also doing the bidding for Grace to succeed her husband ahead of Mnangagwa, who had the backing of the Team Lacoste faction.
Less than two weeks after he had been fired from the ruling party, and skipped the country into neighbouring South Africa, Mnangagwa made a dramatic comeback to assume the top office through a military intervention that forced Mugabe to resign.
Mugabe has described the new dispensation as illegitimate and is linked to the National Patriotic Front — a political outfit that emerged post the military intervention to contest for power.
He has repeatedly called for the country to return to “constitutionalism”.
His fallout with Mnangagwa's administration has been worsened by indications that the former first family has warmed up to the MDC Alliance led by Nelson Chamisa ahead of the July 30 polls.
Mugabe's nephew, Patrick Zhuwao, who is one of the alleged G40 kingpins, wrote to British Prime Minister Theresa May recently warning her that Mnangagwa could use the Bulawayo bomb blast to go after his perceived enemies, including Mugabe.
“Mnangagwa's interview that was aired on BBC on June 27, 2018, places the blame for the Zanu PF bomb explosion on what the BBC referred to as ‘... Grace Mugabe's faction' on the basis of what Mnangagwa said was a ‘hunch without evidence'. Although that laughably ridiculous reference has spawned a social media parody under the hashtag ‘MyHunchWithoutEvidence', my knowledge of the way Mnangagwa operates is that he is planning to launch a crackdown in the same way that he has done over the last 38 years, notably in 2008 and during the Gukurahundi massacres,” said Zhuwao, a former Cabinet minister, in a letter to May.
According to Zhuwao, the fact that Mnangagwa attributes blame to a broad group of people on the basis of his hunch without any evidence was an ominous signal to those people that he intends to target them and their communities with violence akin to that of 2008.
“The use of the BBC to disseminate that ominous message is meant to communicate that, like during the Gukurahundi massacres, Mnangagwa has the unconditional support of the British government. The implication is that your government will turn a blind eye on the abuse of the tragic Zanu PF bomb in Bulawayo to violate human rights in the same way that the British government turned a blind eye on the Gukurahundi massacres,” said Zhuwao.
Another G40 functionary, Jonathan Moyo, said Mnangagwa's administration was now seeing ghosts everywhere.
“After the White City blast, nightmares about fake Mugabe meetings and sending criminals who failed to get pieces of the Njelele stone for him by dynamiting the Shrine last week, Mnangagwa has now chickened out of rallies earmarked for him in Matabeleland,” said Moyo. Daily News
MODESTO, Calif. (AP) — A Northern California city has agreed to pay $2.65 million to the family of a mentally ill Gulf War veteran fatally shot by police in 2014 after his family called 911.
The Sacramento Bee reports Tuesday the agreement between the city of Lodi and the family of Parminder Singh Shergill settles a federal lawsuit the family filed accusing the officers of excessive force.
Shergill was killed after his sister-in-law called 911 and said he was a paranoid schizophrenic who was "going crazy" and was attacking his mother. Shergill's family says he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder after participating in Operation Desert Storm in the 1990s.
Officers fatally shot Shergill as he walked through his neighborhood after they said he charged at them with a knife. Shergill's family disputes that account.
Advertisement
___
Information from: The Sacramento Bee, http://www.sacbee.com
Katie Couric returns to 'Today' show as guest co-anchor
hello
FILE - In this May 3, 2016, file photo, Katie Couric attends the LA premiere of her documentary "Under The Gun" in Beverly Hills, Calif. Couric returned to the "Today" show Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, to co-anchor for the first time since she left the program in 2006. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Longtime "Today" show viewers are being treated to a familiar sight this week as Katie Couric returns to the co-anchor chair for the first time in more than a decade.
Couric rejoined Matt Lauer on Monday to begin a weeklong stint on the NBC morning program. She told Lauer, "It just feels like I never left." She has made cameo appearances on the show in recent years, but Monday was her first time as a guest co-anchor.
Couric co-hosted "Today" with Lauer and his predecessor, Bryant Gumbel, from 1989 to 2006. She left NBC to become anchor of the CBS Evening News and is now with Yahoo News.
Couric is filling in for Savannah Guthrie, who's on maternity leave. Another former "Today" co-anchor, Meredith Vieira, will fill in next week.
Director of rugby Rassie Erasmus exudes an implacable calm which, if replicated by his players, would suggest Munster is in a good place mentally ahead of Saturday's Champions Cup semi-final against Saracens at the Aviva Stadium.
There is no bemoaning fate, fickle or otherwise, which is viewed as emotion wasted in pursuit of the uncontrollable. Erasmus's disposition doesn't flicker as he sifts through the casualties, offering a prognosis on whether they will be present or not at the weekend.
Duncan Williams, who pulled out of Munster's victory over Ulster on the Friday, the day before the game, could have played despite his groin issue but with Conor Murray's continued shoulder issue and likely absence, a prudent approach significantly outweighed any inclination to play him.
While Murray's obvious ability casts a long shadow, Williams has been a very capable deputy, responsibility sitting more easily on his shoulders than perhaps at any time in his career.
Erasmus, who works with him on a daily basis, was asked what Williams brought to the team dynamic. He replied by posing a few rhetorical observations.
“Well, he's 32-years-old, [so] experience. How many games has he played for us, just this season? How many try-saving tackles has he made?
“I think, for me, he is one of the unsung heroes. I've said it a few times, I know there are people who differ, but I see him sitting doing video sessions and his contribution, on and off the field and his knowledge of the game is really top notch. He'll put up a good show and I have full confidence in him.
“The thing that Duncan brings to the table is sometimes the non-flashy stuff, which really gels a team together.”
Erasmus eschewed the notion of a direct comparison, style-wise between Williams and his Saracens counterpart, Richard Wigglesworth.
“Wigglesworth has certainly got a great box kick, tremendous pass, he snipes around the ruck, he puts the guys into roles whereas Duncan plays a totally different game, a more physical game, sometimes he mixes it up with the forwards.
Emotional pitch
“We'll have to combat Wigglesworth in other ways; it shouldn't be only Duncan's problem. If you go right through that Saracens team, there are so many threats.”
A key factor for Munster at the weekend will be to find the right emotional pitch, guaranteeing the requisite intensity without becoming overly fixated to the detriment of their composure with and without the ball.
“I guess that's the challenge, to stay on task and things that worked for us, keep on doing them. We have to focus on them, if we don't stop the things they are doing well, we'll lose the game.
“One of the things they do well is the intensity they put on to whatever you're trying to do. I must say, when I look at Saracens, apart from their tactical and individual brilliance, every game they've got higher intensity than the opposition.
“I guess that's because they've got a squad that's been building over years and the can rotate and lose players and the next guy will step in. That will probably be the biggest thing. I wouldn't worry about our guys being overly motivated because you're going to need that to match Saracens.”
Erasmus is a fan of the way the English club play the game, especially a rugby league style attack.
“They do it perfectly, probably the best, especially off third or fourth phase, when it looks unstructured and they seem to find structure in chaos.
“We must try and find defensive structure when they're doing those things. Of course, if you try to figure out what mini-move they're doing, they have so many different options and they always seem to pick the right one.
“Those will be the kind of things we will try to contain and then, most importantly, when we have the ball we must execute as well.
“I think they started out as a team who suffocated and strangled teams out of life, hope and belief during matches. Now they've developed into a team that does that but when they're on attack they have these almost rugby-league mini moves which seem to come off, then matching that with a great kicking game and great finishers.
“They are one of the most complete teams, I'm talking Southern Hemisphere with Super Rugby, the Crusaders, those kinds of teams, the Brumbies at their best. They are right up there and I think the way they've contracted and balanced their squad with foreign players and building momentum, squad size, that's the team everybody aspires to be like at this stage.”
It all leaves Munster with plenty to do ahead of the weekend.
On the speculation linking him with a return to South Africa to coach the Springboks at some point, speaking to TV3 Erasmus said: "There is really nothing happening on that front. I'm signed here with Munster.
"One day I want to go back to South Africa and I would never close that door myself because I would like to coach the Springboks if I am good enough; so that is why it is not a straight out 'no.' So I would never stand here and say I wouldn't go back because one day I would like to go back."
Lee's Summit R-7 Families Invited To Use My School Bucks To Track Their Children's School Meals August 12, 2017
Lee's Summit R-7 School District families have the opportunity to track their children's school lunch and breakfast purchases, check meal account balances, receive low-balance alerts and pay for meals through a web-based program known as My School Bucks. The convenient meal online payment and monitoring program is available on the R-7 Nutrition Services webpage (upper right portion of page) at http://leessummitschoolnutrition.com.
By using My School Bucks, families have a safe and secure option for managing their children's school breakfast and lunch payments via their digital devices. Parents receive their own secure login and create a password. The option to track accounts, monitor student cafeteria purchases, check balances and receive low-balance e-mail alerts is free. A $1.95 transaction fee is charged for online payments.
Cambridge blacksmith key to top performer going into big Classic in sparkling condition.
Wind the clock back two years on today's $250,000 Livamol Classic and Volkstok'n'barrell would be the $2.50 favourite.
Okay, things have not gone right during that time with the grand performer.
He sits at $6 behind the raging favourite Gingernuts. But, according to co-trainer Chris Gibbs, you can also wind Volkstok'n'barrell's condition back a couple of years.
Advertisement
"He's going into this race in sparkling condition. I don't want to put the hooter [bad luck] on him, but if he gets decent footing he's going to be right in this."
The majority of the problem has been in Volkstok'n'barrell's feet.
"He got sick in Melbourne then his feet gave trouble. His four-year-old career was basically wiped out. We got him back to win the group one Herbie Dyke at Te Rapa, but he still wasn't right."
Boutique Cambridge blacksmith Kim Hughes entered the scene and although now only in an advisory role, things started coming right.
"We sent videos down and Kim tampered around and got things going and our blacksmith has gone down to see him for advice and gradually the problem has been righted."
The writing was there to see when Volkstok'n'barrell galloped between races a couple of Ruakaka meetings back. It was the most free he has been in his action in the last two years.
"In recent seasons he always changes stride to his inside leg 50m from the finish, but that day at home he stayed on his outside leg and gallops beautifully and strong to the line. Whatever was worrying him, now isn't."
The issue this time will be the track conditions. "The better the track, the better he will go," predicts Gibbs.
The official Hastings rating yesterday was a good 4. Showers appeared to be on the way overnight, but the serious rain is forecast for later today.
The importance of that is Gingernuts, unlike most of the opposition, will not be wiped out by a rain-affected track. He handles all types of footing and an off-track will allow him to better come from the back, which he will have to do from his barrier draw.
Chance to Dance is one of Lloyd Williams' sell-on horses with plenty of ability. He faces a much better field then he beat at Pukekohe last start, but you had to be impressed with the way he found the finish after looking 50-1 about 10 strides out. Also, he had not had much racing and you could expect improve on that run.
On a day when Winx will capture all the attention, there is good racing throughout the Hastings card.
On the Winx subject, interesting that she has eased slightly in betting and former Kiwi Humidor has tightened in from $5 to $4.20.
There have been several mentions, mainly from Australia, that Winx has not previously raced at Flemington. There is no track that is more fair than Flemington. Winx has already won two Cox Plates on a track that can beat some horses, Moonee Valley. If Winx is beaten it won't be Flemington than beats her.
Early in the Hastings programme Killarney (No4, R2) is worth a look. He's not a 1400m horse, but trainer Roger James has had an issue or two with him and had to be careful. He's a back runner and will be suited by the small field. Back him here and follow up next time.
Don't be fooled by the fact Sacred Rebel (No9, R3) sole win was on a slow track. The day he scored that victory at Te Rapa they ran the 1200m in 1:11.6. He has subsequently been beaten on two tracks that were too wet for him. If the rain stays away he can be right in this.
Camino Rocoso (No7, R6) did not fill a place when resuming at Ruakaka, but it was not a bad run and he will have improved dramatically from it. He is a bit of class and expect a big effort from him here. The $4.20 yesterday looked a good risk, particularly on a $1 a win and $2 a place proportion.
For a horse has not run a place in two starts, Lubaya (No9, R7) is probably a touch of unders, but her run in the Gold Trail Stakes against better opposition over a trip too short was smart. She's one to follow.
Francaletta (No10, R8) cost punters plenty when beaten into fourth at Manawatu last start, but stay with the ship. With the potential of some give in the surface she should shine this afternoon.
A police officer who pulled over an unlicensed driver went the extra mile when he paid for and helped the woman sit her driver's licence test.
Highway patrol officer Senior Constable Neale Williams pulled over the Hamilton mother in January when he recognised the car she was driving as one he earlier impounded.
To help get the driver back on the road legally Williams acted as a reader for the woman, who did not want to be named, during her theory test to overcome literacy problems that had held her back in the past.
And when she failed he paid for her to retake the test immediately – and she passed.
Advertisement
"The reward was the look on her face," Williams said. "For most people it might not be a big thing, but for her it was like winning Lotto."
When Williams pulled the car over last month the woman gave false details and was arrested.
It emerged she had been disqualified from driving eight years earlier and had never tried to requalify because she was embarrassed by her problems reading and writing.
"I phoned NZ Transport Agency and confirmed what she had to do to obtain her licence," Williams said.
"She didn't know you could have a reader at the test. I offered to be hers."
Williams then recommended an app and the woman studied road theory with the help of her son.
A week later on January 31 she sat the test with the senior constable reading the questions.
"My shift was changed so I could get there," Williams said. "She failed with 31 out of 35 - you're only allowed to get three wrong. She had clearly studied, though, as the mistakes were silly ones.
"She couldn't afford to pay for the test again so I paid for a second go. I thought if we don't do it now it'll go into the too-hard basket. Second time she passed with room to spare."
Williams then took the woman to the Hamilton Central Police Station and helped her with appeal forms for the return of her impounded vehicle.
The woman, who had been before the courts in the past, still faces charges of driving while forbidden and giving false details.
"I hope this positive experience of police will help her see us as 'not the problem' and that she'll continue to take the right steps," Williams said.
Although the case might appear trivial compared to other police work, Williams said it was about making a difference.
"If we can't invest a little time and effort in people, what hope is there for them?"
The woman said through police she has now booked the practical part of the requalification test for next week.
"He was so cool," she said of Williams. "I'm so thankful to him. I gave him a big hug and there were a couple of tears."
Williams' supervisor, Acting Sergeant Will Hamilton, said the episode was "the perfect demonstration of the essence and spirit" of police work.
"Senior Constable Williams has set the bar for going the extra mile and delivering the outcomes we all strive for," he said.
"I'm proud of and him and will continue to enable and support him to produce positive outcomes like this."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Las Vegas Metro police were on scene in the east Las Vegas Valley on Saturday afternoon after a woman was found dead. (Gai Phanalasy/FOX5)
Las Vegas Metro police said a man was arrested in connection with the death of his roommate.
Police arrested 22-year-old Malcolm Aubry for open murder.
Police responded on Saturday at noon to the 3000 block of South Nellis Boulevard, near Vegas Valley Drive, after an employee at the apartment complex contacted Aubry, who had blood on his body. Aubry was asking for help for his roommate, who was also previously identified as his girlfriend.
Officers arrived and found Aubry covered in blood inside the apartment. Inside a room, officers found the woman deceased with significant trauma.
An investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Metro's Homicide section at 702-828-3521. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingham City?
Zola accepts the frustration of the fans
Watch Zola confirm his resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City legend Martin O'Connor believes that the Blues job needs to be given to someone with experience if the club are to retain their Championship status.
Blues parted company with Gianfranco Zola last night after the Italian resigned with the club just three points above relegation.
The former Blues skipper told Radio WM: "It is unfortunate, Gianfranco Zola came with expectations and took over at a time when the club was doing well.
"The players were confident and the fans were behind the manager, it just hasn't worked.
"He has tried hard which professional footballers turned managers do tend to do.
"The results just haven't come in for him.
"He came into the club with his own ideas and they perhaps didn't marry with the squad he had.
"They are not the type of players that could adapt to the free-flowing expansive style of play he wanted.
"The players do have to take some of the responsibility.
"It would be a big thing to give it to Robbo, yes he is at the club and knows the players, but there is still a possibility of relegation and it needs experience to steady the ship and get us over the line."
Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment market refers to the tools and equipments used to detect, dispose and provide protection during explosive disposal operations. The global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment market has been segmented by equipment type, application and geography. On the basis of equipment type the market has been segmented into portable X-ray systems, projected water disruptors, bomb containment chamber, EOD suits and blankets, EOD robots, explosive detectors and search mirrors among others. The EOD market on the basis of application has been categorized into defense and law enforcement. North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America are the various regions covered within the scope of research. Furthermore, a cross sectional analysis has been provided for each of the reports covered within the scope of research.
Factors such as police forces modernization programs and defense modernization programs are also expected to drive the demand for Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) equipment. Various defense agencies across the globe are striving to equip their forces with modern equipment in order to counterterrorist intrusions. For example, large numbers of military organizations and law enforcement organizations have adopted military EOD robots. These robots can be programmed according to a given situation and can also be repurposed in a short time. Moreover, recent surge in number of terrorist attacks have also boosted the demand for EOD in recent years. The rise of various terrorist outfits such as ISIS and Boko Haram are constantly conducting coordinated country-wide attacks against the governments across the globe.
Report For Report Sample: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
These organizations are targeting malls, schools and embassies among others. As a result of these factors, defense organizations are increasingly adopting EOD equipment to counter the terrorist attacks. Furthermore, the joint efforts taken by various countries such as the U.S., Russia and France among others to curb terrorism have further resulted in an increased demand for EOD equipments. These factors in combination are expected to propel the demand for EOD equipment throughout the forecast period.
However, defense budget cut by governments of various countries is restraining the demand for EOD equipment globally. For example, there has been a 31% defense budget cut in the U.S. military spending from 2010 to 2016
Significant opportunities exist for the EOD equipment market as a result of continuous research and development initiatives undertaken by various manufacturers. Research and development is directed toward improving existing features as well as developing new advanced features. For example, in January 2014, DetectaChem launched a handheld explsoive detector called the SEEKERe. The SEEKERe has been designed and developed in accordance to the specifications requested by the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD).
The company profiles of the major players in the global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market across five major geographic regions namely North America, Europe, Asia Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa and Latin America has been extensively covered under the purview of the study. Moreover, the business strategies being adopted by the major players in the market have also been included in the report. The market attractive analysis has also been provided in the report for providing a detailed insight into the global EOD equipment market.
The market dynamics, which includes the market drivers, restraints and opportunities, has also been included under the scope of the report. Market dynamics help to understand the current trends in the global market by providing insights of the distinctive factors that influence the growth of the specific market. Thus, this report provides an inclusive study of the global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market and also provides forecast of the market for the period from 2015-2023
Some of the major players operating in EOD market are: iRobot Corporation, Safariland, LLC, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Scanna Msc Ltd., NABCO, Inc., United Shield International Ltd, Reamda Ltd., API Technologies Corp., Du Pont (E.I.) De Nemours and Cobham plc among others.
Request Report Discount: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
The global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market has been segmented into:
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Equipment Type
• Portable X-ray Systems
• Projected Water Disruptors
• Bomb containment chambers
• EOD Suits and Blankets
• EOD Robots
• Explosive Detectors
• Search mirrors
• Others
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Application:
• Defense
• Law Enforcement
Global Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Equipment market, by Geography:
• North America
o U.S.
o Canada
o Others
• Europe
o United Kingdom
o France
o Germany
o Russia
o Others
• Asia Pacific
o China
o India
o Japan
o Others
• Middle East and Africa
o U.A.E.
o Israel
o Others
• Latin America
o Brazil
o Argentina
o Others
Report Analysis: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114589/Explosive-Ordnance-Disposal-Equipment-Market
× Oklahoma police officer shoots 70 year old man wanted for stalking
TONKAWA, Okla. — A police officer shot and wounded a 70-year-old man wanted by authorities in Kansas following a traffic stop in Oklahoma.
The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation said in a statement Saturday that Ronald Dean Minix was stopped by an officer in Tonkawa, along Interstate 35 in the northern portion of the state. The city is about four hours southwest of Kansas City, Missouri.
Authorities say Minix put a gun to his head during the stop late Friday. The officer fired his own weapon, hitting Minix in the hand. The man was hospitalized. His condition is unknown.
It wasn't clear what prompted the officer to fire his weapon. The officer's name hasn't been revealed to the public.
Before the traffic stop, Kansas authorities notified police that Minix may be in Tonkawa. He's wanted in Kansas on a warrant for stalking.
What is going on at Ryanair now?
Its Irish-based Ryanair pilots have called a one-day strike on Thursday, July 12th and it will throw the holiday plans of thousands of Irish people into disarray if it goes ahead. There is also a possibility the strike might widen in the weeks ahead and affect other Ryanair bases across Europe.
What is the strike about?
A dispute over pilot seniority is at its core. All but one of the 95 Ryanair pilots based in Dublin who are also members of the Irish Airline Pilots' Association (Ialpa) have voted in favour of industrial action as they seek a seniority agreement covering base transfers, promotion, annual leave and other issue governed by length of service.
What have the airline said about the action?
It has called the strike unnecessary and says it has given Fórsa ( the union group representing IALPA) proposals on union recognition, base transfers, a seniority list for Irish pilots and annual leave. “Ryanair has invited Fórsa to meet to discuss these proposals on 18 separate occasions but Fórsa have failed to reply or take up any of these invitations to meet,” the airline has said.
I am due to fly on the 12th. Is my flight affected?
It is too early to say. There is more than a week to go before the strike and both sides would most likely prefer to avoid it so you might get lucky.
But surely all flights will be grounded if the pilots are on strike?
That is not how things work at Ryanair. The fractured nature of its employee network means that many flights could still take off. Some pilots are employed directly by the airline. Some are contractors and - effectively - self-employed. Of the airline's 300 or so pilots operating out of Dublin, less than a third voted for the industrial action. However, those who have voted for the action are all captains and are essential to operate aircraft.
So when will I know if I am caught up?
If a stalemate persists, Ryanair will have to make alternative arrangements and it will have to start cancelling flights out of Ireland on the day of the strike. It has pledged to contact customers next Tuesday should the July 12th strike go ahead.
Could the strike widen?
That is always possible and it is a volatile time at the airline. The German pilots union says it Ryanair members are voting on a possible strike in a ballot that will run to the end of July, following what it called the failure of talks on improved pay and conditions. Trade union sources have said pilots in other European countries could follow suit.
I thought that Ryanair was fiercely anti-union?
It was - in fact it probably still is but times change. For many years it refused to negotiate with unions but in recent months it has been forced to change its policy and accept the reality of collective bargaining as pilots have grown more powerful as their skills have become more in demand.
What do I do if my flight is cancelled due to the strike?
Under EU Regulation 261 airlines must offer passengers affected by cancellations a full refund or a rerouting on the next available flight or at a later time that suits the passenger. If you opt for a refund the airline's responsibility to you ends. If you ask to be put on the next available flight then the airline must provide care and assistance until you can be accommodated on an alternative flight.
What does care and assistance mean?
If you are overseas and trying to get home - or indeed in Ireland and trying to get home - the airline must provide you with meals and refreshments. If necessary it will have to cover the cost of hotel accommodation and transport between the hotel and the airport and you will have to be offered two free telephone calls and access to email.
What happens if my flight is not cancelled but I face a long delay?
If you are facing a delay the airline must also provide you with care and assistance. If you are left hanging around in an airport it must cover reasonable cost of meals and refreshments. If your flight is delayed by more than five hours an airline must offer you the choice of continuing with your journey or a refund of the cost of your ticket.
If I am overseas and can't get home, what can I do?
If the airline does not provide the care and assistance it is legally obliged to at the moment you need it, you should make your own reasonable arrangements and retain all receipts and use them to claim back the reasonable expenses.
What if I can get a flight with another airline that gets me how sooner?
There has been a change in tone across airlines in recent months and where once they would not allow passengers facing long delays book with other airlines they tend to do so now but you should always check with Ryanair that they will cover the cost retrospectively and get that in writing.
How do I claim back expenses?
Passengers should send copies (it is very important the original documentation is never sent in case it goes missing) of all receipts to the airlines on which they booked flights. Submissions should also include booking references, passenger names, original and new flight details.
Am I covered by my travel insurance?
It is possible but not likely. Most policies have a get-out clause and don't cover industrial action.
Am I entitled to compensation outside of reasonable expenses from Ryanair?
That is most unlikely. If you are affected by flight cancellations or long flight delays as a result of this strike action and seek compensation it is only likely to be granted after an investigation.
Karl Marx famously wrote that everything in history happens twice: the first time as tragedy, the second as farce. But in Ireland's current predicament, we might well think of one part of our modern history happening twice: the first time as tragedy, the second as a smart political drama. The part of history I'm thinking about is the notion of Ireland as the anti-England. It was a bad idea that might now be a good idea.
Being the anti-England is not about being anti-English. Irish Anglophobia is dead and if it ever stirs again we should place another stake through its heart, just in case. What's at play is something different: a way of thinking about Irish identity that was summed up with typical pithiness by Samuel Beckett when he was asked “Vous êtes anglais?”: “Au contraire.” Irishness, in one deep stream of thought and feeling, was the opposite of Englishness.
England was urban; so Ireland had to create an image of itself that was exclusively rustic. The English were scientific rationalists; so we had to be the mystical dreamers of dreams
Identities are often defined by what they not, and this form of negative self-identification came naturally to an Irish nationalism struggling to break the link with a country that dominated not just us but much of the world. In our dictionary, “us” could be defined simply as “not them”.
It worked in so many ways. England was Protestant; so Catholicism had to be the essence of Irish identity. England was industrial; so Ireland had to make a virtue of its underdeveloped and deindustrialised economy. England was urban; so Ireland had to create an image of itself that was exclusively rustic. The English were scientific rationalists; so we had to be the mystical dreamers of dreams. They were Anglo-Saxons; we were Celts. They had a monarchy, so we had to have a republic. They developed a welfare state; so we relied on the tender mercies of charity.
Nonsense
Most of this was nonsense of course. Actual Irish people quietly chose to live in urban, industrial, welfare state England. But nonsense can be powerful. The idea of being the anti-England hung around like a bad smell long after it had ceased to have any purpose.
It locked Ireland for far too long into a sectarianism that equated Irishness with Catholicism and into the lie that the misery of rural poverty was really a mark of national nobility. It allowed us to devalue science and exalt the irrational. It convinced us that we actually had a republic merely because we didn't bow before the English throne. It excused the slow and inadequate development of a state that places public welfare at its heart.
Brexit and the English nationalism that underlies it are redefining England for the rest of the world as an angry, hostile, unlovable place
The gradual demise of the mentality in which Ireland was merely the opposite of England has done us nothing but good, even though it could be argued that we've never managed to replace this negative identity with a fully positive one. So why the hell would we want any part of it back? Because, of course, Brexit and the English nationalism that underlies it are redefining England for the rest of the world as an angry, hostile, unlovable place. And it's vital for Ireland that we are clearly distinguished from that new English identity.
This – to stress again – has nothing to do with hostility to England or the English. Geography, history, economics, politics, family, friendship and common decency all give Ireland an overwhelming interest in England's prosperity. There is no satisfaction in seeing our neighbours harm themselves by adopting forms of national self-assertion that we know from our own experience to be self-destructive. Ireland should and will do everything it can to keep England as close as possible to the European Union and as alert as possible to the dangers and delusions of reactionary nationalism.
"Brexit and the English nationalism that underlies it are redefining England for the rest of the world as an angry, hostile, unlovable place. And it's vital for Ireland that we are clearly distinguished from that new English identity." File photograph: Victoria Jones/PA Wire
But this goodwill on our part may have very few practical consequences. Brexit may well prove to be unstoppable and we have to react it to it by thinking again about how we want to be seen in the world. The State has, so far, reacted by making the world, and especially our fellow EU members, acutely aware of how closely our fate is tied to England's, how much their decisions are our destiny.
Define ourselves
This is quite right, not least because it's obviously true. In the longer term, however, we also have to do something else. We have to define ourselves for the rest of the world as not-England. This is not just about being a separate space; it is about being an opposing kind of space. We have to write “Au contraire” on our banners again.
But this time the words, ironically enough, must themselves have a contrary meaning. They have to imply the opposite of what they used to suggest – not that Ireland is enclosed but that it is open, not that we have a monolithic religious and ethnic identity but that we are enthusiastically pluralist, not that we look inwards but that we look outwards, not that think we can revert to a 19th century nationalism but that we assert our national independence through solidarity and co-operation, not that we are in thrall to dreams but that we understand our own and the world's realities.
It is as absurd as it is sad that we've reached a point where these qualities would make Ireland so radically unEnglish.
The AA is warning the public mood will turn "really dark" if Auckland motorists aren't seeing any benefits of the regional fuel tax by the end of the year.
Aucklanders will be hit with a 11.5c a litre rise as soon the regional fuel tax comes into effect on July 1, with petrol companies saying they will be passing the full increase on.
And there will be more pain when prices rise by as much as 4c a litre again on October 1 if the first round of three national fuel excise increases is implemented following a policy statement announcement at the end of June.
The Government has indicated the increase will be 3-4c every year for three years.
Advertisement
Worries have been raised about the impact on Aucklanders and especially the city's poorest.
READ MORE:
• Auckland Council gives green light to 11.5c fuel tax to hit motorists on July 1
• Barry Soper: The hypocrisy of the Govt's petrol tax position
• Aucklanders to have said on regional petrol tax before knowing how it will be spent
• Ken Shirley: Fuel tax poorly thought out solution to transport costs
A clear majority of 13 to 7 councillors voted in favour of implementing the regional fuel tax today, but a south Auckland councillor who voted against it raised concerns the poorest residents would be hit hardest.
Auckland Council voted to approve the regional fuel tax, which will take effect from July 1 once it passes through Parliament.
The tax, which adds 10c to every litre of fuel sold in Auckland plus GST, was approved by councillors at a budget meeting today, which will now go to Parliament for approval.
AA spokesman for Auckland transport Barney Irvine said the double-whammy of the two taxes was a lot to ask of Auckland motorists.
"I don't think anyone's very happy about having to pay more at the pump but I think most Aucklanders would look at this and say 'okay, if it's going to help improve the transport system I'm prepared to pay for it, albeit grudgingly'."
The AA was worried the mood among motorists would turn sour if tangible improvements to Auckland's congestion weren't noticeable by the end of the year, Irvine said.
Big projects would obviously take longer, but Irvine wanted to see small improvements like smart traffic lights and adjustable median barriers implemented within six months.
"If they don't the public mood is going to be really dark."
The AA is calling for a 12 month review of the regional tax to make sure it is working as intended and that companies are not "price spreading", a practice where the price of fuel was hiked by less nationally to keep prices competitive in Auckland, the country's largest fuel market.
Irvine said the AA also didn't want the Government to lose sight of the possibility of implementing a congestion tax in future - an alternative tax which was less "blunt" than an across-the-board tax hike.
If the regional fuel tax wasn't seen to be improving on Auckland's congestion problem quickly the public mood could turn "really dark", the AA's Barney Irvine said.
Worries tax increases will hit the poorest hardest were raised during today's vote.
Manurewa-Papakura councillor Daniel Newman, the only councillor to advocate for higher rates as the way forward, said the tax would lead to a redistribution of wealth from some of the poorest people to those who have the greatest wealth and choice.
"I don't think that is fair," he said.
Petrol companies spoken to by the Herald today said they would be passing on the full cost of the regional fuel tax immediately, either at the pump or in wholesale fuel prices.
"10c a litre is not something I think anybody could absorb overnight," Gull boss David Bodger said.
"The Government's decided Auckland needs more money and they need more money and we will unfortunately be passing that on to the poor motorists."
BP and Z Energy, which also owns the Caltex brand, would be passing on the full amount of the tax to consumers which was standard practice, spokeswomen for both companies said.
BP 2Go stations like this one are independently owned and set their own retail prices, but the company will hike the cost of its wholesale fuel to owners.
BP 2Go and Caltex stations are independently owned and operated and owners would set prices at their discretion, but the price of wholesale fuel would be bumped up by 11.5c a litre.
All BP Connect and Z Energy stations would have their set on July 1 to reflect the tax increase immediately.
"We run a high cost, low margin business, so there's no buffer in our profit margin to reasonably absorb an increase such as this," Z Energy spokeswoman Sheena Thomas said.
In response to questions about price spreading, BP spokeswoman Leigh Taylor said beyond the first implementation of the tax "market forces" would dictate the price.
Even with the best idea in the world, a promising start-up can be knocked off course by an unforeseen development.
Oisín Ryan and Leonardo Correa are the founders of ServiceDock, a customer feedback and service management platform designed for multi-location businesses such as retail chains and restaurant groups. This revenue-generating two-year-old company has already attracted the attention of high-profile operators in food and retailing. Eddie Rockets and Mothercare are customers and two more well-known names in the home entertainment and DIY sectors respectively are currently trying the platform for size.
ServiceDock is the story of a start-up that has hit the sweet spot and has raised more than €400,000 in funding to develop its platform. However, it hasn't all been plain sailing. Ryan and Correa didn't wake up one morning with the word “Eureka” ringing in their ears and a perfectly-formed product ready for market. In fact, their idea has been through three substantial rethinks and they credit their involvement with another start-up, Localmint, as both the catalyst for starting ServiceDock and a valuable source of information when it came to determining exactly what sort of product customers would buy.
Ryan and Ranga Vadhineni founded Localmint in 2013 and Correa was their lead developer. Localmint is still a going concern and is an online directory that helps consumers find local retailers and restaurants easily from any device. When Localmint was launched, no one else was collating opening hours or making it seamless for consumers to find stores from wherever they were. The Localmint platform filled this gap and the founders were confident they had the makings of a profitable business. At its peak in 2015, Localmint employed five full-time staff and had two million active monthly users. Then something unforeseen happened: Google began providing a similar service.
Double-edged sword
“In effect growth slowed down because of competition, particularly from Google when it started showing opening hours in search results. Google is a double-edged sword. It can help you grow your business but it can also kill it, so we had to start looking for other opportunities,” Ryan says.
“Initially we started working on a customer service messaging app, a bit like WhatsApp for business, but soon discovered it is incredibly difficult to get a product like that off the ground without an existing user base. A real chicken-and-egg situation; so we had to think again.
“From there we pivoted to a customer service platform for large enterprises. This meant abandoning our own messaging app and repurposing the web admin we had developed so that it worked with Facebook Messenger, an app that already had hundreds of millions of users, so no more chicken and egg. This was somewhat successful and we had paying customers.
“However, continuing to target the utility and financial services companies that had shown an interest in our app was a mistake. These companies do not move fast and gradually bigger players integrated with Messenger. Our first-mover advantage quickly disappeared and we struggled to see how we could differentiate our offering in the long term.”
The founders went back to the drawing board and drew on their experience with Localmint for the inspiration for their third product, a customer feedback and service platform for multi-unit businesses. “Consumers were always mistakenly sending Localmint feedback about individual stores within the major chains. We used to send it on to them and most were really happy to get it. This suggested there was demand for a better solution from both sides,” Ryan says. “We combined this insight with our messaging platform to create ServiceDock.”
Ryan says reacting quickly to Google's arrival on their patch was critical. “Metrics don't lie. If things don't add up, you can see it pretty soon and it will become almost impossible to persevere. In our case the analytics were telling us there was a problem and we needed to regroup.
“My advice to others would be to make the call as early as possible because a pivot generally means taking two steps backwards to take one step forwards. You need time, money and energy to do that and all of those things will be in short supply if you leave it too late,” he adds. “Be open to new opportunities and have a plan B. We were able to go from customer service to customer feedback overnight because we had already done some customer validation tests a couple of months before we made the final decision to pivot.”
ServiceDock may be a young company but its product is resonating with retailers because it is offering bricks-and-mortar businesses something they don't currently have – a store-specific customer feedback and messaging solution that's similar to that offered by companies trading online.
Integrated platform
“No one has focused so specifically on building a customer engagement platform for multi-location businesses before. No one has identified messaging as an effective means of capturing customer feedback in physical locations. No one is facilitating store-specific messaging. No one has thought to integrate customer feedback and service into the same platform. We do all of this,” Ryan says.
“Our product is useful for any business with multiple consumer-facing business locations that want to improve the customer experience,” he adds. “To date we have focused on getting people using the platform in Ireland, but it's a very scalable solution and we are starting to look at the US. We were recently asked for a demo by one of the largest and most iconic retailers in the world – with nearly 10,000 stores in the US alone – which was surreal but is indicative of the strength of our offering.”
The company has spent about €200,000 developing the platform so far with most of this coming from angel investment. “As far as multi-location customer service goes, we cannot see any direct competitors in the market,” Ryan says. “It is possible to message specific locations through some mobile apps – such as Yelp – but we are really competing with the phone call and email.
“The other big learning for us from what we've been through is platform risk. While Google was instrumental in growing traction [search engine optimisation] and generating ad revenue for Localmint, we relied too heavily on it. What Google gave us with one hand it took away with the other. With ServiceDock there was a temptation to build an absolutely amazing product on Facebook Messenger and stick with that, but I am very reluctant to put the company in a similar situation.
“That's one reason why we are also working with Twitter and our own web messenger. We also plan to integrate with WhatsApp when they open their API [application programme interface] and have some other interesting channels coming online shortly.”
In keeping with its resolve to give “wings to aspirations” across the globe, Sahara Group, a leading International Energy and Infrastructure Conglomerate, joined Mercy Ships and other global partners to celebrate the Cargo Day 2018 in Geneva on May 17, 2018.
The Cargo Day is an initiative of Mercy Ships, a corporate responsibility organisation that works with host nations to help fill the gaps in healthcare systems, while serving the dire and immediate needs of their population. Observed in several countries, Cargo Day is set aside to celebrate the partnership between Mercy Ships, shipping and trading communities in the pursuit of facilitating access to quality healthcare, especially in the remote and rural areas of Africa.
Sahara Group's affiliate in Geneva, Sahara Energy International Pte Limited, is one of the key partners of Mercy Ships and leading trading companies in Geneva. The company is also involved in other initiatives that are geared towards promoting enterprise, environmental protection, economic empowerment and transparency in business. Since 1978, Mercy Ships has provided services and materials in developing nations valued at over $1 billion impacting more that 2.5 million direct beneficiaries, through 587 port visits.
Sahara Energy's Chief Executive Officer, Valery Guillebon, said the company was delighted about its partnership with Mercy Ships and the impact of the Cargo Day on the quest to make quality healthcare available to underserved and indigent populations in Africa.
“At Sahara Group, we are passionate about empowering lives and providing platforms to help people overcome challenges in order to live their dreams. We continue to do this at our locations across the globe and we remain committed to supporting the Cargo Day project.”
Guillebon added:” Our partnership with Mercy Ships is quite special and we derive so much pleasure from seeing smiles on the faces of beneficiaries and hope restored to many beneficiaries with serious medical and surgical challenges. We salute the leadership of Mercy Ships, other partners and pledge Sahara's willingness to support the organisation and similar life transforming initiatives in Geneva and beyond.”
Speaking on its partnership with Sahara Energy, René Lehmann, Managing Director of Mercy Ships Switzerland said: “From the very beginning of the Mercy Ships Cargo Day initiative, Sahara Energy understood the value and the potential of their support. Not only did they contribute financially, but also with resources made available to the Mercy Ships Cargo Day Committee, they actively networked and engaged their partners in order to make the initiative a success this year and the years to come. We look forward to much more lives changed together!”
Sahara Group's Corporate Citizenship activities are driven by Sahara Foundation. The Foundation has a notable pedigree of implementing sustainable interventions in education, health, capacity building, environmental protection, youth empowerment, and extrapreneurship in over 20 countries where it operates, across six sub-continental regions.
Sahara Group plays a global role in the pursuit of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) as a member of the United Nation's SDG Fund Private Sector Advisory Board. The Group is also a member of the World Economic Forum Partnering Against Corruption Initiative (PACI).
Dive Brief:
An anonymous university once had 5,000 network-connected devices hacked, and is now one of the primary case studies on IT infrastructure and system vulnerability for higher education.
Campus Technology profiles the network breach, and details how a botnet invasion slowed network speed and connectivity by routing devices to look up a specific DNS at regular intervals.
Officials reversed the breach by forcing users with weak or compromised passwords to create new ones ahead of a second wave of attacks.
Dive Insight:
Attacks on campus networks are becoming more of an unfortunate reality for institutions across the country, and with significant cuts being made at public and private colleges, the chances that these institutions might be able to afford personnel or systems to effectively counter all attacks remain slim.
Through fundraising or legislative lobbying campus leaders must communicate the urgency of funding a strong IT response and maintenance team. Without it, the personal data of thousands of students is at imminent risk, and could be a source of public contention and litigation if schools do not take the necessary precautions to preserve them from international hacking attempts.
White House doctor Ronny Jackson's appointment as secretary of veteran affairs appears to be in jeopardy after the US senate delayed a key vote on his appointment and president Donald Trump implied that Mr Jackson may withdraw from the process.
The senate veteran affairs committee had been due to hold a hearing on his nomination on Wednesday, but it was delayed after allegations emerged that he resided over a hostile work environment as the White House physician and allowed the over-prescription of drugs. Allegations about his drinking habits also resurfaced, the New York Times reported.
Asked about the matter during his press conference with French president Emmanuel Macron, Mr Trump said he stood by Mr Jackson, describing him as a “high quality person”. But he said if he was Mr Jackson, he would not want the job.
“I don't want to put a man through a process like this . . . it's too ugly and too disgusting,” said Mr Trump. “He is a fine man. I'll let it be his choice.
“If I was him, the fact is I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for, to be abused by a bunch of politicians who don't think nicely about his country. I really don't think personally he should do it, but it's totally his [decision].”
Glowing health report
Mr Jackson, a rear admiral in the Navy, famously gave Mr Trump a glowing health report card as he briefed the media on the results of the president's medical exam earlier in January. Mr Jackson also served as White House doctor under Barack Obama.
He was named as the president's pick to replace David Shuklin as the secretary for veteran affairs, after Mr Shulkin was fired by the president last month.
The deepening controversy over Mr Jackson emerged after a key senate committee backed Mike Pompeo, Mr Trump's nominee, to become the next secretary of state, in a major boost for the president.
The senate foreign relations committee endorsed the current director of the CIA for the position after Rand Paul, a Republican senator who had threatened to block his appointment, decided to endorse the nominee at the last moment.
Mr Paul, who opposes American intervention in Iraq and elsewhere, said he had changed his mind after speaking to the president. “President Trump believes that Iraq was a mistake, that regime change has destabilised the region and that we must end our involvement with Afghanistan. Having received assurances from president Trump and [CIA] director Pompeo that he agrees with the president on these important issues, I have decided to support his nomination,” he said in a statement.
The committee vote paves the way for Mr Pompeo's confirmation when a full senate vote is held this week.
A defeat at the foreign relations committee would have been the first time a nominee for secretary of state had been opposed by the committee.
The controversy over Mr Jackson's appointment comes as the senate prepares to hold a confirmation hearing to assess Mr Pompeo's proposed replacement at the CIA. Gina Haspel, a CIA veteran, is likely to face tough questioning over her role in the use of torture by the agency.
Roads are closed on Mahia Peninsula as Rocket Lab hopes it will be fifth day lucky for its launch attempt.
Weather today is fine after yesterday's scrub because of deteriorating conditions and the proximity of the orbiting 450-tonne International Space Station (ISS). Bad weather also prevented launch over the weekend.
The 108m wide station orbits at 400km above Earth, about the same altitude Rocket Lab wants to reach to deploy small satellites.
A spokeswoman today said the ISS was another factor that played into when Electron could launch.
Advertisement
''Within our launch windows there are certain times we can't launch as we wait for satellites and spacecraft (such as the ISS) to pass. As a result, our launch window gets broken into several smaller windows where there is a clear path to orbit,'' she said.
''We had several of these clear windows yesterday and we are aware of when these will be well in advance of a launch attempt. However, as the weather began to close in it overlaid some of these clear windows, leaving us just a narrow six-minute window that was both clear of ISS movements and weather.''
So Rocket Lab chose to hold off until today.
Preparations are under way for a launch from 2.30pm but it could, however, be scrubbed within seconds for technical reasons or because of a shift in weather conditions.
Rocket Lab says it will issue more updates and livestream details throughout the day. The launch will be available through nzherald.co.nz.
The New Zealand-founded company successfully reached space in May, in a global first from a private launch facility.
A communications glitch meant the flight had to be terminated before reaching orbit but Rocket Lab founder and chief executive Peter Beck has said while thrilled with the first launch, the company has learned from thousands of pieces of data.
The 17m-tall Electron orbital launch vehicle will carry two Earth-imaging Dove satellites for Planet and two Lemur-2 satellites from Spire for weather mapping and ship traffic tracking.
If needed, the company will launch a third test flight but it is keen to accelerate its transition into full commercial operations.
BOCA RATON, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have identified a male teen's body found behind a Mizner Park restaurant, Saturday morning.
According to officials, 18-year-old Shayan Mortazavi, a Lynn University student, died after apparently falling and landing behind Truluck's, a steak and seafood restaurant, the Palm Beach Post reported.
His body was found by park security and a cleaning crew, the Palm Beach Post added.
Please check back on WSVN.com and 7News for more details on this breaking story.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luxury carmaker Jaguar Land Rover has begun advertising online again after it was caught up in a row over funding terror.
The manufacturer was one of a number of major firms which The Times claimed were unwittingly advertising on videos posted online by the likes of Islamic State and East African jihadist group Al-Shabaab.
The newspaper claimed the adverts for the Jaguar F-Pace had appeared on YouTube next to a pro-Islamic State video.
Other firms named by the newspaper as being caught up in the embarrassing episode include Mercedes-Benz, Honda, Waitrose and the charity Marie Curie.
Some advertisers have reportedly blamed programmatic advertising which has automated the process of placing adverts on websites.
The Times claimed the adverts were likely to generate tens of thousands of pounds a month for extremists, with an advert appearing alongside a YouTube video earning terrorists around £6.10 for every 1,000 views.
Some extremist videos have more than one million hits online.
JLR, which employs thousands of people in the Birmingham area, enforced a temporary suspension of all its digital advertising in the UK on February 10, before resuming the following day after a review of its online verification and brand safety processes.
ISBA, an advertising industry body has issued guidelines to firms to try to ensure that adverts were not placed on inappropriate sites.
A statement from JLR said: "Jaguar Land Rover was very concerned by reports in The Times which claimed that advertising featuring our brands might benefit extremist and other inappropriate online media as an unintended consequence of algorithm technology used on some video-sharing websites.
"We take our brands' reputation very seriously and placed a temporary hold on UK digital advertising activity, while seeking and gaining assurance that we could resume it safely.
"We restarted digital advertising on February 11 and continue constructive discussions with YouTube about improved third-party verification on their site. We are aware of the risks that digital advertising brings.
"In partnership with our paid-for media agency Mindshare, we have already invested in developing practices to minimise the risk of our brands being associated with inappropriate content.
"These include thoroughly checked lists of 'clean' sites, third-party verification technology and checks on surrounding content.
"Where tools are in place to protect our brands, we will apply them to safeguard our advertising."
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester City and Liverpool linked full-back Serge Aurier is considering leaving Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season.
The 24-year-old defender has remained an integral part of Unai Emery's team this season, but there are suggestions that the constant spotlight on his performances and the criticism is taking a toll on him.
He remains a regular at PSG, but according French sports daily L'Equipe, the defender is considering his future at the club and could leave during the summer transfer window.
The PSG hierarchy remain close to the player and are expected to work hard to convince Aurier to continue at the club but it seems a transfer could be on the cards in the coming months.
The Parisians also offered him a new contract in recent days, but Aurier is yet to put his signature on the papers and there are suggestions it might be too little too late.
Manchester City and Liverpool are keeping close tabs on his situation in the French capital and if Aurier decides to leave the Premier League duo are expected to make a play for him in the summer.
European giants AC Milan and Barcelona are also interested in snapping up 24-year-old from PSG and are keeping a close watch on proceedings at the Parc des Princes.
Dive Brief:
Students who are dealing with changes at home due to parental incarceration can develop behavioral problems in class and become careless about their academics, but districts are responding with extra mentoring, clubs and teacher training.
District Administration reports counselors in Pennsylvania's Harrisburg School District lead small, trauma-focused discussion groups for students with incarcerated parents, and the National Resource Center on Children and Families of the Incarcerated offers training resources for teachers, including strategies like recognizing warning signs in students and adopting inclusive language to talk about caregivers.
Many districts have longstanding partnerships with local nonprofits to run student support groups, and San Francisco and Washington State are among the jurisdictions where schools are facilitating parent-teacher conferences between teachers and incarcerated parents — either in person or by phone.
Dive Insight:
About 1 in 14 kids has a parent who has been incarcerated. In predominantly black and Latino communities, that portion is even higher. Because families are not required to disclose parental incarceration, schools can find it difficult to identify students for extra services and supports, but that's one area where teacher training can help.
Anna Haskins, an assistant professor of sociology at Cornell University, has studied the particular impact paternal incarceration has on young boys. Looking at boys ages 1 to 5 years old, Haskins found paternal incarceration can be tied to greater non-cognitive behavioral problems, which in turn contribute to more frequent placement in special education classes by the time these kids turn 9. Her research emphasizes the importance of beginning interventions early in elementary school. Waiting until middle or high school can be too late.
Manchester City 2 Burnley 1
This hard-fought win left lingering uncertainty over just how good are Pep Guardiola's Manchester City. There was little of the pass-and-move play the manager yearns for and though victory is the bottom line no hard evidence exists to show City will secure a Champions League place, never mind the title.
With Ilkay Gündogan out for the season Guardiola could ill-afford to lose another midfielder. Yet off went Fernandinho in the first half for a second Premier League red card (and third in all) to rule him out for four games, this taking City's tally to seven dismissals.
City were gifted the ideal moment to blow away the defeat at Liverpool during the first exchanges. A poor pass from Ben Mee ceded possession and suddenly Kelechi Iheanacho was in on Tom Heaton's goal. The goalkeeper smothered the Nigerian's shot and when the ball travelled to Yaya Touré he might have taken aim. Instead, he passed to Raheem Sterling and when the forward let fly Heaton once more saved Burnley.
Seconds later Touré easily turned the Burnley defence and slipped in Iheanacho but Michael Keane made the block when Iheanacho finally tried a shot.
Kevin De Bruyne then fired at George Boyd and this became City's tale: a series of letdowns near Burnley's goal. When Sterling led a breakaway following a rare Burnley corner his pace took him deep into away territory. Yet after the ball went to Jesús Navas the Spaniard's left-foot cross lack conviction.
Navas was one of four changes Guardiola made for the match. He dropped David Silva, John Stones, Sergio Agüero and Pablo Zabaleta and in came Iheanacho, Bacary Sagna and Gaël Clichy.
Fernandinho was sent off in the 32nd minute after he tackled Johann Berg Gudmundsson with both feet raised and was shown the red card.
ADVERTISEMENT
It seemed the correct decision. From this point City became more ragged. The first half ended with Aleksandar Kolarov, De Bruyne and Sterling all having been outmuscled. Only Touré had been an asset against a Burnley side who offered scant threat.
Guardiola may have fired a few rockets at his side during the interval. He also admitted his mistake in selecting Navas and Iheanacho as on came Agüero and Silva. City failed to capitalise on a dangerous De Bruyne free-kick that dipped in from the right. The manager had implored the City crowd to make more noise but after a brief increase in volume they became just as passive as their team.
If the idea of introducing Silva was to increase the tempo there was an early sign it may work. His interplay with the under-par De Bruyne led to the ball being under Aguero's feet in the area but Stephen Ward cleared. Now, though, came the opener. Sagna floated in the ball from the right. This went clear across the area to Clichy. After a shimmy the left-back let go with his right foot and scored only the third goal of his City career.
Four more later the lead was doubled. De Bruyne raced forward and delivered his best pass of the match. Sterling received and advanced on Heaton. The forward fell over, which allowed Heaton to stab at the ball but it went to Agüero and his shot pin-balled off a post and Matthew Lowton's arm to make it 2-0.
The goal took Agüero to 17 for the season and to third on the list for the club, equal with Colin Bell's 153 strikes.
At this point City may have coasted home. Instead Burnley pulled one back. Claudio Bravo flapped at a corner and from the ensuing melee Mee forced the ball home – marginally, goalline technology showed. City were not happy and surrounded the assistant referee Ian Hussin and Mason, which led to Sagna's booking.
Keane went close for Burnley but City clung on. However, Guardiola must be concerned at precisely where they go from here.
(Guardian servcie)
After listening to hours of public comment, the council votes unanimously not to proceed with a public planning process
The Goleta City Council sent a firm message to developers Tuesday night: Bishop Ranch, 240 acres of sprawling open space off Glen Annie Road, will stay undeveloped — for now.
Goleta's agricultural history was not lost on any of the city officials, who voted unanimously not to move forward on a public planning process.
More than 100 people packed into the council chambers to listen to public comment, and Mayor Margaret Connell began the meeting by saying the council had received at least 300 emails, letters and other comments on the issue, “and they're still coming in.”
“This is an important project that people care a great deal about,” she said.
Bishop Ranch 2000 LLC, the development company behind the application, was seeking to put a mix of residential units, a community commercial center, community amenities and public works infrastructure on the property.
Because the land is zoned for agricultural use, Goleta's General Plan would have needed to be amended to allow the project to proceed. Earlier this year, the company submitted an application to the city asking for those amendments and for a development agreement.
Planner Anne Wells reminded the City Council on Tuesday that 1,300 residential units are already in the pipeline.
“Most of our vacant land is under some form of review,” she said.
An agricultural study was conducted to evaluate the conditions on the property, which has been fallow for 15 years. It determined that 67 acres of the property have the potential to be classified as “prime” agricultural soil. However, the property has only enough water rights to support 25 acres of agriculture per year.
Bishop Ranch developer Michael Keston began his presentation Tuesday night by saying that no sustainable farming operations had taken place on the property in 40 to 50 years.
“Agriculture is not economically viable on the 240-acre Bishop Ranch property,” he said.
Cities are facing tough financial times, Keston added, and the project would bring in millions of dollars for city transportation, local schools and the Goleta Water District.
Keston presented several options, including a plan calling for 1,195 housing units. Workforce housing would be part of the plan, and Keston said sale prices would range from $320,000 to $900,000, and more than 50 percent would fall under the affordable housing category.
A second plan would reduce the number of units to 895 units and include 120 acres of open space. Hiking and walking trails also would be opened up to the public, he said.
But the lure of development dollars didn't sit well with many at the meeting. Dozens of attendees wore green stickers emblazoned with “The Goodland Coalition,” a group that organized to oppose the development.
Speaker Charlene Luna encouraged the council to preserve the property as agriculture. Luna, a longtime resident, said that after driving back from seeing her mother “in that ghetto called Santa Barbara,” she's always glad to be home.
“(Bishop Ranch) is the jewel of Goleta Valley,” she said. “We aren't called the Good Land for nothing.”
Joe Armendariz spoke on behalf of the Santa Barbara County Taxpayers Association and urged the council to move forward.
“Initiate the process, get the information,” he said. “We have a fiduciary responsibility to listen to all arguments and make an educated decision.”
Former City Councilman Eric Onnen also spoke, with a blistering admonishment to initiate the process.
“Don't tell us the ties of our history are more important than planning our future,” he said.
Another speaker, Brooke Bulkley, bristled at Keston's approach.
“We've seen this before,” he said, conjuring up images of developers approaching areas such as More Mesa and the Carpinteria bluffs. “They all convince you that we should just fall down on our swords because our community will fail without it. The whole country right now is in a state of pause, and I suggest you do the same. ... This place is a treasure.”
City Councilman Michael Bennett spoke first after the hours of public comment ended, saying he couldn't support initiation. Development may be appropriate in the future, but “not tonight and not tomorrow,” he said. “When something's gone, you've lost it forever.”
Councilman Ed Easton said he wasn't convinced about the need for new housing.
“Ample land is zoned already, with approved densities,” he said. “This is too big a change to the city to make all at one time.”
Connell thanked city staff and the developer.
“We've seen an outpouring on this issue over and above anything we've seen for many years,” she said. “I do believe It's important to listen and bow to the will of the community.”
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Haley Peterson is features editor for The Charger Account at Dos Pueblos High School. Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Ramaleela, starring Dileep in the lead role, had hit the theatres on September 28, 2017 as one among the four major Malayalam movie releases of the Pooja Season.
The highly anticipated film of Dileep, directed by debut film-maker Arun Gopi had opened on a positive note upon its release. The Dileep starrer fetched unanimously positive reviews with the film finally bagging the title of a perfect political thriller.
Ramaleela did get a dream run at the theatres with the movie overpowering all the other Malayalam movies, which released during the same time. Now, here is a major update regarding the movie. Rumours are abuzz that the Dileep starrer might soon be remade in Telugu.
Kalyan Ram Is Interested In A Remake? If reports are to be believed, popular Telugu actor and producer Kalyan Ram has expressed his keen interest on remaking the film in Telugu. Reportedly, a special screening of the film was held for some of the friends of Kalyan Ram.
No Official Confirmations Meanwhile, there hasn't been any official confirmation regarding the remake. Neither the makers of Ramaleela nor Kalyan Ram has made any official announcement regarding the same. If reports are to be believed, the project is only in the discussion stages.
Dileep Movies Getting Remade In Telugu Well, it is not for the first time that a Dileep starrer is getting a Telugu remake. In the past, Dileep's Bodyguard was remade in Telugu with the same name and featured Venkatesh in the lead role. Now, the Telugu remake of Dileep's Two Countries is gearing up to hit the theatres soon.
Ramaleela Box Office Ramaleela did get a sensational run at the box office. According to trade reports, the Dileep starrer went on to join the coveted 50-Crore club at the worldwide box office and emerged as one among the top grossing Malayalam movies of the year.
Ramaleela was produced by Tomichan Mulakupadam under the banner Mulakupadam films. The Dileep starrer also featured Prayaga Martin, Kalabhavan Shajon, Raadhika Sarathkumar, Siddique, Mukesh, Vijayaraghavan etc., in important roles.
A South African under 15 rugby side's 221-0 win has stirred a debate about introducing a 'mercy' rule into youth matches.
The South African interschools rugby record books were rewritten over the weekend when Bloemfontein's Grey College annihilated renowned KwaZulu-Natal school, Glenwood.
Two 1st XV coaches from South Africa believe this should have been prevented.
Grey's seventh and sixth open side teams also scored big victories, winning 164-0 and 152-0 respectively in the U16 age group, while Grey's C-team won 150-0 and the fourth team claimed a 147-0 victory.
Advertisement
Diamantveld High coach Jaco Dames slated the referee and both schools for games reaching over 100 points being allowed to continue. Dames said the results are humiliating for youngsters and will prevent them from continuing to play the game.
Grey College's director of rugby, Wessel du Plessis, agreed with Dames.
Du Plessis said he would've stopped the game if he was aware of what was going on at the time.
"I definitely would have stopped that 200-point game had I been in close proximity to the field where they played," Du Plessis told Netwerk24. "After a while, the Glenwood players just stood there and refused to play further. It must have been so humiliating for them and their supporters."
CARSON CITY, Nev. (AP) " The Latest on a legal fight over Nevada's recreational pot industry (all times local):
3:35 p.m.
A judge won't throw out a lawsuit from a powerful liquor lobby that wants a piece of Nevada's new recreational marijuana industry.
A group of independent liquor wholesalers say the ballot measure that voters approved last November legalizing recreational pot makes it clear they're the only ones that can distribute the product for retail sales scheduled to begin July 1.
Advertisement
State lawyers tried to persuade Carson City District Judge James Wilson on Tuesday to dismiss the lawsuit and allow existing medical marijuana dispensaries to serve as their own middlemen in recreational sales.
Wilson refused. He left in place an order he issued May 30 that blocks any licensing until he holds a daylong hearing next Monday.
____
1:35 p.m.
A judge in Nevada is trying to decide whether the state's first sales of recreational marijuana should begin as scheduled July 1 despite complaints from alcohol distributors.
Lawyers for the liquor distributors and the Nevada Department of Taxation are expected to go before Judge James Wilson in Carson City on Tuesday to argue the case.
Wilson granted a temporary restraining order May 30 blocking licensing of pot distributors under the ballot measure voters approved in November.
The liquor distributors argue the law dictates they get the first shot at the equivalent licenses for recreational marijuana.
The state says it has the authority to license medical marijuana dispensaries to play that role on a temporary basis from July 1 through Dec. 31.
The Nevada Cannabis Coalition says any delay could cost the state millions of dollars a month in tax revenue targeted for schools.
DJ Flava
This weekend, Drake rocked the stage at Coachella in Indio, California but his stay at a country club nearby was far from pleasant.
The rapper accused The Madison Club, a private residential community in La Quinta, California of racial profiling stating, “The most offensive place I have ever stayed at in my life with staff who pick and choose who they are going to accommodate based on racial profiling,” Drake captioned an Instagram image of The Madison Club's logo.
Despite reaching commercial success, Drake's post and delete shows us that fame and fortune does not protect you from discrimination.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Wander Minnesota: The Science of PixarThe Science of Pixar at the Science Museum of Minnesota will thrill fans (of all ages) of the legendary animation studio.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett says that he can sympathise with Brentford counterpart Dean Smith after 10-man Bees were beaten at Pride Park Stadium.
Sergi Ramos was shown a straight red by referee Peter Bankes in the 23rd minute after a challenge on Marcus Olsson was deemed dangerous.
After treatment, Olsson was able to continue - but Rowett, who has seen his Derby County side involved in some questionable refereeing decision lately - says it was a close call.
"It looked to me as thought it was going to be one of those games," he told BBC Radio Derby.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
"I felt as though we looked a little reluctant to move the ball quickly but that's going to happen.
"You could argue that the sending off was a turning point. If I'm being really honest, the red card didn't look anything overly dangerous. I don't think that the replay was at a great angle and I can sympathise with Dean Smith."
Rowett, whose side remain second - a point ahead of third-placed Aston Villa, was pleased with his side's goals.
"The first one was from a set piece and I'm pleased for (goalscorer) Tom Huddlestone. He's been getting a bit of ribbing in there (for not yet scoring for the Rams)," said Rowett.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
"For the second one...there were a lot of passes involved and I was delighted that Vyds scored from the penalty spot.
"I didn't want Vyds going too long without scoring. I'm pretty sure that, had he not scored, then his head would have gone down again."
Norwich City visit Pride Park next Saturday and Rowett stressed the importance of beating Brentford after successive draws.
"Brentford created one or two moments that could have made the game edgy," he said.
"Today felt really important after drawing the last couple of games. I didn't want anyone getting edgy.
"We just have to keep working hard to keep that up."
Calls for a vote on a united Ireland at this “sensitive juncture” of the Brexit negotiations, now or in the near future, are “not wise and not welcome”, Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs Simon Coveney has said.
Mr Coveney was delivering a keynote speech on the Government's Brexit policy at the British Irish Chamber of Commerce annual networking dinner in Dublin.
Shailesh Vara, parliamentary under-secretary of state for Northern Ireland, also addressed the event, on the British government's commitment to avoiding a hard border on the island of Ireland.
Following the referendum on the Eighth Amendment to the Constitution last weekend, Sinn Féin vice-president and leader in the North, Michelle O'Neill, called for a referendum on a united Ireland.
“We can see the support for a sensible Brexit outcome in all communities in Northern Ireland, where a recent high-profile poll puts support for staying within the Single Market and Customs Union at 85 per cent,” Mr Coveney said. “But we should also be understanding of the sensitive juncture which we're at. Calls from some quarters for a Border poll now or in the near future are not wise and not welcome.”
Thriving relationship
Mr Coveney told the attendees the Government continued to do everything in its power to ensure the relationship between Britain and Ireland would thrive following Brexit.
But he added: “We should not confuse optimism and positivity over future relations with any naivety over current talks. On the contrary – we are clear-eyed that greater intensity and realism needs to be brought to bear. And also that this needs to happen urgently.
“It is acknowledged now that the EU and UK teams have not made the headway since March that we had hoped they would,” said Mr Coveney. “In response, we have made two things very clear. Firstly, that significantly more progress must be made on the protocol on Ireland and Northern Ireland before the June European Council. And secondly, that there will be no final withdrawal agreement, in October or at any stage, without that backstop on avoiding a hard border.”
He said that backstop should now be the “highest priority”.
The Minister emphasised the importance of delivering on commitments already made, and “the overarching guarantee of no physical infrastructure at the Border and no associated checks or controls”.
He said progress in the negotiations since March had been too slow and that “significantly more by way of agreement is needed ahead of the June European Council”.
Mr Coveney noted that those at the dinner represented some of the 38,000 Irish companies now doing business in Britain.
He said they exemplified the mutually beneficial trading relationship Ireland and the United Kingdom enjoyed, a relationship worth more than €65 billion each year, which sustained more than 400,000 jobs across both islands.
CHICAGO (AP) — Workers at Chicago hotels now have "panic buttons" to summon help if needed.
An ordinance that took effect this week requires hotels to provide the buttons. They're intended to protect housekeeping staff and others who work alone in guest rooms from sexual harassment and other crimes.
A survey of 500 workers conducted by Unite Here Local 1 found 58 percent reported they've experienced at least one incident of sexual harassment by guests. The most common was guests answering their door naked.
The buttons trigger a message to the cellphone of the employee's supervisor, manager and human resources department and provide the employee's name and location.
Advertisement
Karen Kent is president of Unite Here Local 1. She says it's "a new day for women working in Chicago hotels."
There is a side effect to removing historic statues that might not be immediately obvious: cost.
Besides the arguments on historical value and the importance that carries, each statue can cost tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to remove. And the government passes on that expense to you.
You may remember the recent statue removal in San Antonio, which removed its lone Confederate monument last month from Travis Park. On Monday, city officials there found out that it cost nearly $260,000 to take out the statue! And that's for the removal, police on site, and putting in some new shrubbery to replace it. Those costs, at least in the reports out so far, don't include storage cost or destruction of the statue.
Now the left might view that as a low cost to destroy history but that is money you're having to spend. Don't forget, it's your tax dollars being wasted here.
The post Removing Confederate Statues Is Expensive! appeared first on The Lars Larson Show.
The major driving factor for the remote weapon station market is the increasing need for remote weapons station in the defense forces across the globe. The remote weapons station helps the military troops efficiently during close-in combat situations. Owing to this fact, the demand for remote weapons station is increasing among the defense forces in the developed as well as developing nations.
Moreover, rise in political conflicts, and regional conflicts in different parts of the world is also increasing the usage of remote weapon stations by the homeland securities and law enforcement agencies, which is boosting the market to grow over the period.
The growth of market for remote weapon stations is hindered by the high development cost of the stations. The remote weapon stations consist of various expensive sensors and fire control systems which increases the price of the ultimate product. This in turn limits adoption rate of the systems among the defense forces in many emerging nations.
The increase in military spending to innovate and develop robust weapon systems in order to modernize the defense forces across the globe is acting as a major opportunity for the market for remote weapon stations. This is attributed to the fact that, the developed countries such as the U.S, the U.K, Germany, Russia, China among others and developing countries such as India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, and South Africa among others are investing substantial amounts in developing latest technology weapons which include remote weapon stations.
The growing investments in the research and development among the defense forces are expected to boost the market for remote weapon stations in the coming years. In addition, the growing demand for remote weapon stations in the emerging countries such as India, Japan, Saudi Arabia, and Brazil in order to equip the defense forces and homeland security with the latest weapons and armaments, is also anticipated to bolster the remote weapons stations market.
Brochure With The Latest Advancements and Application https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=27452
Due to the growing demand for long range lethal weapons, the medium caliber segment led the market and is expected to lead the market in future. In terms of application, the remote weapons station market is bifurcated into military forces and homeland security. The military forces dominated the market in the past, due to increased usage of active weapons and non-lethal weapons in the defense forces across the globe. The platform segment in the remote weapons stations market includes airborne, naval and land.
The land segment sis further segmented as main battle tanks, armored personnel carriers. The naval segment is subbed segmented as remote gun turret and close-in weapons stations. The land segment dominated the market in 2016 and is expected to retain its dominance over the period due to increased focus on close combat warfare systems, and demand for soldier safety on a battleground.
Table of Content For Detail Analysis https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=27452
Geographically, the market for remote weapons stations is categorized as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. The huge investments from the U.S in order to develop technologically robust weapon stations led North America to dominate the market in 2016, while continuous focus on up gradation of weaponries is helping the Europe market for remote weapons stations to grow in future at a faster rate.
The major players operating in the field of remote weapons staions across the globe are Raytheon Company (U.S), Elbit Systems (U.S), Kongsberg Gruppen (Norway), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S), Leonardo S.P.A. (Italy), Rafael Advanced Defense Systems (Israel), Rheinmetall AG (Germany), BAE Systems Plc (U.K), Saab AB (Sweden), Aselsan A.S (Turkey) and others.
*says Nigerian Airforce carries out free surgeries on 201 IDPs
By Evelyn Usman
Chief of the Air Staff, CAS Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar , yesterday in Lagos boasted that that the Military had substantially degraded the capacity of the Boko Haram group to an extent that it can never work as an organized fighting force as it used to , in the North East region of the country.
This is just as he disclosed that the Air Force had concluded free surgical operation on 201 Internally Displaced Persons in the North East region of the state, as well as the deployment its medical personnel to various airports and airfields, to provide medical cover to troops and civilians within host communities in the region.
Air Marshal Abubakar who made the disclosure while declaring open the 2017 African Partnership Flight , with the theme ‘ Aeromedical Evacuation and Medical Deployment ‘ at 631 Aircraft Maintenance Deport , Ikeja, said “looking at where we are coming from in the last three years. I can tell you that we have substantially degraded the capacity of the Boko Haram to move as an organized fighting force.”
African Partnership Flight , a combined military training organised by the United States Airforce in Europe , in partnership with Nigerian Airforce according to the CAS, was designed to enhance African regional cooperation, as well as to build capacity in the aviation sector.
He noted that globally, the concept of regional forces had gained recognition as the best approach towards solving common security issues “ since the most prevalent form of warfare in contemporary times is asymmetric in nature and often transcended international boarders.
“ For instance, the allied Forces that prosecuted the Gulf war of 1993 against Iraq was a coalition of forces from NATO nations and other European countries. The Multinational Joint Task Force of the Lake Chad Region is another example , which involves troops from the countries bordering the Lake Chad. This is for the common goal of stamping out Boko Haram insurgency in the North East of Nigeria. It is therefore important that contiguous nations should pool their resources together to ensure a synergy in their operations.”
Nothing that the theme of the four-day event could not have been more appropriate considering the great need for proper medical care in and outside the theater of operations, he said that the NAF was also not unmindful of the dire need of the IDPs, as it had embarked on several humanitarian programmes among which were the establishment of the Nigerian Air Force Emergency hospitals at Bama and Dalori , where free medical care are provided , in addition to regular outreach programmes as well as the introduction of free feeding to primary schools in various IDP camps .
In his keynote address, Governor Akinwunmi Ambode of Lagos state commended the armed forces for defending the nations against external aggressors, nothing that armed forces all over the world had continued to maintain the traditional role.
But the governor who was represented by the Commissioner for Special Duties and Intergovernmental Relations, Mr. Oluseye Oladejo, noted that “ With the changing trends in modern warfare, armed forces have been further saddled with the tremendous responsibility of providing regional security through multinational joint forces.
“However, the major problems confronting such multinational forces are usually differences in doctrines, training, weapon, language and cultures, thus, underscoring the need for constant joint training to enhance interoperability”, he said, expressing optimism that the outcome of the event would further build the capacity of the NAF personnel “ in their untiring efforts at reaching IDPs and other non-combatant.”
Also in his remarks , the Director, Plans, Programs, African Partnership Flight , Brigadier General Dieter Bareihs, expressed hope that the gathering of armed forces drawn from five countries which included Chad, Benin Republic , Niger Republic, Nigeria and the United States, would provide an opportunity to strengthen relations among participating countries as well as increase aviation capability and capacity .
Last October, US president Donald Trump visited Puerto Rico for a photo op, 13 days after Hurricane Maria had ripped across the island, leaving its residents, communities, roadways and power grid in tatters.
“I've been to Puerto Rico many times as, I think, most of you have known. And I've always loved it. And your weather is second to none, but every once in a while you get hit. And you really got hit,” Trump told the crowds greeting him.
“Every death is a horror. But if you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina, and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people that died, and you look at what happened here with, really, a storm that was just totally overpowering, nobody has ever seen anything like this. What is your death count, as of this moment – 17?”
Someone at the gathering told the president the figure was slightly lower: 16. “16 people certified. 16 people versus in the thousands,” Trump said. “You can be very proud of all of your people, all of our people working together. 16 versus literally thousands of people. You can be very proud. Everybody around this table and everybody watches can really be very proud.”
Trump emphasised all that the federal government had done to assist Puerto Rico when he wrapped up his speech.
“I appreciate your support and I know you appreciate our support, because our country has really gone all out to help. And it's not only dangerous, it's expensive, it's everything,” he said. “But I consider it a great honour, maybe because I know so many people from Puerto Rico that are such great people. I come from New York.”
Death toll
On Tuesday the New England Journal of Medicine published a new estimate of the lives lost on Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Maria: about 4,600. That stands in stark contrast to the 16 deaths the president cited in October, and the official death toll of 64 that the Puerto Rican government has stood by for months.
To put the tragedy in context, consider the death tolls from other recent hurricanes.
Hurricane Camille, one of the most brutal hurricanes to hit the US in the late 20th century, made landfall in Mississippi in 1969 and left about 260 dead. Hurricane Andrew killed about 65 people when it swept across the Bahamas and Florida in 1992. Hurricane Irma left about 130 dead last year; Hurricane Harvey, a companion of sorts to Irma, killed about 110.
Hurricane Katrina, which Trump cited as benchmark of catastrophe, left about 1,800 dead after it made landfall in Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi in 2013. Some 3,000 people died in the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Centre in September, 2001.
Compared to all of these events, Hurricane Maria represents an epic loss of life. And the New England Journal noted that its estimate of about 4,600 dead on Puerto Rico “is likely to be an underestimate”. It said that the “mortality rate remained high through the end of December 2017, and one third of the deaths were attributed to delayed or interrupted health care”.
Reporters on the ground in Puerto Rico last autumn saw this coming. As they toured the island after Maria hit, it was obvious that Puerto Rico's heavily damaged hospital system and unreliable power grid would conspire to produce deaths well in excess of the government's (and Trump's) lowball figure of 16.
“It's unclear what is happening with the deceased who are at the morgues of the 51 hospitals that have had to close their doors,” the Miami Herald wondered last fall. BuzzFeed News provided an answer about what was happening to some of the corpses that were piling up at the time: They were being burned.
When I visited Puerto Rico in November, I noted that it was “swamped in a humanitarian crisis, with running water still unavailable in some areas, roadways in disrepair, thousands of people living in shelters and about 100,000 people estimated to have fled since the hurricane hit on September 20th”.
A perfect ‘10'
Puerto Rico's challenges were perfectly suited to a veteran builder and a self-described man of action like Trump, yet he seemed uninspired by – and unengaged with – the task at hand.
A reminder of the timeline surrounding Trump's response to Hurricane Maria is instructive. Two days after the storm made landfall on Puerto Rico, Trump was campaigning in Alabama and said nothing about it. His first tweets about Maria weren't posted until September 25th. His first situation room meeting in the White House to discuss how to respond to the catastrophe occurred a day later.
To be sure, Puerto Rico presented unique challenges. It is mountainous, surrounded by water, and plagued by corruption and political mismanagement. Yet some of these problems faced the Obama administration when it responded in 2010 to an earthquake in Haiti. There, the US deployed 8,000 troops in a couple of days. Two weeks later, 22,000 troops had been dispatched. The Trump administration had only 7,200 members of the military in Puerto Rico two weeks after Hurricane Maria touched down.
Trump, undaunted, gave himself a “10” when asked by White House reporters to grade the federal response to Hurricane Maria about a month after it first ravaged Puerto Rico. That perfect self-assessment came at a time when electricity and potable water were still in short supply on the island.
Puerto Rico's residents remain saddled today with an unreliable power grid, despite billions of spending and public-private partnerships overseen by the US government and the Trump administration that were meant to address the problem.
More than infrastructure is also at stake in Puerto Rico, of course. Lives have been lost; about 4,600 of them, and counting. With the next hurricane season just around the corner, Trump has a brief window to try to secure Puerto Rico's future – and actually earn his 10. – Bloomberg
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - The fight to combat the flu is heating up in the Sunshine State, and health officials caution things could get worse before they get better.
Speaking to 7News on the phone, Dr. Anne Schuchat, acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said they are facing a health challenge.
“This is a very difficult season,” she said.
The current flu season, which usually peaks in February, does not appear to be slowing down anytime soon.
“It's everywhere,” said Dr. Clifford Medina from Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach. “In fact, it's been reported in all the states throughout the U.S., and it's in epidemic proportions.”
In Miami-Dade and Broward counties, hospitalizations for the flu are on the rise, with more checking into emergency rooms this past week over the last, statewide.
“The hospitalization rate is the highest that we've seen,” said Schuchat. “We aren't out of the woods yet.”
The latest reports show Miami-Dade County is seeing a moderate level of flu complications reported, while Broward County is mild. However, the activity is increasing as a whole in South Florida.
The 2017-18 flu season strain, H3N2, is taking lives. Health officials said the vaccine for the main strain is moderately effective, but many are contracting Influenza B, or the H1N1 virus, which has also proven deadly.
Health officials advised residents to pay attention to symptoms and go to a doctor.
“High fever is one of them,” said Medina. “Also, patients will complain of headache, body aches, fatigue.”
While those 65 and older, as well as pregnant women, are at a higher risk, in the state of Florida so far, five children have lost their lives because of flu complications — two in just the past week.
Twelve-year-old Dylan Winnik from Coral Springs became one of the virus' victims.
“Shocking. You get a call that he's passed,” said family friend Mike Medwin. “How the hell does that happen.”
Winnik's family said they believed their otherwise healthy, athletic boy was dealing with a cold. Just hours after complaining of a fever and body aches, he passed away.
“If there's any doubt, don't waste time,” said Medina. “Call your pediatrician. Call your primary care physician.”
Nationwide, 53 children have died because of the virus this season, 16 this past week. Officials only nly 20 percent of those victims had been vaccinated.
And health officials said the virus has yet to hit its peak. “Most seasons last up to 20 weeks, and we've probably got several weeks left of increased flu activity,” said Schuchat.
Health officials advised residents to get the flu shot if they haven't done so already.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Mexico needs help to resist assault on free trade from US
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Monday:
Facebook Inc., down $12.53 to $172.56
The social media company faced new criticism after reports a data mining firm working for the Trump campaign improperly obtained and then kept data on tens of millions of users.
CACI International Inc., down $11.85 to $145.60
Advertisement
The defense contractor offered to buy CSRA for $7.2 billion, challenging a deal between CSRA and General Dynamics.
Orbotech Ltd., up $4.09 to $63.99
KLA-Tencor agreed to buy the company, which makes equipment for electronics manufacturers, for about $1.88 billion.
Stewart Information Services Corp., up $1.89 to $42.61
The title insurance and real estate services company said it will be bought by Fidelity National Financial for about $1.2 billion.
GGP Inc., down 20 cents to $21.52
Reuters reported that Brookfield Property Partners made a new offer for the shopping mall operator.
Universal Display Corp., down $15 to $109
Bloomberg News reported that Apple is designing and making display screens and may stop buying them from other companies.
Newell Brands Inc., down $1.87 to $26.79
The consumer products company announced a deal with activist investor Carl Icahn, who will nominate four directors to its board.
Alphabet Inc., down $34.35 to $1,100.07
Technology companies fared worse than the rest of the market Monday.
The broad picture of higher education retention and completion isn't pretty — and as the federal government pushes to use an expanded student data set, experts say the numbers will get even worse. This is bad news for the industry, as more and more states and federal regulators push to tie funding to outcomes. With shifting demographics, and declining populations, gone are the days when the industry at-large could afford to reject broad swafts of students who were less likely to succeed.
However, the picture isn't all bad. Some institutions are actually finding a great amount of success serving particularly those students who are most disadvantaged. And still others are making headways with using mobile apps and an increased emphasis on leveraging data to make a difference with the total student body. Here, we round up the top strategies that are really making a difference across the country
Global Industrial Communication Market: Overview
The rapid developments in the field of science and technology are expected to aid the expansion of the global industrial communication market over the forecast period. Industrial communication systems allow us to integrate data networks that are highly futuristic.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/industrial-communication-market.html
The report includes key information about the major trends, restraints, growth drivers, and opportunities in the global industrial communication market. The market forecasts, supply and demand ratio, Porter's five force analysis, value chain analysis, and key segments of the market are discussed in the report. The report also reveals the prominent recent developments in the competitive landscape, the market shares held by the major firms, and the business strategies adopted by them.
Global Industrial Communication Market: Trends and Opportunities
Increasing adoption of IoT, growing need for interconnectivity between various devices and sharing of data, necessity of increasing safety and productivity are some of the key growth drivers of the global industrial communication market. The increased adoption of the IoT is likely to make considerable changes in the way different products are manufactured, developed, transported, and distributed. Growing number of end-user industries such as aerospace, transportation and automotive, defense, paper, cement, electrical and electronics, energy and power, pharmaceutical, oil and gas, food and beverages, mining, glass, fabrication or engineering, water and wastewater, and chemicals and fertilizers will benefit the market for industrial communication.
The key communication protocols such as industrial Ethernet, wireless communication, and Fieldbus can be the major segments of the industrial communication market. Of these, the Fieldbus protocol appears to present significant prospects, owing to its widespread adoption in key process industries. Fieldbus has a strong hold particularly in the emerging economies such as India, Japan, and China. It is likely to present extensive opportunities as they are able to integrate with wireless devices, increasing the level of efficiency.
Besides Fieldbus, Ethernet is also expected to witness an upsurge in demand as it is steadily becoming popular due to its better performance outputs when compared to other systems. This can be attributed to the enhanced bandwidth capacity, increased network coverage, and increased transmission efficiency. The increasing deployment of this protocol in the industrial robot market is also responsible for the promised growth of this segment.
The wireless protocol segment might also undergo tremendous growth during the forecast period, displaying a favorable CAGR. Increased usage of standardized wireless technologies such as Bluetooth technology and wireless WLAN will contribute towards growth.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19847
Global Industrial Communication Market: Regional Outlook
Based on geography, the global market for industrial communication can be segmented into Europe, Asia Pacific, North America, and the Rest of the World. The countries of Asia Pacific, being some of the major global producers of consumer electronics, are expected to drive the demand for industrial communication. Also, emerging economies such as India, China, and Japan have become hubs for large scale automotive production, boosting the growth further.
Companies Mentioned in the Report
The major companies operating in the global Emerson Electric Company, Texas Instruments Incorporated, General Electric, Schneider Electric SE, TE Connectivity Ltd, Infineon Technologies AG, Siemens AG, and Rockwell Automation, Inc. Several market players are concentrating their energies on product development through increased investments in research and development activities.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18oyi
— Hundreds of people are expected to gather Monday to honor the life and sacrifice of a Moore County soldier who was killed in Aghanistan earlier this month.
Army Spc. Christopher Harris died along with Jonathan Hunter in a suicide bombing in the country. Harris, of Jackson Springs, was a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division.
Harris' wife shared that the couple was trying to get pregnant before he was deployed, and she recently learned she is in the early stage of pregnancy.
Visitation will take place from noon until 1:30 p.m. at the Jernigan Warren. A procession will then travel to the cemetery on Murchison Road in Spring Lake.
A graveside service with full military honors is scheduled to begin at 2 p.m.
On social media, supporters were asked to line the mile-long entrance of the cemetery with American flags.
'Cradle to career' approach — pregnancy through high school — is at the heart of the countywide public-private collaborative
It's a cluster of working-class areas with some big needs, but Santa Barbara's Westside is now part of a massive outreach effort to support and prepare Santa Barbara County children — and their neighborhoods — to succeed.
THRIVE is a public-private collaborative working to prepare children to live productive, healthy lives, and the Westside is the latest area to begin in the countywide effort.
The organization's thrust takes some cues from the Harlem Children's Zone in New York City, run by founder and educational pioneer Geoffrey Canada. HCZ takes a holistic approach, working with mothers when they're pregnant and staying with the children until they're in college. The children work through a massive lineup of 22 interrelated programs, free to participants and all with the goal of creating a supportive network of adults for the children as they work their way through school, and ultimately toward college and a bright future.
This “cradle to career” approach is at the heart of THRIVE, which is undertaking similar efforts in Isla Vista, Guadalupe and Santa Maria. The most advanced effort so far is taking place at the Carpinteria Children's Project at the Main School, which focuses on preparing the youngest children to be “school ready.”
Why the Westside?
Anita Perez Ferguson, executive director of THRIVE's countywide effort, said the outreach areas were selected on the basis of family household income and the achievement scores of various schools in critical areas.
“The initiative really appeals to the heart and the head,” she told Noozhawk. “We know that there are families and children who need to be served, but we also know that there are valuable participants in the community who can make long term-contributions.”
One of the community organizations working to coordinate neighborhood efforts is Just Communities, and executive director Jarrod Schwartz said interest around the outreach is increasing.
Unlike the Eastside and the Milpas Corridor, “there isn't a lot of existing community infrastructure” on Santa Barbara's Westside, he said.
But the resources do exist, unique to the area.
“The Westside has four amazing schools we're partnering with,” he said, and strong leadership from those principals has been key. McKinley Elementary, Harding University Partnership School, La Cumbre Junior High School and San Marcos High School are all partners in the effort.
McKinley School Principal Emilio Handall said the initiative is based on the strengths of Westside families, community and agencies.
“The opportunities this initiative provides should excite all Santa Barbara residents as the results will benefit our entire city,” he said. “The Westside THRIVE Initiative brings together so many different people and organizations on the agreed-upon idea that all students deserve a high-quality education and we all need to be part of the solution.”
The group is taking a general definition to the Westside and is including everything south of Las Positas Road and north of SBCC, with boundaries to the west by the Mesa and Highway 101 bordering the east.
Any residents, families or supporters of the Westside are invited to attend the community dialogues that will begin this fall. Groups of eight to 12 people will meet for five weeks starting in early November. Knowing that not everyone can participate in a five-week session, Schwartz said an all-day session also will be held in early December.
“The idea is to bring together a diverse group of people to look at what their vision for the Westside is,” he said.
They'll be focusing on a variety of issues, and issues such as racial and cultural divides, gangs and youth violence, and economic development in the area have already come up.
In January, the groups will come together to try to come up with a unified vision and a plan to implement. THRIVE Westside also had a national donor come forward with a $10,000 donation, and process participants will have a say in where that money goes.
“(The input) really will come from the grassroots level,” Schwartz said.
He said that while in Harlem, there was one organization supporting the outreach. In Santa Barbara, a more collaborative effort made sense.
“We are very program rich but we're systems poor, and we don't know how to bring them altogether,” Schwartz said.
Even if residents on the Westside don't have school-age children, Schwartz invites them to participate in the dialogue process. He said schools that perform and neighborhoods that are safe are good for the community at large.
Click here for more information about THRIVE's efforts in Santa Barbara County.
The next information sessions about Westside outreach will be held from 6 to 6:45 p.m. Oct. 12-13 at La Cumbre Junior High, 2255 Modoc Road. The same presentation will be given each night, and both presentations will be conducted in English and Spanish. Free child care will be provided, as well as snacks.
For more information, email Just Communities at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or call 805.966.2063.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
MIAMI (WSVN) - Miami Police cleared a bomb threat made to the Victoria Nursing and Rehabilitation Center in Miami.
Police responded around 9 p.m. to the scene along Northwest Ninth Avenue and Northwest Third Street, Tuesday.
Update: The all clear has been given by our Bomb Squad and the roads have been reopened. https://t.co/TtBS0bNwb4 — Miami PD (@MiamiPD) July 4, 2018
The bomb squad checked the nursing home floor by floor before clearing the scene just after midnight.
According to a police spokesperson, no evacuations were ordered.
Several roads were shut down while officials investigated and have since been reopened.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ATLANTA, GA - OCTOBER 31: Scottie Scheffler of Texas poses with the trophy after his win during day 1 of the 2016 East Lake Cup at East Lake Golf Club on October 31, 2016 in Atlanta, Georgia. (Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 675011801
HARTFORD, WI - JUNE 14: Scottie Scheffler of the United States plays his shot during a practice round prior to the 2017 U.S. Open at Erin Hills on June 14, 2017 in Hartford, Wisconsin. (Photo by Richard Heathcote/Getty Images)
Scottie Scheffler and his family pose Wednesday at Erin Hills. The kids are, left-to-right, Scottie, Sara (who will be a sophomore at UT), Callie (who is caddying for Scottie this week and recently got a graduate degree in marketing from A&M and Molly (who will be a senior at Highland Park and is on the golf team).
Scottie Scheffler and his family pose Wednesday at Erin Hills. The kids are, left-to-right, Scottie, Sara (who will be a sophomore at UT), Callie (who is caddying for Scottie this week and recently got a graduate degree in marketing from A&M and Molly (who will be a senior at Highland Park and is on the golf team). Mother (Diane) is far left. Father (Scott) is far right.
Exactly one week before his 21st birthday, Highland Park High and University of Texas product Scottie Scheffler had just finished his last practice round before Thursday's start of the 117th U.S. Open.
ERIN, Wis. -- After a Wednesday morning full of snapshot moments, the final image was the most frame-worthy.
Behind the 18th green, Scheffler posed for photos with parents Scott and Diane and sisters Callie, Sara and Molly. Behind them was the hulking grandstand and, above it, USGA flags flapping in the wind.
"We've certainly come a long way," Scottie said.
He could have been talking about the distance from Dallas to Erin Hills (1,000 miles) or his budding-to-stardom golf career, but he was referring to the Scheffler family's journey.
This is Scottie's second straight U.S. Open. Last year at Oakmont he opened with a 69 and was the early clubhouse leader, but he shot a second-round 78 and missed the cut.
Former Texas A&M golfer Callie, 23, caddied for Scottie last year and is doing so again at Erin Hills. Unlike last year, though, Texas sophomore Sara and Highland Park senior Molly were able to come and share this experience.
"This is an exciting family trip for all of us," Scottie said. "I'm trying to enjoy today. But me and Callie still have work to do."
Oh, yes, the U.S. Open. Anyone who watched Scheffler at Oakmont last year, or saw him tie for 22nd in 2014 at his hometown AT&T Byron Nelson while piling up 17 birdies and a hole-in-one, understands that he has a loftier goal here than making the cut.
Never mind that he is one of 14 amateurs in the 156-player field, or that amateurs have only won five U.S. Opens, most recently Johnny Goodman in 1933.
"I want to put myself in contention," Scheffler said. "But I understand that's still a long time from now. I'll just try for a good round tomorrow."
That is about as boastful and loquacious as 6-foot-3, 210-pound Scheffler gets, which is to say not whatsoever.
Mostly, his performances speak for him. His three individual state titles at Highland Park. His 2013 U.S. Junior Amateur title. His 2015 Phil Mickelson Award as the best freshman in the country.
And the junior season he recently completed at Texas, which included six top-three finishes and a victory in the East Lake Cup. The only downer occurred two weeks ago in the NCAA championship in Sugar Grove, Ill., where after shooting 68s the first three rounds and taking a lead into the final day, Scheffler shot 78 and finished third.
Just one week later, though, he played in the U.S. Open sectional qualifier in Columbus, Ohio and earned one of the final three spots by surviving a four-man playoff.
On Wednesday, Texas coach John Fields accompanied Scheffler during his nine-hole practice round with Brooks Koepka and Max Greyserman. Royal Oaks pro Randy Smith, Scheffler's teacher since Scottie was 6, had hoped to be in Wisconsin on Wednesday but was unable to make the trip.
"Watch him going around the greens, preparing," Fields marveled, noting that both Scottie and Callie look more comfortable amid the U.S. Open "circus" than they did last year at Oakmont.
"And of course," Fields added, "Randy's been preparing him for these kinds of moments all his golfing life. It's just a constant stepping up the ladder situation."
Fields estimates that when they first met, Scheffler was 8 or 9 years old, stood 5-2 and weighed about 100 pounds.
"To watch him gradually step up and take his path, as opposed to being pressurized trying to be somebody else, has been a wonderful process," Fields said.
Somebody else, as in another Dallas guy, U.S. Junior Amateur champion and former UT player who so happens to be one of this week's U.S. Open favorites.
Scheffler's journey actually began in Ridgewood, N.J., where he was born. Scott and Diane moved to family to Dallas 14 years ago. All four kids played golf at Highland Park, and Molly still has another season there.
Through the years, family vacations were forsaken to trek by station wagon to junior tournaments around the country. Most of them were Scottie's events, but all four kids once played in a tournament in Greenville, Miss., where then-6-year-old Sara recorded the family's first and still only double-eagle.
The Schefflers had pulled into Greenville at 3:30 a.m. and slept a few hours in a musty motel room.
"That was when I told the kids, 'The joy is in the journey,'" Scott Scheffler recalled Wednesday, as his entire family got to walk inside the ropes during Scottie's practice round. Scottie drove his sisters to Erin Hills on Wednesday in the courtesy Lexus SUV that all U.S. Open players get.
Scott Scheffler smiled as Sara took photos of Scottie and Callie on the 17th green.
"And you know, it is a joy. And it's their journey."
Twitter: @Townbrad
By Rod Chester
Amid rumours of buttonless screens and wireless charging, at last is the tip that Apple could be about to solve the biggest gripe with the iPhone.
The iPhone 8, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo who has a track record of being on the money with iPhone rumours, is set to get a much bigger battery that will let people go for a longer period between charges.
MacRumours was the first to pick up the analyst report that Apple is set to redesign the components inside the iPhone so that they fit in a stack, allowing the battery in the 4.7-inch iPhone to jump from its current size of 1960mAh to 2700mAh - which is almost as big as the battery in the current iPhone 7 Plus phablet.
The expected bigger battery, together with the recent rumour that the next iPhone will have a more energy efficient OLED display, would mean iPhone users will be able to go longer between charges - something that has been a common complaint with iPhones for years.
While the redesign will extend the iPhone's battery, Kuo says reason that Apple has come up with the cunning plan is out of necessity. He says "battery material tech isn't likely to see major breakthroughs in the next three to five years".
One of the biggest rumours about the upcoming redesign of the phone is that the iPhone 8 will have wireless charging.
While iPhone rumours are a standard in tech reporting, in this tenth anniversary year of the iPhone the rumours about Apple's smartphone are firing around at an even greater pace.
A patent granted to Apple yesterday shows how it could have a fingerprint scanner built into the entire screen on the new phone while Digitimes reports supply chain evidence suggest Apple will release three versions of iPhone this year, with the premium model have an even bigger 5.8-inch screen but the same dimensions as the current 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.
- news.com.au
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and Attorney General Jeff Sessions (all times local):
6:55 p.m.
Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham says he doesn't expect Attorney General Jeff Sessions will depart "anytime soon," but the dynamic may be different once special counsel Robert Mueller completes the Russia probe.
Graham says Republicans want to avoid unnecessary drama ahead of the midterm elections. He says most senators believe it would be very difficult for President Donald Trump to name a replacement for Sessions and for the Senate to confirm a new nominee.
Advertisement
He says if Sessions leaves or is ousted, it would likely be seen as political interference with Mueller's investigation.
The South Carolina Republican tells The Associated Press that at some point Sessions will "have to make a decision."
Graham says if "you don't have the confidence" of the president, "that will affect your ability to be effective."
__
6:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump's lawyer has repeatedly counseled him not to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions despite the president's ongoing anger at the attorney general's decision to recuse himself from the Russia probe.
Rudy Giuliani told The Associated Press on Wednesday that Trump has asked him multiple times, before and after the former New York City mayor joined the president's legal team last month, about whether Sessions should have been fired.
"I don't think the president should do it and I've told him so," said Giuliani.
Intumescent coatings are the fire protection coatings which find applications mainly in the building & construction industry and oil & gas sectors. The Intumescent coating materials get expanded when exposed to higher temperatures and form carbonaceous char. These coating materials extend the life of the structural steels for certain period of time (For example, 60 minutes, 90 minutes and 120 minutes).
Request For Sample Report: http://www.mrrse.com/sample/2969
The report estimates and forecasts the intumescent coatings market on the global, regional, and country levels. The study provides forecast between 2016 and 2024 based on volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) with 2015 as the base year. The report comprises an exhaustive value chain analysis for each of the product segments. It provides a comprehensive view of the market. Value chain analysis also offers detailed information about value addition at each stage. The study includes drivers and restraints for the intumescent coatings market along with their impact on demand during the forecast period.
The study also provides key market indicators affecting the growth of the market. The report analyzes opportunities in the intumescent coatings market on the global and regional level. Drivers, restraints, and opportunities mentioned in the report are justified through quantitative and qualitative data. These have been verified through primary and secondary resources. Furthermore, the report analyzes global average price trend analysis of intumescent coatings.
Global Intumescent Coatings Market: Segmentation
The study provides a comprehensive view of the intumescent coatings market by dividing it into resin type, fire type, technology type, application type and geography. The intumescent coatings market has been estimated in terms of volume (Tons) and revenue (US$ Mn) between 2016 and 2024. The resin systems used in the intumescent coatings market is classified into acrylic, epoxy, polyurethane and others. Based on the fire type, the intumescent coating industry is categorized as cellulosic and hydrocarbon based intumescent coatings. In terms of technology, the intumescent coatings market is classified as water based, solvent based and powder based technologies.
The application segments of the intumescent coatings market include various sectors such as building & construction, oil & gas, transportation, consumer electronics and others which include military and textiles. Rising number of fire accidents, government regulations on the emission of volatile organic compounds and growing building & construction industry are the key factors which drive the intumescent coatings market.
Send An Enquiry: http://www.mrrse.com/enquiry/2969
Regional segmentation includes the current and forecast demand for intumescent coatings in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). Additionally, the report comprises country-level analysis in terms of volume and revenue for product as well as application segments. Key countries such as the U.S., Germany, France, the U.K., Spain, Italy, India, China, South Africa, Mexico, and Brazil have been included in the study. Market segmentation includes demand for individual end-users in all the regions and countries.
Global Intumescent Coatings Market: Competitive Analysis
The report includes Porter's Five Forces Model to determine the degree of competition in the intumescent coatings market. It comprises a qualitative write-up on market attractiveness analysis, wherein application and countries have been analyzed based on attractiveness for each region AND price trend analysis for intumescent coatings between 2016 and 2024. Growth rate, market size, raw material availability, profit margin, impact strength, technology, competition, and other factors (such as environmental and legal) have been evaluated in order to derive the general attractiveness of the market. It further covers detailed competitive outlook that includes market share and profiles of key players operating in the global market.
Secondary research sources that were typically referred to include, but were not limited to company websites, financial reports, annual reports, investor presentations, broker reports, and SEC filings. Other sources such as internal and external proprietary databases, statistical databases and market reports, news articles, national government documents, and webcasts specific to companies operating in the market have also been referred for the report. In-depth interviews and discussions with a wide range of key opinion leaders and industry participants were conducted to compile this research report. Primary research represents the bulk of research efforts, supplemented by extensive secondary research. Key players' product literature, annual reports, press releases, and relevant documents were reviewed for competitive analysis and market understanding. This helped in validating and strengthening secondary research findings. Primary research further helped in developing the analysis team's expertise and market understanding.
Browse Full Report With TOC: http://www.mrrse.com/intumescent-coatings-market
Key players profiled in the report include Akzo Nobel N.V, PPG Industries Inc., Sherwin Williams Company and RPM International Inc. Company profiles include attributes such as company overview, number of employees, brand overview, key competitors, business overview, business strategies, recent/key developments, acquisitions, and financial overview (wherever applicable).
The global intumescent coatings market has been segmented as follows:
By Resin Type
Acrylic
Epoxy
Polyurethane
Others
By Fire Type
Cellulosic
Hydrocarbon
By Technology Type
Water based
Solvent Based
Powder Based
By Application Type
Building & Construction
Oil & gas
Transportation
Consumer electronics
Others
By Region
North America S. Canada
Europe Germany France K. Italy Spain Rest of Europe
Asia Pacific China India Japan ASEAN Rest of Asia Pacific
Middle East & Africa GCC Egypt South Africa Rest of the Middle East & Africa
Latin America Brazil Mexico Rest of Latin America
About Us
Market Research Reports Search Engine (MRRSE) is an industry-leading database of market intelligence reports. MRRSE is driven by a stellar team of research experts and advisors trained to offer objective advice. Our sophisticated search algorithm returns results based on the report title, geographical region, publisher, or other keywords.
MRRSE partners exclusively with leading global publishers to provide clients single-point access to top-of-the-line market research. MRRSE's repository is updated every day to keep its clients ahead of the next new trend in market research, be it competitive intelligence, product or service trends or strategic consulting.
Contact
State Tower
90, State Street
Suite 700
Albany, NY – 12207
United States Telephone: +1-518-730-0559
Email: sales@mrrse.com
Website: http://www.mrrse.com/
The United States will announce plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium from the European Union as early as Thursday morning, two people briefed on the matter said, confirming a report in the Wall Street Journal.
The decision would land ahead of a Friday expiration deadline for exemptions to the planned metals tariffs amid stalled trade talks with the EU and would likely prompt retaliation from the bloc.
The two sources said an announcement was planned for Thursday morning in Washington but that the timing could still change.
The US Commerce Department and US Trade Representative's Office did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
President Donald Trump on March 23rd imposed a 25 per cent tariff on steel imports and a 10 per cent tariff on aluminium, but granted temporary exemptions to the EU, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia and Argentina.
Trump invoked a 1962 trade law to erect protections for US steel and aluminium producers on national security grounds, amid a worldwide glut of both metals that is largely blamed on excess production in China.
The European Commission, which coordinates trade policy for the 28 EU members, has said the bloc should be permanently exempted from the tariffs since it was not the cause of overcapacity in steel and aluminium.
The Commission has said the EU will set duties on €2.8 billion of US exports, including peanut butter and denim jeans, if its metals exports to the United States worth €6.4 billion are subject to tariffs.
The tariffs, which have increased friction with US trading partners worldwide and prompted several challenges before the World Trade Organization, are aimed at allowing the US steel and aluminium industries to increase their capacity utilization rates above 80 per cent for the first time in years.
Economists say the standoff with the EU could tip toward a trade war, particularly after Trump last week launched another national security investigation into car and truck imports that could lead to new US tariffs.
The Trump administration has given permanent metals tariff exemptions to several countries including Australia, Argentina and South Korea, but in each case set import quotas.
Friday's deadline for exemptions also affects Mexico and Canada, which are in contentious negotiations with the United States on the North American Free Trade Agreement that Trump has said he wants to revamp, or abandon if the talks fail. – Reuters
Eighth seed Petra Kvitova swept into the last 32 at the French Open on Wednesday following a 6-0 6-4 victory over the unseeded Spaniard Lara Arruabarrena.
Kvitova turned on the power to claim the opening set in 24 minutes. And though the world number 91 was more stubborn in the second set, the Czech wrapped up the match after 68 minutes.
The victory was a contrast to the labour of her first round match against Veronica Cepede Royg. In that encounter she needed three sets and jsut over two hours to advance.
"I think sometimes it's really important to get through a very tough match like in the first round," Kvitova said. "In that one I was one game away from losing and going home."
Petrova will take on the 25th seed Anett Kontaveit for a place in the last 16. The pair met at the WTA tournament in Madrid in the run-up to the French Open. Kvitova came from a set down to dispatch the Estonian.
The triumph in the Spanish capital came in a winning streak of 13 matches which has furnished her with clay court titles in Prague and Madrid.
"I don't think I have any secret to the success," she said. "I just worked pretty hard to get ready physically and not only for the clay. I haven't been injured so I really could go for it and so far it's really working well."
HOLLAND, Mich. (AP) — Former Republican Congressman Pete Hoekstra (HUK'-struh) is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands.
White House spokeswoman Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence.
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate. He previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011.
First elected to Congress in 1992, Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with his family when he was 3. He was an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate.
Advertisement
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year.
Rescue teams hold "very grave" concerns for two men, possibly suffering hypothermia, after they were believed to have fled from police into inhospitable bush in the central North Island.
The men, aged in their 20s, abandoned a stolen car near the Desert Road before legging it into bushland in the Tongariro National Park on Saturday, police say.
But they are not equipped for the cold weather and during a 111 call with emergency teams on Sunday, the men reported being cold and numb.
Since then, they have not made contact with authorities but searchers on Monday afternoon located a campfire, a shoe and two piles of clothing before a shirt and matching shoe were found separately.
Advertisement
Bay of Plenty operations manager Inspector Kevin Taylor says the discovery of discarded clothing is alarming.
"That's consistent with them being hypothermic," he said.
Hypothermic people sometimes experienced euphoria or delirium in which they take their clothes off despite this being the worst thing they can do.
On Tuesday, 40 volunteers from as far away as Tauranga and Whanganui were searching for the men, Taylor said.
Bad weather is preventing a helicopter from assisting the search, which will focus on the area radiating out from where the campfire and clothing was found.
"The bush is exceptionally dense and this is a challenging search," Taylor said.
"If the two individuals are in a condition where they're not responsive, they will only be found once a searcher is in their immediate vicinity.
"The longer these young men remain in these conditions, the less likely it is that they will survive.
"However, today we still remain determined and hopeful that we will find them alive."
- NZN
Dubai: California electric automaker Tesla is plugging into the UAE electricity grid with an investment of tens of millions of dollars to support the arrival of its new cars by summer, confirmed Elon Musk, co-founder and CEO on Monday.
Musk told reporters in a press conference at the World Government Summit in Dubai that Tesla is now taking orders for its electric vehicles that its most ardent followers have dubbed as game changers.
.@TeslaMotors in #Dubai for the first time in the Middle East pic.twitter.com/JJjD1V0qSq— Dubai Media Office (@DXBMediaOffice) February 13, 2017
Supercharging stations
Two super-charging stations are now open in Dubai at the last Jebel Ali exit of Shaikh Zayed Road en route to Abu Dhabi, Musk said, with another open in Masdar City in the nation's capital to serve customers.
Five more super stations are planned for installation across the UAE by year end.
The high-powered charging stations will enable owners of the Model S car to fill-up with electricity within a few minutes for around $10 in the UAE as compared to $25-$30 for a similar-sized petrol-powered sedan, Musk said.
Known for his ambitious aspirations for space travel as founder of SpaceX, Musk said he chose UAE as the first Middle East country to host Tesla because he liked the country's goal to create 25 per cent of its national energy mix from solar power only by 2030.
UAE, a beacon: Musk
Calling the UAE a “beacon”, Musk said building a a new Tesla store and service centre in Dubai this year as well in Abu Dhabi in 2018 was backed by a good “gut feeling” that the UAE is on the right path to slash carbon emissions and reduce fossil fuels via higher renewable energy generation.
“I think it's a very smart decision for the long term. People will look back on this and say it was a really smart move,” Musk told reporters.
Musk was grilled by reporters as to whether Tesla batteries would hold up under the heat of the UAE where it can reach upwards of 50°C and commonly forces many traditional car owners to replace their car batteries every two or three years.
While acknowledging that in extreme heat, some Tesla cars may see a “10-15 per cent reduction in range”, Musk said Tesla technology has been rigorously tested in Death Valley, in the US – what he called the "hottest place on earth" – where his electric cars beat the heat.
He said Tesla car batteries were tested at 67 Celsius and that cars were driven hard in Death Valley at high noon in summer up steep roads followed by a diesel-powered tow truck.
In one instance, the truck broke down, but the electric car endured well, Musk quipped.
By the numbers
The Model S can accelerate from 0-100 km/h in 2.7 seconds, making it the fastest such car in the world, Musk said.
It has a travel range of up to 632 km on on charge.
Price for the Model S car start from Dh275,000
Customisation of orders
Tesla on Monday will begin accepting online orders for Model S and Model X in the UAE.
Customers in the UAE can now visit the online design studio to customize and order the Tesla vehicle that best suits their lifestyle. First orders of Model S and Model X vehicles are expected to be delivered in Dubai this summer.
The launch of the UAE's dedicated online platform is supported by a pop-up store in The Dubai Mall, Tesla Ranger service and a service centre now under construction near Interchange Two of Sheikh Zayed Road which will open in July.
The store will provide an opportunity for customers to experience Tesla and learn about the benefits of Tesla ownership. In addition to Dubai, Tesla will open a store and service centre in Abu Dhabi next year.
Tesla has designed the most sophisticated electric vehicle charging network in the world, the Supercharger and Destination charging network, so owners can travel wherever and whenever they want.
Locations of superchargers
Tesla has opened two Supercharging locations at The Last Exit in Jebel Ali and in Masdar City, allowing drivers to recharge their vehicles — in minutes rather than hours.
By the end of the year, Tesla will open five additional Supercharger locations, enabling long distance travel across every route into and out of the country.
The UAE is already home to a number of Tesla's Destination chargers, which are available at 26 locations across the UAE, including hotels and shopping malls. Tesla will add more than 50 additional Destination charging locations by the end of the year.
With an industry leading NEDC range of up to 632 km, Tesla's award-winning Model S is designed from the ground up to be the safest, most exhilarating car on the road.
Models
Model S delivers unparalleled performance through Tesla's unique, all-electric powertrain and accelerates from 0 to 100 kph in just 2.7 seconds.
Model X is the safest, fastest and most capable sport utility vehicle on the road. With standard all-wheel drive and up to 565 km of range (NEDC) on a single charge, Model X fits an active lifestyle and includes ample seating for seven adults and all of their gear.
Model X is incredibly fast, accelerating from zero to 100 kph in as quickly as 3.1 seconds.
Prices start from Dh275,000 (about $75,000) for Model S and Dh344,000 for Model X.
The mass-market Model 3, to roll out from late 2017, is priced at $35,000. But it has an order backlog of nearly 400,000 customers. Prospective buyers gave a $1,000 deposit to be able to get a hold of the first Models 3s out of Tesla's "Gigafactory" in Nevada.
Tesla produced 83,922 vehicles (both Model X + Model S) in 2016, from the company's Califnornia factory.
By Robyn Collins
Ed Sheeran will bring his unique brand of music to Austin City Limits to kick off the show's 43rd season on PBS, on Oct. 7.
Related: Ed Sheeran's Girlfriend Cherry Inspired ‘Perfect'
Today Sheeran shared the performance of his hit single “Shape of You” from the program.
The Pretenders, Zac Brown Band, Angel Olsen and Benjamin Booker, Miranda Lambert and Norah Jones are also slated to take the ACL stage in this season.
Check out “Shape of You” below.
Foreign Minister Winston Peters has been snapped enjoying some cricket with Nigel Farage, the former head of the UK Independence Party and the key architect of Brexit.
Farage posted a picture of the pair on Twitter, paired with the caption "had a great weekend at the cricket with New Zealand's @winstonpeters" as well as a New Zealand, and an English flag.
"We need closer ties with our Commonwealth friends," it read.
Had a great weekend at the cricket with New Zealand's @winstonpeters. We need closer ties with our Commonwealth friends. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🇳🇿 pic.twitter.com/jXFDHqa0r0 — Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) April 23, 2018
Peters, who had a stint in Europe conducting trade talks, has most recently been in Singapore.
Advertisement
He was hosted by Singapore's Minister of Defence Dr Ng Eng Hen, with whom he discussed international and regional security issues over lunch.
"Delighted to host New Zealand Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Winston Peters for lunch during his visit to Singapore," Hen posted on social media following their rendezvous.
"As two small countries, we share many common perspectives on security, stability, and a rules-based system that provides space for all countries to progress and thrive."
Despite being a prime architect of Brexit leading up to the 2016 vote, Farage has recently made public his view a second referendum for Brexit could make sense.
In an interview on British talk show The Wright Stuff, Farage suggested that a second referendum would put the issue to rest, claiming a second win for the "leave" side would kill the issue "for a generation".
Otherwise, he cautioned, 'remain' supporters will "go on whinging and whining and moaning all the way through this process".
"Maybe, just maybe, I'm reaching the point of thinking that we should have a second referendum ... on EU membership," he said.
Farage predicted that the percentage of voters choosing to leave the EU would be "very much bigger than it was last time round" if a second referendum were held.
Shortly after the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum Farage apologised for Britain turning its back on New Zealand when it joined the Common Market and claimed Brexit provided an opportunity to strengthen trade ties once more.
"What is even more exciting for me is what we can do with you guys," he said.
"I apologise to everybody in New Zealand for what my parents' generation did - we turned our backs on you."
Then-Prime Minister John Key has said the Government had no desire to "relitigate" past issues.
"Britain decided to take the steps that it took. It believed that its future was better placed in Europe, it's now decided it wants to reverse that decision in part.
"But I don't think it's fundamentally going to change what is the United Kingdom being fairly heavily integrated into Europe."
A United Parcel Service Inc employee has opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility, injuring four and prompting a massive police response, officials said.
At least two people were killed and several others wounded , the San Francisco Chronicle reported, citing officials and witnesses.
San Francisco police said the building was secure but offered no immediate information on victims.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries.
He said four people were injured and that he believed the shooter “turned the gun on himself”.
Mr Gaut did not have immediate information about anyone's condition. Nor did Brent Andrew, spokesman for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, which had received the victims.
Car shop owner Robert Kim said he heard about five to eight rapid gunshots.
The next thing he knew, he said, “a mob of UPS drivers” was running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter”.
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighbourhood, about 2.5 miles from central San Francisco, but did not release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway.
Walked away calmly
They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
Police advised people to avoid the area.
Live video showed a massive police presence near the facility, with employees being led out and embracing each other on the sidewalk just outside.
“UPS confirms there was an incident involving employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning,” the company said in a statement.
“Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation,” the statement said.
Reuters/AP
1:37 River Ridge's Jordan Skipper-Brown: Regular-season dunks Pause
1:31 For Charles and Juanita, 80-plus Valentine's Days and counting
1:59 Students study threat from invasive New Zealand Mudsnails
0:15 Bank robbery suspect flees after dropping suspicious package
4:54 Bulked-up Felix Hernandez arrives at spring training, feels great
2:13 Washington state Gov. Jay Inslee responds to 9th Circuit ruling on immigration order
1:33 Clint Dempsey updates at Sounders training
5:01 Trump talks about Russia accusations, business dealings in first post-election press conference
0:48 Trump counters on Putin question, says 'Our country's so innocent?'
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The nation's most restrictive abortion law is headed for a showdown before a federal judge only hours after it was signed by Mississippi's governor.
U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves late Monday scheduled arguments Tuesday morning over whether he should immediately block the law after a request by the state's only abortion clinic and a physician who works there.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday, immediately banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. How quickly will the effects of the law be felt in Mississippi? Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis of the Jackson Women's Health Organization stated in court papers that a woman 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled for a Tuesday afternoon abortion.
The law and responding challenge set up a confrontation sought by abortion opponents, who are hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law does not.
Advertisement
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video his office posted on social media.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as he signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, says she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose her Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. She says women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for her about the course of her pregnancy, based on her own values and goals for her life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read his work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:06 Mayor, residents react to Wal-Mart's decision to not build a store in Atascadero
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
Kapil Sharma Approached For The Show
The makers are trying to rope in controversial contestants to make the show interesting. It is being said that Kapil Sharma, who is surrounded with a lot of controversies, has been approached for the show.
Kapil Sharma Controversy
Recently, the actor-comedian was recently in news for taking legal action against his ex-managers Preeti and Neeti Simoes, and a journalist. It was also said that the actor is suffering from depression.
Kapil Is On A Break!
Post the controversy, his new show, Family Time With Kapil Sharma, which aired three episodes, also went off air. Currently, the actress is getting treated for depression. He is on a break. The actor had also promised back that he will be back with a bang after a break.
For Commoners, It Is A Jackpot
The commoners, who participated on the show, Nitibha Kaul, Manu Punjabi, Manveer Gujjar, Puneesh Sharma, Bandgi Kalra, Sapna Choudhary, Arshi Khan are busy these days (after their Bigg Boss stint).
Why Celebrities Agree To Participate On The Show?
Well, let us tell you that many celebrities agree to participate to clarify the controversies surrounding them. It is also big platform for commoners as well as (less-known) celebrities as they might bag big projects.
Shilpa, Hina & Vikas
Also, Shilpa Shinde, who was surrounded with a lot of controversies regarding her show, Bhabhi Ji Ghar Par Hai, succeeded in winning hearts. Hina Khan, who was already popular, is going places now! The producer, Vikas Gupta, who was known to few of them, became favourite of many post his Bigg Boss stint.
Will Kapil Do The Show?
It won't be wrong if we say that Bigg Boss is one of the platforms for the celebrities to come out clean. Although there is no confirmation from Kapil, it is a good chance for him to clarify many things! But, since the actor is suffering from depression, we are not sure that the actor-comedian might participate on the show! Because the show needs a lot of patience!
Nia Sharma Denies Being Approached For Bigg Boss 12
Apart from Kapil Sharma, it was also said that Nia Sharma was approached for the show. But the actress denied the reports. She told Spotboye, "They haven't approached me and to be frank, this rumour crops up every year. So now, I don't feel like reacting to it."
Auditions Of Bigg Boss 12 Have Started!
Meanwhile, the auditions of the Bigg Boss 12 have already started. This time, commoners are invited and the twist is the makers are looking for jodis.
Michigan State's women's basketball game faints during game
hello
FILE- In this Feb. 27, 2016, file photo, Michigan State head coach Suzy Merchant gestures as she watches from the sidelines during the second half of an NCAA college basketball game against Ohio State in East Lansing, Mich. Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois in a women's basketball game Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. Associated Press
EAST LANSING, Mich. -- Suzy Merchant fainted while coaching Michigan State against Illinois in a women's basketball game Sunday.
The 47-year-old Merchant was evaluated by the school's medical staff on the court during the fourth quarter before walking to the locker room. She was later taken to a hospital for tests and was expected to be kept overnight as a precaution.
Michigan State beat the Illini 74-47 in its Big Ten opener, improving to 11-3 overall.
Merchant is in her 10th season at Michigan State and has a 215-99 record.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
US president Donald Trump said "racism is evil" as he condemned the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as "criminals and thugs".
Mr Trump spoke in the White House after meeting US attorney general Jeff Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray about the racially-charged violence on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia, which left one woman dead.
The US leader has come under fire for his comments on Saturday that "many sides" are to blame for the violence.
In those remarks, he did not single out white supremacists or any other hate group, even as senior Republicans and others in the White House condemned them by name.
Mr Trump described the hate groups as "repugnant" and also used his remarks to call for unity.
"We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans," he said.
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier that the violence in which a car ploughed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, "does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute".
He told ABC's Good Morning America: "You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America."
Mr Sessions said he expects to hear more from Mr Trump on the matter after meeting with him, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added the late-morning meeting with Mr Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility," Mr Sessions told TV show CBS This Morning.
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Mr Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns "in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides".
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — Greenville police are asking for help identifying individuals in three separate robberies they believe are related.
In each case, a person or persons brandished a handgun and got away with cash.
The robberies took place at the following times and locations:
May 30; 7:16 p.m.
Five Points Food Mart
205 S. Memorial Drive
(One individual)
May 31, 7:59 p.m.
Dreams Tobacco Mart
501 S. Memorial Drive
(One individual)
June 5, 2017; 8:55 p.m.
Sam's Jiffy Mart
500 S. Memorial Drive
(Two individuals)
No one was injured, and detectives say they believe the crimes are related.
Anyone who can identify these individuals or who may have additional information about the crimes is asked to contact the Greenville Police Department (252) 329-4168 or Crime Stoppers (252) 758-7777.
Crime Stoppers offers up to a $2,500 reward for information that leads to an arrest.
Greenville robbery suspects View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Suspect in Dreams Tobacco Mart robbery Suspect in Dreams Tobacco Mart robbery Suspect in Five Points Food Mart robbery. Suspect in Five Points Food Mart robbery. Suspect in Sam's Jiffy Mart robbery. Suspect in Sam's Jiffy Mart robbery.
LEGAZPI CITY — The Department of Health (DOH) in Bicol is urging the public to take precautions to ward off diseases common at the onset...
Our Daewoo Silver Art Company promise to produce outstanding designs using our credibility and honesty as a foundation. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company is the one of the representatives treating companies that specializes in the silverware in Korea. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company will do our best to provide the best products at reasonable prices, complete as, and continue to do our best to please our customers. Our Daewoo Silver Art Company would like to show my appreciation to all customers who have trusted and supported us, and hope that the use of our products and services will continue.
Daewoo Silver Art Company in Korea specialized in manufacturing silverware, brassware like silver art VIP gift, home decoration products, Korean Spoon Set, Frame, Kettle, Hand Mirror, Plate, and Bowl and on. For more details contact ldh7196@daewoosilverart.com
Policy and Manufacturing Process
Pricing formula of silver/gold products
Offered price shall be fixed subject to daily KITCO silver/gold price of the end day of prior month from shipping.
General payment term
50% of total amount to be paid by cash with order and remaining 50% on the date of shipping.
Normal Delivery term
Shipment will be made within 45 days of Firm Order.
General Instructions:
The above Marketing Policy may be reviewed from time to time considering the market conditions.
For further details, please contact our corporate office and Service center.
Silverware Products are
Hammered Silver Spoon
• Weight (g): 120Â±5
• Size: 230Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Kumboo Dish
• Name-Kumboo Dish
• Weight (g)-250Â±10
• Size-170
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Enamel Flower Spoon (man)
• Weight (g): 120Â±5
• Size: 230Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Enamel Sheep Baby Spoon
• Weight (g): 145Â±5
• Size: 170Ã—40
• Quality: Silver 80, 925, 99
• Use: Kitchenware
• Process: Forging
Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Name -Kumboo Silver Ice Bucket
• Weight (g)-1580Â±10
• Size-150Ã—130
• Quality-Silver
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Brass Spoon
• Name- Brass Spoon
• Weight (g)-120Â±5
• Size-165Ã—35
• Quality Silver- Bronze
• Use-Kitchenware
• Process-Forging
Are you looking for hammered silver spoon manufacturer? Daewoo, the leading silver art company in South Korea specialized in manufacturing hammered silver spoon set. Shop with us to save your money!
People cheat on their partners for all sorts of reasons — but according to a recent survey, your likelihood of being unfaithful could also depend on your job.
Ashley Madison, the controversial online dating service for people who are married or in relationships, recently polled members on what they did for a living.
The survey revealed some interesting insights — while the website has been created specifically for cheaters, members were surprisingly loyal to their careers, with 44 per cent claiming they never switch jobs, with the rest saying they only changed roles every 10 years.
It also found the most infidelity-prone professions for both men and women.
Advertisement
Men
1. Trades
Tradies took out the top spot for the blokes, with 29 per cent of respondents working in the trades.
According to Isabella Mise, Ashley Madison's director of communications, tradies' shift work and random hours make it easier to do the dirty on their partners.
"Jobs in trades often mean irregular hours and are often structured in shift work meaning it's easier for men to fly under the radar when it comes to sneaking around with an affair partner," The Independent reported Mise as saying.
2. IT
12 per cent of male cheaters work in IT.
3. Entrepreneurs (both male and female)
Surprisingly, entrepreneurs came in at number three for both men and women.
According to the survey, that could be because entrepreneurs "are likely to take charge of their sex life the way they do their business".
4. Retail and hospitality
Waiters, bartenders, baristas, and hotel workers made up 8 per cent of male respondents.
5. Finance
Another 8 per cent of cheating men are in the finance industry.
6. Marketing and communications
Six per cent of unfaithful men work in marketing and communications.
7. Medical
Five per cent of male cheaters are employed in the medical field, including doctors and nurses.
8. Legal
Four per cent of male respondents work in the legal profession.
9. Education
The education industry — including professors, teachers, and lecturers — made up 4 per cent of male cheaters.
10. Arts and entertainment
Three per cent work in arts and entertainment.
11. Agriculture
Another 3 per cent work in the agriculture industry, including farming.
12. Social work
Finally, 2 per cent of male participants were social workers.
Women
1. Medical
A whopping 23 per cent of female Ashley Madison members work in the medical field as doctors or nurses.
"A combination of long hours of potential stress mixed with a natural reaction to stress just might be the reason these women in the medical profession seek out an affair," Ms Mise said.
2. Education
Next came female teachers, who made up 12 per cent of respondents.
3. Men and women — Entrepreneurs
Male and female entrepreneurs took out the number three spot.
4. Finance
Nine per cent of female cheaters are financiers.
5. Social work
Female social workers are more likely to cheat than their male colleagues, with 9 per cent of participants working in this field.
6. Retail and hospitality
Nine per cent of female cheaters worked in retail or hospitality.
7. IT
Eight per cent of female participants work in IT.
8. Marketing and communications
Next came women in marketing and communications, making up 4 per cent of respondents.
9. Trades
Lady tradies took out the ninth position, with 4 per cent of participants working in jobs such as plumbers and builders.
10. Legal
Four per cent of female cheaters work in the legal field.
11. Arts and entertainment
Another 4 per cent of are in the arts or entertainment industry.
12. Politics
But just 1 per cent worked in politics.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. -- Four Arkansas day care employees were fired Wednesday after the death of a 5-year-old who was left inside a van all day.
The staff did not follow company policies and procedures, Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said in a statement. Had they followed protocol "this tragedy would not have occurred," he said.
"There are simply no words to express the overwhelming sadness we feel at the death of this child. We are heartbroken and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family. Ascent will continue to fully cooperate with the authorities and state agencies as they investigate this tragic incident," Sullivan said.
The West Memphis, Arkansas, location has been closed since the Monday incident.
The boy's mother told CNN affiliate WMC the van picked him up around 6:30 a.m. He may have been asleep when the van arrived at the day care early Monday and never got off the van, West Memphis Police said.
The van remained in the parking lot all day. The day care's staff found him dead in his booster seat when they came to load children in the van to go home after 3 p.m., police said.
Police said the temperature in the day care parking lot was 91 degrees Monday afternoon when authorities responded to the incident.
Officials with the Arkansas Department of Human Services, which regulates day care centers in the state, are investigating, police said.
Ascent's CEO said he had spoken with the child's family to express his "deepest sympathy." He said he has offered to assist with funeral expenses.
MILWAUKEE -- The City of Milwaukee Department of Public Works (DPW) has called for an overnight snow removal operation for the entire city for two nights – Saturday, February 3 and Sunday, February 4, 2018.
The City of Milwaukee says all residents who park overnight on a Milwaukee street must move their vehicles to the ODD numbered side of the street by 11:00 p.m. on Saturday evening, February 3 through 6:00 a.m. on Sunday morning, February 4. Residents must then move their vehicles to the EVEN numbered side of the street by 11:00 p.m. on Sunday, February 4 through 6:00 a.m. Monday morning, February 5.
City residents are reminded that the posted street sign takes precedence in all areas of the city. Please read the street signs on the block/in the neighborhood for winter parking instructions BEFORE YOU PARK. As not all winter parking rules are posted, residents should also check for parking restrictions at milwaukee.gov/winterregs Residents can also call (414) 286-CITY (-2489).
Once City streets have been cleared, DPW says they will will notify residents again that the operation has concluded and regular overnight parking will once again be in effect, until the next operation is called.
Failure to move a vehicle overnight during a declared DPW operation will result in a $40 citation.
Vehicles are subject to a possible tow if they have three (3) or more outstanding citations 65 days or more past due. Remember –you also need a valid overnight parking permit to park on a City street.
Residents can sign up to receive a Snow Mobile Winter Text Alert message and/or an E-Notify email message which serve to alert them that a DPW operation has been called, and that vehicles must be moved accordingly.
To sign up for either or both alerts, go to milwaukee.gov/mpw or call (414) 286-CITY for assistance.
Solange Knowles has vented her anger at Beyonce being overlooked for the Album of the Year gong at this year's Grammys.
In a series of now-deleted tweets, the 30-year-old sister of Beyonce criticised the Record Academy for giving the night's most prestigious award to only two black artists since 1997.
Solange wrote: "There have only been two black winners in the last 20 years for album of the year. There have been over 200 black artist[s] who have performed."
Solange's statement was factually inaccurate as Lauryn Hill, OutKast, the late Ray Charles, and Herbie Hancock have all won the gong over the last 20 years.
However, the singer-songwriter continued with her rant after Beyonce's Lemonade album was overlooked in favour of 25 by Adele.
She said: "Create your own committees, build your own institutions, give your friends awards, award yourself, and be the gold you wanna hold my g's. (sic)"
Solange's criticism of the annual awards bash came after she came out in support of a Tumblr post from Grammy boycotter Frank Ocean, who took aim at the event's producer Ken Ehrlich and writer David Wild.
Solange wrote "Wuddup frank (sic)" next to a post which read: "I'm one of the best alive and if you're up for a discussion about the cultural bias and general nerve damage the show you produce suffers from then I'm all for it."
Continued below.
Related Content Why Solange was jealous of Kelly Rowland Beyoncé's pregnancy announcement shows once again she's the queen of keeping a secret Beyonce pregnant with twins: Names for her new babies
And Solange's obvious frustration was given further credence by Adele during her acceptance speech for the Album of the Year gong, when she admitted she thought Beyonce deserved the title.
The London-born star said: "I can't possibly accept this award, and I'm very humbled, and I'm very grateful and gracious."
"But my artist of my life is Beyoncé and this album, for me, the Lemonade album, was just so monumental."
By Ashlee Vance
The day Donald Trump was elected president, Doug Derwin came into a lot of money. Derwin is a lawyer turned venture capitalist, and he'd cashed in on a successful investment. Like so many wealthy, Silicon Valley types, Derwin used the windfall to buy a Tesla electric car and stick it to the man -- or at least to the climate-change deniers he thought Trump represented. "One of the reasons I felt good about buying it was as a sort of statement in opposition to what was happening around me," Derwin says.
But, as Derwin's order worked its way through Tesla's manufacturing backlog, he had second thoughts. Elon Musk, Tesla's co-founder and chief executive officer, was meeting Trump and joining committees in the new administration. The more Derwin dwelled on this, the angrier he became. And so, after receiving an email in February saying his Model S sedan was finally ready, Derwin cancelled the purchase. He still cut a check for $150,000 -- only he donated it to the American Civil Liberties Union.
"Trump was using Elon to legitimise himself," says Derwin. "It says a lot to low information voters that Trump can't possibly be that bad because here is Elon Musk hanging on his every word. That's why I canceled the order. A principled opposition is important here." Musk declined to comment for this story, but he has argued that moderates should engage with Trump, rather than leaving only extremists advising the president.
Derwin's personal protest has now morphed into a full-on public campaign to force Musk to sever all ties with the president. Derwin is the secret backer of billboards that appeared in recent weeks near Tesla's headquarters and factory in Silicon Valley that said "Elon: Please dump Trump." And, on Monday, he launched a website featuring videos of upset Tesla owners, "Elon: Dump Trump" bumper stickers and hats and shirts that say, "Resist."
It's just the start. Derwin, 59, is prepared to spend US$2 million on Musk-Trump protests. He's bought $500,000 worth of media, including ads that will run April 23 in the New York Times, Washington Post, San Francisco Chronicle and San Jose Mercury News, and television ads that will appear during Meet The Press, Morning Joe and Full Frontal with Samantha Bee. He's going to set up information booths on college campuses in a bid to dissuade young engineers from working at Tesla or Space Exploration Technologies Corp., Musk's rocket company. He's going to offer to pay people who sent in deposits for the upcoming Tesla Model 3, if they cancel their orders. And he's going to partner with anti-Trump groups in Silicon Valley to make the Musk attack part of their campaigns.
Derwin stuck to Silicon Valley law and startup investing most of his career. He's never owned a Tesla and did not follow Musk's every move as millions of others do -- which makes his new fixation all the more quixotic. His anger stems more from a dislike of Trump, with Musk serving as a proxy for that rage.
Continued below.
Related Content Megaphone diplomacy not the New Zealand way says outgoing Foreign Minister Murray McCully John Drinnan: When does plain talk become hate speech? Two charged over alleged cash kickbacks at South Auckland Maori organisations
"The worst thing that happens is that I lose some money and maybe make a public idiot out of myself," he says. "But it seemed to me that it would make sense to push back on Trump in a way that I could."
Musk has become a cult of personality, and it's understandable that loyal customers were upset when he started showing up at Trump Tower and then joined Trump's business advisory council. Musk has been a relentless fighter against climate change. Many Tesla customers share Musk's concerns and bought his products as statements. Trump, by contrast, has described global warming as a hoax and loosened environmental policies, while surrounding himself with people who dispute the scientific climate-change consensus. It's been hard for many Musk fans to square this circle.
Uber Technologies Inc. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick was quick to leave Trump's business advisory council after an online backlash. Musk, though, has held his ground amid criticism on Twitter and in the press. Musk's old friend and business partner Peter Thiel is a close Trump adviser, so there's a meeting of the minds there. Musk has also argued on Twitter that it makes sense to have a moderate voice as close as possible to Trump to sway him on issues.
Musk is supremely logical and smart enough to capitalise on opportunities like having a close relationship with the president. Time and again, Musk has watched lobbyists from automotive, aerospace and energy sectors sway policies in favor of incumbents, while positioning Musk and his companies as radical hucksters. Now he may have an edge with the administration and could turn things in his favor.
If you're a man who wants to settle Mars and have electric cars swarm the Earth, then having friends in high places makes sense. Musk, for example, has been pushing to get Pete Worden, a longtime commercial space supporter, tapped as the new director of NASA. Worden advised SpaceX early on and could advocate for the company.
Derwin, though, argues Musk has already lost whatever influence may have existed. Despite Musk's presence, Trump has moved to cut funding to the sciences and the Environmental Protection Agency, while rolling back regulations against coal mining companies. "Short of putting a big pile of old tires on the White House lawn and lighting them on fire, I don't know what Donald Trump could do that is worse for climate change," Derwin says. "Musk got rolled by Trump. He has gotten absolutely nothing."
Derwin recently told Musk's camp about his campaign and asked to meet with the CEO. Musk declined, but did have three top lieutenants sit down with Derwin. Nothing much came of the meeting, Derwin said, prompting him to go live with the web site and other efforts. Musk declined to comment through a spokesman.
"If Elon will resign from the boards and speak out against what Trump is doing, I'll call off the campaign," Derwin says. He's pledged to donate US$1m to the charity of Musk's choice, if Musk dons a "Resist" hat and tweets that he disagrees with Trump's climate-change policies.
Derwin has his work cut out. Musk revels in the opportunity to prove critics wrong and rarely backs down from a fight. The uproar over advising Trump has died down, and Musk continues to dazzle fans and confound naysayers: Tesla's share price has surged to record this year and SpaceX has upended the aerospace industry by proving the abilities of its reusable rockets. The baggage that comes with Trump associations in Silicon Valley circles seems to have done little to dull Musk's shine.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local):
11:25 a.m.
President Donald Trump has tweeted a military-themed, Independence Day video greeting to the nation.
In a short recording, Trump said Wednesday he and first lady Melania Trump wished everyone a happy holiday.
Advertisement
Trump noted the day marked the 242nd anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. But his focus was on the U.S. military and veterans. Trump declared, "Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes. And these are great American heroes."
Trump is to hold a picnic Wednesday afternoon for military families at the White House, followed by a concert and with a view of the National Park Service's fireworks display.
___
12:04 a.m.
President Donald Trump celebrated active-duty service members and veterans during a military tribute on the eve of Independence Day.
Delivering remarks at a "Salute to Service" charity dinner at the Greenbrier resort in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who served in the armed forces.
The event was held in conjunction with the PGA Tour's Greenbrier Classic, which has been rechristened as "A Military Tribute at The Greenbrier." The venerable resort is owned by the state's Republican governor, presidential ally Jim Justice.
Highlighting his efforts to boost spending for the military, Trump said, "As the golfers can tell you, the stronger we get, the less likely it is that we will have to use it."
An avid golfer, Trump praised the "incredible athletes" in attendance.
A 17-year-old girl from Mberengwa has been arrested after she smashed her three-week-old baby against a dwala and crushing her to death with stones.
The girl (name withheld) of Dhizira Village under Chief Chingoma in Mberengwa went on to make false report to the police that her child had been kidnapped by unknown people.
She was not asked to plead when she appeared before Mberengwa magistrate Mrs Evia Matura facing charges of murder and deliberately supplying false information to a public authority.
Mrs Matura remanded her in custody to March 23. She advised her to apply for bail at the High Court.
Prosecuting, Ms Wadzanayi Shayanowako said the teenage girl, who is also nursing a two-year-old baby, killed her three-week-old baby by crushing her with stones.
Ms Shayanowako alleged that last Tuesday, the teenager took her three-week-old daughter to a nearby bush where she smashed her on a rock before crushing it to death with stones.
She told the court that the teenage mother took six stones which she used to crush the baby several times until she died.
Ms Shayanowako further alleged that after killing the baby, the girl went to Mataga Police Station and made a false report alleging that her baby had been kidnapped by unknown men.
Police, the court heard, carried out investigations and discovered that the girl had killed the baby. — Herald
Two people have lost their lives in a shooting incident in the US city of Chicago, where 762 people became victims of gun violence in 2016, according to police.
An argument between two men at a bar in Chicago on Sunday, the first day of 2017, ended with the two firing shots at one another, leaving both of them dead, The Chicago Tribune reported.
Meanwhile, Chicago police responding to the double homicide shot another person, who, according to police, physically resisted his arrest. The man was in critical condition on Sunday.
On Saturday, the last day of 2016, a 24-year-old was shot dead in South Austin neighborhood of the city in a possible road rage act that may have been retaliation for hitting another driver's vehicle.
The Saturday death became the 762nd homicide for the year 2016, a staggering statistic that represents the largest spike in decades, according to data from the Chicago Police Department.
According to data maintained by The Chicago Tribune, at least 781 were killed for the year. The Police Department statistics do not include killings on area expressways, police-involved shootings, and other homicides in which people lose their lives in self-defense or death investigations.
"2016 saw an unacceptable rise in violence, beginning at the outset of the year," said Anthony Guglielmi, a spokesman for the Chicago Police Department.
“In many instances, the individuals who chose to pull the trigger are repeat gun offenders emboldened by the national climate against law enforcement and willing to test the limits of our criminal justice system,” Johnson said. “These emboldened criminals are responsible for destroying families and communities as well as dozens of attacks on Chicago police officers in 2016.”
On Saturday, hundreds of people joined a silent march in Chicago to highlight an unsick in gun violence in the country's third most populous city.
Demonstrators marched along the city's major lakefront Michigan Avenue while carrying crosses representing each of those killed in violent crimes mostly by the use of guns, local press reports said.
Adele made an appearance at Grenfell Tower on Wednesday evening, less than 24 hours after a horrific blaze devastated the building, killing residents and injuring hundreds of others.
The fire swept through the 27-storey tower block in just 15 minutes after a faulty fridge exploded, in what could be one of the worst in British history amid fears nobody on its top three floors survived.
Tottenham-native Adele made a quiet appearance at the vigil being held to support victims and survivors, as a number of Twitter users shared images of the star at the scene where she was emotional and reportedly "hugged and comforted" victims, the Daily Mail reports.
× Adele was reportedly hugging people at the vigil. Photo / @FourMee Adele was reportedly hugging people at the vigil. Photo / @FourMee
Twelve people are known to have died after fire engulfed Grenfell Tower in West London after 1am - but Scotland Yard expects the death toll to rise and some claim the actual number could be over 50.
With a number of stars donating to the victim support fund and promoting the services offered to those affected, Adele is in a minority in actually heading to the site to support those present.
Advertisement
One Adele fan account claimed the star was offering support to those in need, penning: "Adele was going around and hugging everyone she could to comfort them".
× Adele showed up to support those at the Grenfell Tower blaze. Photo / @FourMee Adele showed up to support those at the Grenfell Tower blaze. Photo / @FourMee
Other Twitter users who discovered Adele's attendance tweeted: "I'm so proud stanning a humble & genuine human being like you. I love you so much, queen Adele."
"The fact that Adele has gone to Grenfell tower and not said a word about it just proves how amazingly sincere she is... Adele is an angel, she deserves heaven, the biggest heart ever, so proud of her."
× Smoke billows from a fire that engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London. Photo / AP Smoke billows from a fire that engulfed the 24-storey Grenfell Tower in west London. Photo / AP
× Adele showed up in person while other celebrities tweeted their support. Photo / @FourMee Adele showed up in person while other celebrities tweeted their support. Photo / @FourMee
In March, Adele lamented not being in her hometown following the terror attack in Westminster which saw five people killed and 40 injured, when a rampaging terrorist fatally stabbed a police officer before being shot dead by guards.
Performing in Auckland at the time, she said: "Today there was a terror attack in my hometown of London. I'm literally on the other side of the world and I want them to see our lights and to hear us.
"It's very strange not being home, all I want to do today is be at home with my friends and family. All of them are fine but there are four people the death count was four at the time who aren't fine so let's dedicate this to them tonight."
× Rita Ora grew up a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place. Photo / AP Rita Ora grew up a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place. Photo / AP
Other stars throwing support behind the Grenfell Tower fire victims included Rita Ora who sent prayers to the victims of the horror blaze in the tower block, which she revealed was one of her childhood hangouts.
The 25-year-old How We Do singer took to Instagram just hours after the tragedy to extend her wishes to the residents of Grenfell Tower.
As she shared an image of the burning tower with details of how to help emblazoned over the top, she added a caption in which she lamented the disaster that hit her beloved west London in the early hours.
Shocked and devastated to hear this terrible news. My heart goes out to everyone affected by this horrific tragedy in west London pic.twitter.com/0pqT6WZBvU — Rita Ora (@RitaOra) June 14, 2017
Rita was born in Kosovo before her parents - a psychiatrist mother and pub landlord father - fled the country and moved to the UK when Rita was just 1.
She has always been proud of her London roots, growing up around Earls Court, before later moving to Kensal Rise - a stone's throw away from White City, where the blaze took place.
× Fire engulfed the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP Fire engulfed the Grenfell Tower in West London. Photo / AP
As she shared a snap detailing the locations members of the public could donate, she added a caption reading: "This is my neighbourhood I can't believe this is happening.
"My prayers are with everybody involved my heart is beating so fast. I used to play in that block - I want to do all I can do to help."
Previously speaking to the Evening Standard about her childhood, Rita said: "We lived in Earls Court, on the Old Brompton Road. One room for all four of us, my sister annoying me by doing her times tables when I was trying to sleep."
× A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP A firefighter checks damage in the Grenfell Tower. Photo / AP
On Wednesday bodies were strewn through the charred Grenfell block including in its lobby and undertakers were seen removing the dead in a delicate and treacherous recovery operation set to last several days.
A series of blunders are being blamed for the disaster with residents claiming there were no working fire alarms, no sprinklers and the only staircase leading to safety was blocked.
A community leader working to locate victims, who asked not to be named, believes nobody who lived on the top three residential floors survived and the building that was home to 600 people could soon collapse.
He said: "We have a list of missing people - there are so many. It's possible there are more than 50, possibly hundreds."
Those who managed to flee said it was "like hell on earth" inside as they scrambled over dead bodies and petrified residents were seen throwing themselves and their children out of windows to avoid being burned to death - others made ropes by tying bed sheets together or used them as makeshift parachutes and jumped.
There were severe delays on the M6 Southbound after a six vehicle crash.
Emergency services were called to the scene after the incident involving five cars and a lorry.
There was a lane closure and queueing traffic.
The incident happened between J6 A38(M) Aston Expressway / A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road / Slade Road Spaghetti Junction and J5 A452 (Castle Bromwich ).
Travel update site, Inrix said: "Lane four re-opened at around 18:40. The lorry and car that was in lane four have been moved to lane one."
It has now updated to say: "All lanes open, accident cleared on M6 Southbound between J6 A38(M) Aston Expressway / A5127 Gravelly Hill / A38 Tyburn Road / Slade Road Spaghetti Junction and J5 A452 (Castle Bromwich )."
Each day BirminghamLive journalists bring you the latest news on the roads and railways across Birmingham and the West Midlands and further afield to help keep you on the move.
For the very latest updates on roads including the M6, M42, M5 and more, visit our dedicated traffic and travel news Facebook page here.
You can also bookmark BirminghamLive's Traffic and Travel landing page here.
American racer Brad Loyet has headed home midway through the International Sprint Car Series after being stood down following a physical confrontation with a Kiwi driver on the weekend.
Loyet tangled with Jonathan Allard during Saturday night's New Zealand v USA series-opener at Vodafone Speedway Western Springs.
Read more: New Zealand takes first up win at Western Springs
Having already damaged his car and used up a big chunk of budget from previous crashes, Loyet was fired up after the contact with Allard.
Advertisement
The pair exchanged words and grabbed at each other in the infield and were made to front stewards as a result.
Loyet allegedly expressed his feelings about the stewards' findings in a less than professional manner and was subsequently stood down for 22 days, ruling him out for the rest of the series.
Promoter Greg Mosen told The Herald he felt Loyet was out of line.
"Brad had a fairly colourful start to his visit to New Zealand when he raced on November 25 where he destroyed his car twice," Mosen said.
"[He] tore up wings and made a bit of a mess of it and I don't think that was in the budget.
"He turned up on Saturday for round one and ended up having a slight bump with Jonathan Allard. I've seen it [video footage] three or four times and there was nothing in it but enough damage to stop both of them.
"They were pushed to the infield and they both got out and Brad confronted Allard and they swapped muffin recipes right in front of our VIPs, who were cheering.
"It was harmless and that should have been the end of it."
That wasn't the end of it, however, as the incident drew the ire of officials.
Loyet allegedly continued to speak aggressively at his hearing and was given a 22-day ban that effectively ended his visit to New Zealand.
"Part of the way we manage the sport is that the officials wanted to have a chat to everybody," Mosen said.
"Brad made it abundantly clear to all that he wasn't interested and that he was going home and that he had had enough of this place.
"So he has gone and won't be part of the Porter Hire International Sprint Car Series.
"We wish him all the best."
It isn't the first time the feisty American has been involved in a post-race altercation.
In 2013 he got into a fight after Johnny Herrera attacked him in the carpark after a race.
Loyet was unable to be reached for comment but it is understood he wanted to continue to race at Palmerston North on Tuesday night and Western Springs on Saturday before the ban.
"The lesson for everyone there is to leave it on the track, don't take it to the stewards because you might get stood down for 22 days," Mosen added.
The Former Governor of Kaduna State, Alhaji Ramalan Yero, has been detained at the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) zonal office in Kaduna, preparatory to his arraignment by the anti graft agency in court tomorrow (Thursday).
The former governor is in the custody of the EFCC alongside the former Kaduna State Chairman of the Peoplrs Democratic Party, Abubakar Gaya Haruna, the former Secretary to the state government, Hamza Ishaq and former minister, Nuhu Wya.
Though no official reason was given for their detention, an official of the commission who craved anonymity said they were being held preparatory to their arraignment in court.
“The case is coming up tomorrow so I can confirm to you that the former governor is here with us and he will be arraigned at the courts with the three others” the source said.
Yero is under investigation for the role he played in the disbursement of the N750 million PDP campaign fund before the 2015 general election.
The former governor was interrogated last week and made to sign some documents as part of the procedure for being under investigation but were allowed to go home after that.
They were held back today due to the case coming up at the court tomorrow (Thursday).
The Reva and David Logan Center for the Arts will launch a yearlong celebration of its fifth anniversary with the Logan Five Year Bash on Saturday, Oct. 7 from 11:30 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. Open to the public, the 12-hour event will feature continuous free programming for all ages, including art-making activities, exhibitions, performances, a BBQ and more throughout the 11-story building and its outside courtyard located at 915 E. 60th Street, Chicago.
Designed as a home for the creative life of the University of Chicago campus, the South Side and the city of Chicago, the Logan Center officially opened its doors in October 2012. It is a partner, resource and catalyst for developing deeper cultural networks and richer creative projects. This year's festivities will highlight the institution's impact on the lives of students, faculty, artists and arts organizations, and community members.
“We're excited to be celebrating the work of our students, faculty and the many artists and art organizations that the Logan works with across the University and the South Side,” said Bill Michel, executive director of UChicago Arts and the Logan Center. “They have contributed greatly to the success of our first five years and will be an essential part our our future. We look forward to welcoming artists and audiences of all ages to experience great art over the 12-hour festival.”
Hypnotic Brass Ensemble performs for local Chicago schools at the Logan Center. (Photo by Nancy Wong)
The Logan Five Year Bash includes a performance by the Hypnotic Brass Ensemble; poetry readings from the 2017 Gwendolyn Brooks Poetry Award winners; a screening and discussion with the South Side Home Movie Project; and a photo exhibition of jazz and blues scenes in conjunction with the annual Hyde Park Jazz Festival and the new Logan Center Bluesfest. Beginning at 5 p.m. will be a courtyard BBQ, which will feature live performances by UChicago's Dirt Re Brass Band and avery r. young & de deacon board.
The Five Year Bash will also host a special Jazz at the Logan series kick-off concert with woodwind virtuoso Anat Cohen and her Tentet, with guest singer-songwriter-multi-instrumentalist Robbie Fulks, featuring the premiere of a new work by Cohen commissioned for the occasion, as well as a series of free featured events including a Film Studies Center presentation of Sita Sings the Blues, the Music Department's Chamber Music Soirée student performance program, and An Evening of Dance: 6 Acts in Motion with community dance partners.
Ticket and registration information, as well as the full schedule of events, can be found at loganfiveyear.uchicago.edu.
Miami, USA – Lift It Moving & Storage is one of the most reliable moving companies Miami that offers an array of solutions and services for the most competitive prices out there.
No doubt, at times, we are in need of making a difficult decision in life. At times, we are getting a better job offer or are in need of getting closer to the loved ones and are therefore forced to move as soon as possible. Well, you will obviously be unable to move on your own – you are going to need help from the industry experts in order to make the process as straightforward as possible indeed.
With that said, even though the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of different long distance movers Miami, odds are, you are going to be off looking for the most reliable option out there and in addition the perfect combination of great price and quality. Well, Lift It Moving & Storage has years of experience on the market and is well-aware of all of your needs and will deliver the most outstanding results in no time at all. Unlike the vast majority of similar movers miami fl, the given professionals are going to be doing their very best in order to make the most from your requirements and will never put a single scratch on your possessions. Furthermore, punctuality is one of the qualities that the miami movers do have and you will not have to wait around long awaiting for them to arrive. Hence, if you are interested in finding the movers miami that will not let you down and will allow you to make the most from the moving process within the very least amount of time possible, this is the type of company that will not disappoint you indeed.
Unlike many other movers out there, Lift It Moving & Storage is offering the most comprehensive way to really make the most from your needs and requirements and without costing a small fortune for long distance moving solutions as well as any additional services and solutions out there.
About Lift It Moving & Storage:
Lift It Moving & Storage has years of experience in moving business and is therefore offering the most affordable as well as genuinely effective solutions that will not let you down. In order to get more information, do not hesitate to check out the official website asap.
Contact:
Company Name: Lift It Moving & Storage
Phone: 305-521-8553
Email: Info@LiftItMovingandStorage.com
Website: https://liftitmovingandstorage.com
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Audi is one of the few brands that offers a 12-cylinder engine in the form of the A8 W12. But after this new-generation A8, the W12 will be no more for the four rings.
“We will not have the 12-cylinder forever. There are customers who really want the 12-cylinder and they are happy with it and are going to get it. But this is going to be the last installation,” said Peter Mertens, Audi's R&D boss.
This decision won't affect the U.S. since Audi retired the W12 in 2017.
The W12 engine has only been modest seller since it was launched in 2011 for Europe and Asia, and in 2005 for the U.S.
Bentley will continue to use the W12 in the Bentayga and Continental GT.
Possibly on the cutting block is Audi's 5.2L V10 engine used in the R8. Various reports say Audi is working on a twin-turbo V6 for their supercar, which would likely divert a lot of the demand for the more expensive V10.
Source: Car and Driver
Hollywood actor Miles Teller will star alongside superstar Tom Cruise in the upcoming action flick ‘Top Gun 2'.
Tom Cruise will reprise the role of Maverick from his 1986 film ‘Top Gun'. According to The Hollywood Reporter Teller will play the role of the son of Maverick's friend (Goose) who dies in the first film.
It was a much sought-after role as Miles Teller beat ‘X-Men: First Class' actor Nicholas Hoult and ‘The Expendables 3' actor Glen Powell to bag it.
In the previous movie, Maverick blamed himself for the death of Goose (Anthony Edwards).
Joseph Kosinski is directing the movie, who also happened to direct Cruise in ‘Oblivion'.
Teller has starred in gritty dramas such as ‘Thank You for Your Service', and ‘Only the Brave' which too were directed by Kosinski.
Teller was last seen in ‘Whiplash'.
Hackers released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series ‘Game of Thrones', the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have released stolen information for several weeks, provided more unaired episodes, including the popular show ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm', which returns in October.
They also leaked episodes of ‘Insecure', ‘Ballers' and ‘The Deuce', according to the Associated Press.
Time Warner Inc's (TWX.N) HBO said Sunday in an emailed statement that it was “not in communication with the hacker, and we're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released”.
“It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO,” it said. “The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention. That's a game we're not going to participate in.”
HBO acknowledged the hack earlier this summer. It said the thieves had been leaking stolen materials and asking for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
The hack came at a sensitive time for HBO parent Time Warner as it awaits regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc (T.N) in an $85.4-billion-deal announced in October.
Hackers released more unaired episodes of popular HBO shows but the latest leak did not include anything on the hit series ‘Game of Thrones', the Associated Press reported on Sunday.
The hackers, who broke into HBO's computer network and have released stolen information for several weeks, provided more unaired episodes, including the popular show ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm', which returns in October.
They also leaked episodes of ‘Insecure', ‘Ballers' and ‘The Deuce', according to the Associated Press.
Time Warner Inc's (TWX.N) HBO said Sunday in an emailed statement that it was “not in communication with the hacker, and we're not going to comment every time a new piece of information is released”.
“It has been widely reported that there was a cyber incident at HBO,” it said. “The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention. That's a game we're not going to participate in.”
HBO acknowledged the hack earlier this summer. It said the thieves had been leaking stolen materials and asking for a multi-million-dollar ransom.
The hack came at a sensitive time for HBO parent Time Warner as it awaits regulatory approval to sell itself to AT&T Inc (T.N) in an $85.4-billion-deal announced in October.
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle Pause
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
1:38 Former Boise State TE battling cancer
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
Ride-sharing company Uber will expand into Otago in the coming months.
Dunedin and Queenstown will be the sixth and seventh cities in New Zealand where the sometimes controversial ride service is available.
A food delivery service based on the app, Uber Eats, will also be available in Dunedin.
Uber New Zealand general manager Richard Menzies said Uber was exploring options to expand into Otago, almost four years after it was first made available in Auckland.
Advertisement
Customers use the app on their smartphone to find, hail and pay for rides.
Locals would have the opportunity to earn extra income by signing up as drivers and the company would be holding information sessions next month, Mr Menzies said.
By expanding into the two locations, Uber was aiming to alleviate pressure on existing taxi services during weekends and major events like rugby games, he said.
Fares and pricing would be set closer to the launch date.
The San Francisco-based company will start advertising for drivers next week and information sessions will be held in Dunedin on April 11 and Queenstown on April 12.
Uber does not employ drivers; rather it takes a cut of each fare for the use of its app.
Its food delivery app, Uber Eats, works in a similar way.
Once the information sessions have finished, the company says it will assess the local market and aim to launch some time in May.
Uber has been criticised both in New Zealand and overseas for flouting local transport laws and not leaving drivers with a large enough percentage of the fare.
Uber's cut of the fare in other cities is about 25%.
Concerns about the safety of passengers have also been raised.
But spokeswoman Nicky Preston said since the Government made changes to the NZ Land Transport Bill, all drivers needed to hold a P endorsement on their full licence and be over the age of 21.
Each driver needed to pass a background check, be insured, be able to be tracked by GPS, and hold accreditation.
Since launching in New Zealand in 2014, the app had been downloaded about 400,000 times and there were about 4000 drivers registered, she said.
What is Uber?
• A ride-sharing app that can be downloaded to a smartphone.
• Customers enter their destination and using GPS, the app finds free drivers close by.
• An estimate of the fare is shown on the phone before the ride is accepted.
• All the driver's information is available, including vehicle registration.
• Payment is made online by credit card so no cash is needed.
• Once the ride is over, both the passenger and the driver can rate each other.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Russia's spat with the US is not a return to the cold war
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The death has occurred of Margaret (Peggy) O'Sullivan (née English), 34 Liam Lynch Park, Mitchelstown, Cork and Ballylanders, Limerick, unexpectedly at Cork University Hospital.
Predeceased by her mother Philomena and sister Ellen. Sadly missed by her loving father Jim English, brothers John and Edward, sisters Nora (O'Donnell) and Mary (Maisie), sister-in-law Mary, brother-in-law Michael, uncle, aunts, nephews, niece, relatives, neighbours and friends.
Reposing at Ryan's Funeral Home, Ballylanders V35 A3F4 this Thursday evening from 6.30pm. Removal at 8.30pm to Mitchelstown Pasish Church. Funeral Mass on Friday at 10am. Burial afterwards in Ballylanders Cemetery.
The death has occurred of Jackie Bourke, Galbally, Tipperary, formerly of Tipperary Co-op.
Deeply regretted by his loving wife Shelia, daughter Margaret (Cappawhite) and Mary (O'Gorman, Clonoulty), sons Jack & Paddy, sisters Peggy McGovern (England) and Julia Pigott (Dublin), sons-in-law John Paul & Tommie, daughters-in-law Annette & Caroline, adored grandchildren Danni, Amy, Ciara, Séan, Emily, Paudie, Cathal & Jack, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives, neighbours and many friends.
Reposing at his residence Knockanbrack, E34 E364, this Thursday evening from 4pm to 8pm. Remains arriving at the Church of the Sacred Heart, Lisvernane, Friday morning at 11.45am for 12noon Mass. Burial afterwards in Ballinacourty Cemetery. Family flowers only please.
The death has occurred of Anthony Duggan, Mount Arbour, Dooradoyle and late of Garryowen Football Club, peacefully in Milford Care Centre.
Deeply regretted by his loving wife Bridie, children Mark, Elizabeth, Michelle, Ian and Claire sons-in-law Patrick & Brian, grandchildren, brothers, sisters, brothers-in-law sisters-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives & friends.
Reposing at Milford Care Centre Mortuary on Thursday (July 5th) from 5pm. Removal at 7pm to St. Nessan's Church, Raheen. Requiem Mass on Friday (July 6th) at 12noon. Burial afterwards in Castlemungret Cemetery. Family flowers only, donations if desired to Milford Care Centre.
CONCORD, N.H. — Eight New Hampshire properties have been added to the state's register of historic places, including an airport hangar and a stone tavern.
The New Hampshire Division of Historical Resources made the announcement Wednesday. Beyond acknowledgement of the property's historical significance, the buildings can receive relief from some building codes and regulations and are pre-qualified for many grant programs.
Some properties added to the register include Alexandria's Town Hall, built in 1913, and the Stone House Tavern in Chesterfield, built in 1831. The Parlin Field Hangar, located in Newport, has been part of the town's general aviation airport since 1929 and was built in a fashion that rose to popularity during the early days of airplane travel.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — People from all over the world will be coming to Minneapolis this weekend.
That means it's a good time to show off some of our Minnesota classics.
Despite the grape salad fiasco, Minnesota is known for several popular food staples and we have a great collection of locally owned businesses.
They came from Philly, Boston, Long Beach, California.
“Everybody talked about a Jucy Lucy so we started researching and it said the original one was here,” one visitor said.
The Jucy Lucy — and the debate of who created the original — is a Minnesota rite of passage.
The line was out the door with Super Bowl travelers wanting a taste of that oozy goodness at Matt's Bar.
“We're doing 6 to 800 per day. A lot of burgers off a little grill,” general manager Paul Rees said.
But if a neighborhood bar isn't your thing, how about the catch of the day.
The locally sourced Walleye at Zelo can be found right off the Super Bowl festivities along Nicollet Mall downtown.
“We're looking forward to seeing how busy we can handle and we've been doing a really good job so far,” sous chef Nate Hanssen said.
Of course Minnesota is known for more than just the food. The North Local Market inside City Center shows off dozens of locally made merchandise for your Bold North Pride, like travel and apparel accessories from Urban Undercover
“It's a great opportunity. It's been amazing and the feedback we're getting from people in the building, too, is awesome,” Sairey Gernes with Urban Undercover said.
So even if the cold isn't your thing, we're still proud of what we've got in Minnesota
“First time I ever had this thing, it was better than expected,” a Philadelphia Eagles fan said.
A restaurant that is known for bringing in celebrities when they're in town is Spoon and Stable in Minneapolis. They are booked for a private event Friday night and most reservations are taken up.
But the bar is always open so if you can find a walk up spot you can do that and there are actually a few reservations open Sunday. The catch? They're during the Super Bowl.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Boris Johnson deserves to go to jail because of the way he campaigned during the EU referendum .
That's the verdict of a former senior Conservative , James Chapman.
Mr Chapman was former Tory Chancellor George Osborne's special adviser, which meant it was his job to explain Mr Osborne's thinking to the media.
He went on to work for David Davis, the Brexit Secretary.
But now he's left the government, and he's angry about Brexit.
He said that an “effective” electoral law would jail people for saying things that aren't true.
And he highlighted the claim on the Leave campaign bus, which ferried Boris Johnson around the country, that quitting the EU would free up £350 million a week for the NHS.
But that's not the only thing Mr Chapman is suggesting.
He argues that the Tories will never win an election because Prime Minister Theresa May's approach to Brexit will “take the economy off a cliff”.
Labour has also been taken over by the “fringe” – a reference to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn – says Mr Chapman.
And he argues the Liberal Democrats are pretty much finished too, as their recent election results suggest.
His solution is to create a new 'centrist' political party, which he says should be called the Democrats.
Perhaps there's some logic to this. Labour has undoubtedly shifted to the left.
It's also true that Labour and the Conservatives have a similar approach to Brexit. Both insist on leaving the single market and ending freedom of movement, even though we could quit the EU without doing this.
Maybe there's a vacancy for a party which aims for the centre ground in a similar way to former Labour leader Tony Blair – and which aims to reverse Brexit, or at least to aim for a “softer” version of it.
But something similar happened in the 1980s, when Labour moderates, and a few Tories, formed a pro-EU party called the Social Democratic Party (SDP).
It enjoyed some success, winning 25 per cent of the vote in 1983, in alliance with the Liberal Party.
But that was only enough to give it 23 out of 650 seats in the House of Commons.
This is a result of how our election system works.
A number of MPs switched parties and joined the SDP. But the next time an election came – and they tried standing as an SDP candidate – most were defeated and lost their seats.
The SDP isn't the only reason today's politicians are unlikely to try forming a new party. But it's certainly an experience they're not going to want to repeat.
During their time in the'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! jungle, the celebs were surviving on basic rations of rice and beans, and relying on each other to win Bushtucker Trials in order to get a proper supper.
A source told The Mirror that after just 13 days in the jungle, the campmates had lost a collective six stone - which makes their 'Before' and 'After' photos after 21 days pretty staggering. Let's hope they've got a nutritionist (and breakfast buffet, duh) on hand so they can return to a healthy diet ASAP.
Now did someone order a full English with extra hash browns?
CHEESIER THAN A BAD PICK-UP LINE: The new Four Cheeses pizza on the menu for customers at Domino's.
THE internet hasn't been broken since Kim Kardashian forgot to wear pants, but Domino's gave it a mighty shake during the week.
After launching its Quality Fresh menu, the revamped brand took the unprecedented step of offering 10,001 free pizzas for customers.
A Domino's spokeswoman said that the company was inundated with requests for the offer.
"We partnered with one of the world's leading providers in online competitions and the response from our fans was amazing,” she said.
"More than 100,000 people logged on in the space of 90 minutes.
"More than two thirds of those people who received a voucher have already enjoyed their free premium pizza.
"Our fans are so hungry for our new menu, and free pizza, that they almost broke the internet.”
The Quality Fresh menu was launched by Domino's last Monday, in response to market research finding that customers wanted more premium pizzas offered.
The Domino's spokeswoman said that the response had been positive so far.
"We have had an overwhelming response from our loyal customers about how much they
love the new range,” she said.
"Customers are loving the new pizzas which include the Loaded Supreme, Cheesy Bacon Hawaiian, Mega Meatlovers, Four Cheese Deluxe, Grand Italian, Chicken and Camembert, Spicy BBQ Pork and Bacon and they also love our new Cheesy Herb and Garlic Baguette.”
SALTILLO – It's been a journey filled with peaks and valleys, but candle company Wicks n' More continues to fight its way back to regain its place in the market.
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – A Silicon Valley company has purchased Portland-based Viewpoint Construction Software for $1.2 billion in cash.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports the Monday deal appears to be the biggest deal ever for a Portland tech company.
The buyer is Trimble, which makes technology for the construction, agriculture and transportation markets. The California company reported revenue of $2.7 billion last year and said it expects about $200 million in additional revenue from Viewpoint in 2018.
Viewpoint said its Portland office will remain the center of its operations and the company will “continue to hire aggressively.” Viewpoint said it will operate with a large degree of independence within Trimble and retain its executive team and employees.
Viewpoint employs more than 700 people, about half of them at its headquarters near the Hawthorne Bridge.
—
Information from: The Oregonian/OregonLive, http://www.oregonlive.com
BRIDGEPORT, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut zoo is welcoming the addition of two tiger cubs.
Beardsley Zoo in Bridgeport said Monday that its 10-year-old Amur tiger, Changbai, gave birth Nov. 25 to four tiger cubs, but only two survived. The surviving female cubs were taken from Changbai when she showed no interest in taking care of them.
The 2-week-old cubs are in seclusion in the zoo hospital. Staff is hand-feeding the cubs five times a day.
The zoo says one of the four kittens had been found unresponsive after birth and a second kitten died later that night.
Advertisement
Director Gregg Dancho says every possible effort was being made to help the kittens survive.
The zoo says Amur tigers, also known as Siberian tigers, are very rare.
BEIRUT (AP) — A Syrian war monitoring group says Islamic State militants have captured a largely vacant neighborhood in Damascus following intense fighting with pro-government forces.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says militants seized Qadam late on Monday, a week after Syrian rebels had surrendered the neighborhood to the government
The Observatory says 36 pro-government fighters were killed in clashes, and dozens more wounded or captured. It says the Syrian government has sent reinforcements into the area.
Earlier, IS claimed to have captured Qadam in a statement circulating on Twitter.
Advertisement
There was no immediate comment from the government.
The fighting in Qadam, which is south of Damascus, came as Syrian forces are focused on recapturing the rebel-held eastern Ghouta suburbs of the country's capital.
How to conserve mobile data to save money
Anyone with a smartphone is familiar with data plans. In fact, data may be more important to consumers than their phone minutes, as making phone calls has taken a backseat to various other smartphone capabilities.
Deciphering data plans has become complicated. As major mobile carriers frequently jockey for position, the prices of plans change depending on various factors, including data. Short-term offers to lure in new customers can also complicate matters, as can decide just how much data one person needs.
Consumer Reports has done the research and offers their comparison on the most promising data plans. However, people looking to maximize the data they have and not incur any overage charges can consider these tips to conserve data and save money.
Restrict automatic downloads. Adjust phone settings to prevent operating systems from automatically downloading movies or apps or making phone updates when you are away from a Wi-Fi signal. This will cut down on data usage and improve the speed of downloads.
Disable background app refresh. On iOS systems, apps may update in the background to show new content when you return to them. To conserve data, select which apps to refresh in the background rather than having them all do so.
Take note of data usage. Determine how much data you're consuming by examining current and past statements. Some providers enable you to set limits on data usage and even alert you when you're getting close.
Connect to Wi-Fi whenever possible. Many public places now provide Wi-Fi access. As long as you are not sharing sensitive information, it can be safe to use public Wi-Fi, which should not count against your data consumption.
Turn maps off. Navigation apps can draw a lot of data. Turning them off when they're not being used can reduce data consumption. Some maps can be exported as PDFs, which can be referred to while maps are offline as well.
Preserve your cache. Waiting for images from frequently visited websites to download each time you visit a site can drain data. Preserving your cache can reduce the amount of time it takes for websites to open.
Use mobile websites. Many mobile versions of sites are optimized to condense images and other files, which can reduce data consumption.
Opt for offline listening. The popular audio streaming apps have different offline options where music can be downloaded and played without having to stream over a connection.
Smartphone users can reduce their data consumption in various ways, and doing so can help save money.
Mushroom materials are produced from agricultural waste and mushroom roots. Mushroom roots contain mycelium, a fungus that converts hydrocarbons into carbohydrate chains. The chains then wrap themselves around anything that gets in the way as tightly as a web. Agricultural waste products such as mixture of rice husks, corn stalks, or any other crop waste are mixed with mycelium in order to provide the fungus a medium of growth.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/mushroom-materials-market.html
Mycelium grows underground in the absence of light, and its growth does not require any external force. Over the space of a few days, the fungus fibers bind the waste together, forming a solid shape, which is then dried to stop it growing any further. Once dried, this mycelium-built material can then be sanded and painted to resemble other building materials. These structures are rigid and are used in the production of electronic components, spare parts, and other accessories or components. These materials can be molded into durable boards needed in the furniture industry. Mushroom materials can withstand extreme temperatures, and when their lifetime of use is over, they can be easily composted.
Mushroom materials do not degrade without exposure to living organisms, such as those found in soil biota, and moisture. Mycelium is used as a bonding agent to hold together wood particles for paneling, as well as for a durable, flame-retardant, and lightweight packaging. Mushroom materials are high performing, cost competitive, volatile organic compounds free, not derived from petroleum or food, naturally fire resistant, rapidly renewable, and fine-tunable to meet the needs.
The mushroom materials market can be classified based on feedstock, application, and geography. In terms of feedstock, the mushroom materials market can be segmented into rice husks, corn stalks, or any other crop waste. The rice husks segment is likely to hold a major share in the mushroom materials market in the near future. Based on application, the mushroom materials market can be split into thermal insulation panels, building materials, protective packaging, and others. The others segment includes mushroom materials used in the manufacture of decorative items such as table lamps, flower pots, and others. Building materials is likely to be a dominant segment of the mushroom materials market during the forecast period. Building products manufactured from mushroom materials offer high performance ability, fire resistance, and can be easily molded. Mushroom materials possess natural aesthetic properties and are priced competitively compared to most fabricated plastic foams.
Mushroom materials are light in weight, ecofriendly, and easy to transport. These properties are projected to boost their demand in the near future, driving the mushroom materials market. However, limited availability of raw materials such as mushroom roots and other agricultural waste is estimated to be a major constraint for the mushroom materials market.
In terms of region, the global mushroom materials market can be segregated into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is a dominant region of the mushroom materials market followed by Europe. This is due to the large presence of raw material manufacturers in these regions. The mushroom materials market in Asia Pacific is expected to expand at a significant pace during the forecast period due to the availability of the agricultural waste in the region.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42749
Key players in the mushroom materials market are Ecovative Design and MycoWorks.
The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website:http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
WASHINGTON (AP) — A group of former students defrauded by for-profit colleges is claiming in court that the Education Department illegally obtained and used their Social Security data to limit their student loan relief.
The Education Department announced in December that it will start granting some former students at the now-defunct Corinthian Colleges only partial federal student loan forgiveness in part to save taxpayers' money. The agency said it will use students' earnings data to determine how much of their loans to forgive.
Some students have already received noticed from the department they will see only 50 percent or less of their loan wiped out, the Associated Press reported last week.
But a motion filed by several former Corinthian students over the weekend claims that the agency had obtained the figures from the Social Security Administration in violation of several laws as well as the Constitution. Attorneys with the Project on Predatory Student Lending at Harvard University representing the students say the agency should have turned to the students for their data as well as notified them of its actions in order to give them a chance to react.
Advertisement
The department "has secretly and illegally coopted Social Security data to try to argue for something less than the complete cancellation and refund that these borrowers are due," said attorney Joshua Rovenger.
The motion, filed in federal court in California, is asking that the notices of partial relief be rescinded. The filing is part of a larger suit against the department.
The Education Department declined to comment on pending litigation.
The Social Security Administration did not return requests for comment.
The Obama administration went hard after for-profit colleges accused of fraud, closing down Corinthian and other major chains and tightening regulations for those schools. The administration also spent $550 million to fully forgive student loans for tens of thousands of students.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has set out to overhaul the sector. She says the Obama regulations were unfair and is writing new ones. She says her new system of partial loan forgiveness will be fairer to students and taxpayers.
Tens of thousands more students are currently waiting for the agency to decide their cases.
Multifunction displays (MFD) is a small liquid crystal display (LCD) or cathode ray tube (CRT) screen that contains multiple soft buttons through which user receives information in several configurable ways. Multifunction displays (MFD) find its application across various military aircraft, modern vehicles and others to navigate direction, status information as well as for various entertainment purposes. Thus, MFD improve accuracy and functionality of various application segments provide enhanced safety and awareness to all kinds of users. By 2020, the aviation industry is expected to capture a huge share of the Multifunction displays market globally.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/multifunction-display-market.html
Implementation of Blue Ocean strategy is considered to be an important factor predicted to drive the market of Multifunction displays (MFD) during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. MFD market adopt the Blue Ocean strategy because the strategy provides a marketplace which is free from rivals and competition. Thus, it helps the producers of this market to produce unique products at low cost and earn profit in a lucrative manner. Moreover, rising demand for auto-pilot landing systems is also anticipated to trigger the demand of Multifunction displays (MFD). It is because MFD are used in modern auto-pilot landing system to help the pilot to land safely in limited visibility and adverse weather conditions. In addition, increasing demand of aircraft deliveries also predicted to increase the demand for Multifunction displays (MFD) owing to its extensive use in modern aircraft. Military sector uses MFD because it consumes less time and space in cockpit to provide information to the pilot regarding navigation route, weapon seeker, weather radar, and other airport information. Therefore, growing requirements in the military sector further boost the demand for electronic flight instruments that consist of Multifunction displays.
However, installation of Multifunction displays in auto-pilot landing system increases the overall production cost. This in turn is anticipated to deter the demand of MFD, there by affecting the market negatively. Moreover, helmet mounted display (HMD) consists of Multifunction displays which allows pilot to receive information regarding airspeed, target range, weapon seeker, altitude, and others via sensors, thus, eliminating the need of manual operation. Thus, critical production structure of HMD reduces its demand, which in turn also reduces the demand for Multifunction displays.
Global MFD market can be segmented on the basis of type, size and application. Based on type the market can be categorized into Helmet mounted display (HMD), Heads-up display (HUD), Electronic flight display (EFD) and Portable Multifunction displays. On the other hand, by size, the Multifunction displays market can be segmented into less than 5”, 5”-10”, and 10”-15”. Rise in demand of augmented reality (AR) in turn is expected to increase the demand for HUD at an exponential rate in the coming years.
By technology, multi-function displays market can be bifurcated into synthetic vision system, light emitting diode (LED), liquid crystal display (LCD), Active Matrix Liquid Crystal Displays (AMLCD), Organic Light Emitting Diodes (QLED), and Thin film transistor (TFT). Based on technology, the Multifunction displays market is majorly driven by LEDs, Synthetic Vision Systems, and AMLCDs among others. LED technologies are mainly used in the aviation sector because of better performance over fluctuating light levels, reliability, and temperature.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=15065
By geography, Multifunction displays (MFD) market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the world (ROW). Geographically, North America held the largest market share of MFD market owing to robust investment in research and development in the field of technology. However, Asia Pacific region is anticipated to witness the fastest growing market during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024.
Some of the major players operating in the Multifunction displays (MFD) market includes Garmin Ltd (U.S), Thales SA (France), Rockwell Collins (U.S.A), Honeywell Aerospace (U.S), and SAAB AB (Sweden), Universal Avionics Systems (U.S), DeihlAerosystems (Germany) , Garmin (U.S), L-3 Communications (U.S), BAE Systems (U.K), Esterline technologies (Washington) , Barco N.V (Belgium), Samtel Group (India) and others.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Un De Sceaux saw off stable companion Douvan to claim victory in the BoyleSports Champion Chase at Punchestown.
Trainer Willie Mullins saddled four of the nine runners in the two-mile Grade One, with Douvan the 4-5 favourite under Paul Townend.
However, the admirable Un De Sceaux, ridden by the trainer's son, Patrick, fenced fluently out in front and passed the post two and three-quarters of a length ahead of the odds-on market leader.
A Toi Phil finished third, but was another seven lengths adrift at the line.
Patrick Mullins said: “I've been dreaming about riding that horse. When I was told I was riding him I was like Charlie when he got the golden ticket off Willie Wonka!
“I schooled him yesterday and even schooling him was some buzz.
“It took him a while to warm up into the race. He didn't jump or travel like he can and I was a little worried, but I think that was just the good ground.
“Once he'd warmed up I just let him at it and he runs horses into the ground.”
He added: “Realistically I didn't think he was going to beat Douvan or Min on this ground over this trip, but he's a horse that always runs well, so you can never count him out.”
The Storyteller (16-1) claimed victory in a dramatic renewal of the Growise Champion Novice Chase.
A field of 11 went to post for the three-mile Grade One, with title-chasing trainers Willie Mullins and Gordon Elliott saddling three and five runners respectively.
Mullins looked in a strong position rounding the home turn, with Invitation Only and Al Boum Photo both in contention either side of Henry de Bromhead's 2-1 favourite Monalee.
However, few could have envisaged what would happen next.
Monalee took a crashing fall two fences from home, badly hampering Invitation Only, who unshipped David Mullins.
That incident left Al Boum Photo in command before jockey Paul Townend tried to manoeuvre his mount across the track, and in doing so ended up taking both himself and Finian's Oscar out of the race.
The Storyteller, who won a handicap at last month's Cheltenham Festival, was left in front in the hands of Davy Russell and galloped on to lead home a one-two-three for Elliott, with Monbeg Notorious and Jury Duty finishing second and third respectively.
Al Boum Photo and Jockey Paul Townend collide with Finian's Oscar on day one at Punchestown. Photograph: Niall Carson/PA
Draconien (25-1) got Willie Mullins off to a flying start at this year's Festival after springing a surprise in the Herald Champion Novice Hurdle.
The reigning champion trainer has significant ground to make up on rival Gordon Elliott in this year's title race, but reduced the deficit in the first Grade One contest of the week.
Mullins fielded four of the 10 runners and it was his 11-10 favourite Getabird who cut out much of the running in the hands Paul Townend.
However, he was a spent force from the home turn and was first claimed by Colin Tizzard's British challenger Vision Des Flos, before 25-1 shot Draconien came through under a confident Noel Fehily to claim victory by two and a quarter length.
Vision Des Flos was a clear second, with Elliott's Mengli Khan best of the rest in third.
Draconien (R) jumps the last en route to victory in the Champion Novice Hurdle at Punchestown. Photograph: Alan Crowhurst/Getty
Just Wait And See gamely held off Blue Templar to win the Kildare Hunt Club Fr Sean Breen Memorial Chase for the Ladies Perpetual Cup, the first race of the 2018 Festival.
Ridden by Billy Gleeson and trained by his father, John, the victorious 16-1 chance hit the front inside the final half a mile.
But Derek O'Connor conjured up a late rally from Blue Templar, having been under pressure from some way out, and only went down by a head in a thrilling finish.
John Gleeson said: “I only have a handful of horses to keep an interest in the game. This has given me the biggest buzz I've ever had in my life.”
Billy Gleeson said: “We've had the horse since he was four.
“He's a real fun horse — a very clever jumper — and God knows how many fences he's jumped in his life.”
Later True Self (12-1) showed a smart turn of foot under Rachael Blackmore to win the valuable Killashee Handicap Hurdle.
The Willie Mullins-trained mare shot clear turning into the straight and despite slowing up heading to the last, soon regained momentum to beat Joey Sasa.
Mullins' title rival Elliott struck back as Commander Of Fleet dominated his rivals in the Goffs Land Rover Bumper.
The Gigginstown House Stud-owned point-to-point winner was a 5-1 shot for his rules debut and after being ridden prominently from the off by Barry O'Neill, he streaked clear in the home straight for a wide-margin victory.
Column Of Fire and Santana Plessis finished second and third respectively to give Elliott a one-two-three.
Elliott said “He's a nice horse and a big thanks goes to Pat Doyle, who trained him to win a point-to-point.
“I've only had him from the week after he won his point-to-point. I haven't galloped him, just cantered him away. Pat did all the hard work with him.
“He'll be a nice horse with a summer's grass.”
What we eat can influence more than our waistlines. It turns out, our diets also help determine what we smell like.
A recent study found that women preferred the body odor of men who ate a lot of fruits and vegetables. Whereas men who ate a lot of carbohydrates gave off a smell that was less appealing.
Skeptical? At first, I was, too. I thought this line of inquiry must have been dreamed up by the produce industry. (Makes a good marketing campaign, right?!)
But it's legit. "We've known for a while that odor is an important component of attractiveness, especially for women," says Ian Stephen of Macquarie University in Australia. He studies evolution, genetics and psychology and is an author of the study.
From an evolutionary perspective, scientists say our sweat can help signal our health status, and could possibly play a role in helping attract a mate.
So, how did scientists evaluate the link between diet and the attractiveness of body odor?
They began by recruiting a bunch of healthy, young men. They assessed the men's skin using an instrument called a spectrophotometer. When people eat a lot of colorful veggies, their skin takes on the hue of carotenoids, the plant pigments that are responsible for bright red, yellow and orange foods.
"The carotenoids get deposited in our skin," explains Stephen. The spectrophotometer "flashes a light onto your skin and measures the color reflected back," says Stephen. The results are "a good indicator of how much fruits and vegetables we're eating," he says.
Stephen and his colleagues also had the men in the study compete food frequency questionnaires, so they could determine the men's overall patterns of eating. Then, men were given clean T-shirts and asked to do some exercise.
Afterwards, women in the study were asked to sniff the sweat. (Note: The methodology was much more scientific and precise than my breezy explanation, but you get the picture!) "We asked the women to rate how much they liked it, how floral, how fruity," and a bunch of other descriptors, explains Stephen.
It's a small study, but the results were pretty consistent. "Women basically found that men who ate more vegetables smelled nicer," Stephen told us.
Men who ate a lot of meat did not produce a sweat that was any more — or less — attractive to women. But meat did tend to make men's odor more intense.
"This is not the first study to show that diet influences body odor," says George Preti, an adjunct professor in the dermatology department at the University of Pennsylvania and a member of the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia.
A study published in 2006 found that women preferred the odor of men who ate a non-meat diet, "characterized by increased intakes of eggs, cheese, soy, fruit and vegetables."
But Preti points out that the relationship between diet and body odor is indirect.
Some people think if they eat a garlic or onion — or a piece of meat — they will smell like that food. "But that's not what happens," Preti says. Your breath might smell like the food you eat, but not your sweat.
Body odor is created when the bacteria on our skin metabolize the compounds that come out of our sweat glands.
"The sweat doesn't come out smelly," Preti explains, "It must be metabolized by the bacteria that live on the surface of the skin."
Now, of course, at a time when good hygiene and deodorant use are commonplace, is the smell of our sweat a big concern?
I put that question to the happy-hour crowd at a bar down the street from the NPR headquarters in Washington, D.C.
"I'm pretty OK with my smell," Stefan Ruffini told me. That evening he was ordering a burger on a bun and a side of fries, along with a beer. When I told him about the findings of the study, he laughed it off.
"I've got a girlfriend, so I don't worry about these things!"he said.
The study did not assess diet and odor attractiveness among same-sex couples.
"As a lesbian, I haven't smelled a man in several years," Stacy Carroll, who was also at happy hour, told me. "I eat a lot of produce, I have a girlfriend, so it's working out!"
Carroll says people who eat a lot of fruits and vegetables are more likely to be interested in their health --"feeling good, looking fit" — than their smell.
Grass-fed beef just came off the North London dinner party menu. A report by the Food Climate Research Network at the University of Oxford dismissed claims by Prince Charles and others that grazing animals on permanent pasture can reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
The old argument was that the carbon dioxide absorbed by growing grass outweighed the greenhouse gas emissions generated from the stomachs of the cows. But a comprehensive study by FCRN found that this is only the case in a very small number of well-managed farms. In most cases the amount of methane in a cow's burps far outweighs the carbon stored in the soil through allowing grass to grow.
Dr Tara Garnett, lead author of the study, says that no-one is getting a ‘climate change free lunch'.
‘Ultimately, if high consuming individuals and countries want to do something positive for the climate, maintaining their current consumption levels but simply switching to grass-fed beef is not a solution,' she says.
But does this mean we should stop eating grass-fed beef altogether?
Let's look at the alternatives. Dr Garnett, who is a vegetarian, says eating cheap chicken and pork is not the answer. She points out that the growth of intensive farming is leading to the clearance of forests in other countries to grow feed crops such as GM soy. Instead she talks about eating less meat and by less, I mean a lot less.
Chapter 5 of the report sets out how much meat would be available if animals were only grazed on land that could not be used to grow human food, by-products of agriculture or food waste. The amount of meat available under this ‘livestock on leftovers' model is about 21g of animal protein per person per day, so a small steak every week. This is much lower than previous estimates by WWF and others, but it is not nothing.
Then there are all the other benefits of grass-fed beef. Biodiversity tends to be higher on mixed farms where there is livestock as well as arable fields because of the different habitats provided. Lapwings are just one species that benefit from grazed grassland.
Livelihoods and landscape is also important to consider. In Britain especially remote rural economies rely on farm work and much of the landscape we know and love is maintained to handle livestock.
The Sustainable Food Trust argue that these benefits are just part of the picture. Patrick Holden, the Chief Executive, points out that animal manure can be used to fertilise crops, therefore reducing the need for chemicals and improving soils. He says the future of sustainable British agriculture will rely on this kind of mixed farms and if people really want to improve the environment they should be eating more British grass-fed beef, not less.
It can be confusing for the consumer attempting to be an ‘ethical carnivore', never mind someone in North London preparing to host a dinner party for environmentalists. My advice would be stick to vegetarian or vegan Ottolenghi and very occasionally serve up a damn good grass-fed steak.
Louise Gray is the author of The Ethical Carnivore
BALTIMORE (AP) — U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the new chief of Homeland Security will use Baltimore as a backdrop to talk about efforts to combat a notorious gang with law enforcement and immigration actions.
Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen (KEERST-jen kneel-sen) will speak Tuesday about the Trump administration's efforts to fight the MS-13 gang. They'll join officials at the U.S. attorney's office.
MS-13 members are suspected of committing high-profile slayings in Maryland, Virginia and New York. A hallmark of the gang, which has ties to Central America, is repeated slashes to a victim's body.
The gang has become a prime target of the Trump administration amid its broader crackdown on immigration. Authorities said a national sweep in October netted more than 200 members.
Hi! We notice you're using an ad blocker. Please consider whitelisting Autoblog.
We get it. Ads can be annoying. But ads are also how we keep the garage doors open and the lights on here at Autoblog - and keep our stories free for you and for everyone. And free is good, right? If you'd be so kind as to whitelist our site, we promise to keep bringing you great content. Thanks for that. And thanks for reading Autoblog.
Whitelist Us!
Dive Brief:
Achieve, a national education non-profit, is cautioning California and other states against substituting the ACT or SAT for state accountability tests, citing concerns over whether college readiness tests adequately measure how well students are learning state academic standards, EdSource reports.
Under the ESSA flexibility, California is currently considering a bill that would require the state superintendent of public instruction to select a college readiness test as an alternative to the current Smarter Balanced test beginning in the 2019-20 school year.
Though 13 states already plan to offer the SAT or ACT instead of state assessments and more states are considering the move, Achieve warns that the test substitution will “distort” teacher priorities as they align instruction to the new tests.
Dive Insight:
The Every Student Succeeds Act allows states more flexibility regarding testing options, but this flexibility seems to be creating more stress — at least initially — as they struggle to make the best decisions for their students. California seems to highlight that struggle as it weighs the options.
College readiness exams, such as the ACT and SAT, are shorter, allow more time for classroom instruction, and offer all students the opportunity to take college readiness tests for free, an important step toward college admission. On the other hand, critics argue that the college assessments are not fair to all students and do not adequately measure learning of specific state standards.
To make the issue more complicated, there is money involved. In an earlier article from EdSource, John Fensterwald wrote: “Switching to SAT or ACT also would mean a loss of revenue for the Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium, a states-run organization in which California is a governing member and the largest contributor.” And IB educators who have examined the two tests federally funded under the Obama administration — Smarter Balanced and the Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers, or PARCC — say they are just glorified multiple-choice tests.
In an article in US News and World Report, John Murphy, principal of South Side High School in Rockville Centre, NY, which offers IB courses to all students regardless of grade-point average, said of these tests: "We have to be practical, and prepare kids so they can pass the tests. But the tests are so flawed that it's impossible to base instruction on them."
On Saturday, white supremacists converged on Charlottesville, Va. to protest the pending removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. Their stated goal: to "take America back" — and to begin doing so by saving Lee's monument, which has become a lightning rod since the local city council voted to remove it earlier this year.
Within hours, three people had died in the chaos surrounding the gathering — one of whom was rammed by a car allegedly driven by a rally attendee.
And within three days, politicians in a number of cities, far from protecting their own Confederate monuments, had instead moved to hasten their removal. In Baltimore and Jacksonville, Fla., in Memphis and Lexington, Ky., local leaders acted to begin getting rid of these long-standing landmarks.
"Mayors are on the razor's edge. When you see the tension. When you see the violence that we saw in Charlottesville," Lexington Mayor Jim Gray told a local CBS affiliate, "then you know that we must act."
He said Sunday he has recommended to the city council that the statues depicting Confederate officers John C. Breckinridge and John Hunt Morgan be relocated to a new site where they would stand side by side with with "two monuments to the Union effort." In their current location, the Confederate monuments stand on land that formerly played host to one of the South's largest slave auction blocks.
"It's just not right that we would continue to honor these Confederate men who fought to preserve slavery on the same ground as men, women and even children were once sold into a life of slavery," Gray said in a video statement. "Relocating these statues and explaining them is the right thing to do."
Meanwhile, in Memphis, city leaders re-asserted their longstanding resistance to Confederate monuments on public land, promising again to fight for those statues' removal. State lawmakers have required that these memorials could only be moved with a waiver from the Tennessee Historical Commission, which has previously rejected the city's attempts to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest.
"What Nathan Bedford Forrest stood for doesn't express the views of this community at this time," City Attorney Bruce McMullen told the local Commercial Appeal, "and it's counterproductive to what we want this community to be, and that is an inclusive community working together."
Along with the still-pending waiver application to have Forrest's statue removed, McMullen told the paper the city plans to apply for a waiver to pull a monument to Confederate President Jefferson Davis from a park.
In Baltimore, too, Mayor Catherine Pugh said Monday that she had reached out to contractors to discuss relocating the city's four monuments to the Confederacy, according to The Baltimore Sun.
The city council president in Jacksonville, Fla., said Monday she is preparing a plan to relocate its Confederate monuments "from public property to museums and educational institutions where they can be respectfully preserved and historically contextualized." Elsewhere in Florida, in Gainesville, construction workers took down a 113-year-old Confederate statue Monday morning.
"There was no riot. No protesters showed up," The Gainesville Sun reported.
Some protesters did not even wait for city leaders. In Durham, N.C., shouting demonstrators pulled down a monument to Confederate soldiers, kicking it after it fell to the ground.
In all, "at least 1,500 symbols of the Confederacy can be found in public spaces across the country, mostly in the Deep South," the Southern Poverty Law Center noted in a report last year. "Most were put in place during the early decades of Jim Crow or in reaction to the civil rights movement."
And many of them remain flashpoints of controversy between those who wish to see them removed and those who see them as crucial markers of their community's past.
As for Lexington, Gray said the relocation of his city's monuments would enable residents to "tell the story accurately and share a truthful history."
"It's true that hiding our history won't allow our future generations to learn and avoid the same mistakes," Gray said. "But keeping monuments to those who fought to preserve slavery on this hallowed ground is simply not right."
By Emmanuel Aziken
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC was at the weekend put on the alert over an alleged plot by one or more of the four governorship aspirants in the National Assembly to use funds accumulated from constituency funds to bribe delegates in the forthcoming APC and PDP primaries.
The petition by the Anambra Conscience Movement, also said that the National Assembly governorship aspirant(s) may have also diverted aids and other supports meant for their constituencies to use as bribe at the forthcoming governorship primaries.
The petition specifically charged the anti-graft commission to investigate the source of funds used by the aspirants to purchase motor-cycles, tricycles, grinding machines and other materials it claimed some of the aspirants want to use as bribe in the forthcoming primaries.
The movement specifically mentioned Senator Stella Oduah, Senator Andy Uba, Rep. Tony Nwoye and Rep. Lynda Ikpeazu as those to be investigated.
The petition which was received by the office of the EFCC chairman on Friday, August 11 was signed by the movement's president, Chief Godwin Chukwuyenlu and Secretary Prince Osita Nwankwo.
Senator Uba has been in the National Assembly for six years, Senator Oduah is in his second year in the Senate, Nwoye has spent a year and about eight months while Rep. Ikpeazu is spending her second year after having spent an earlier term in the Fourth National Assembly.
The petition dated August 9, 2017 while noting the efforts made by the four National Assembly members to woo support from delegates, noted thus: “Sir, we also have received credible information that orders have been placed for a large number of cars, tricycles and motorcycles also to be diverted for election campaign purposes. These orders are to be paid for with funds which were supposed to be used for Constituency projects but which were diverted.
“Also some of the materials like sewing machines, grinding machines, motorcycles etc are materials which were collected over the years for empowerment of constituents from the MGD office and other empowerment agencies of government but were hoarded and are now being used to induce delegates.
“Several of the people being given these items are not from within the constituencies being represented by the members who are involved in this. Every Senator and Honourable member has a specific constituency which is not the whole state. The act of denying constituents of their rightful benefits and the use of such materials for campaign purposes and outside the constituency it is originally meant for is condemnable and must be stopped immediately.
“You will recall Sir, that the Electoral Act provides that candidates for election into the office of Governor of a State should not spend more than N200, 000, 000:00 (Two Hundred Million Naira) only and should not receive donations in excess of N1, 000, 000:00 (One Million Naira) only from any individual.
“It is based on the above that we earnestly request that you swing into action and put a stop to this unbridled looting and diverting of funds as it will be a lot easier for the Commission to prevent and recover these monies before it gets lost in the euphoria of campaign.
“We call on you to immediately invite all the aspirants who are currently public officers including the above named members of the National Assembly to inquire into the sources of the humongous amounts of money they are sharing, unravel to confirm the source of money and the identity (ies) of the public officer(s) who has or have ordered for the cars, tricycles motorcycles, sewing machines and other items.
Wendy Williams fires back at 'Aaliyah' critics "I think when you do a movie about people's favorite ... people are always going to have some criticism," said the Lifetime movie's executive producer.
Fans on Twitter mock Lifetime's Aaliyah biopic in droves Fans might not have expected much from the Lifetime TV biopic about Aaliyah. It aired Saturday night, showing the tragic story of the beloved R&B singer who was killed in...
Shipp charts course for Lifetime's Aaliyah biopic One in a million girls would give anything to play the iconic role of the late R&B singer Aaliyah — and Alexandra Shipp was more than ready to grab the...
Which controversial biopics will you be tuning in to? The never-before-told tales and insider scandals of late celebrities have long been an indulgence people love to savor — and love to see play out on television and movie screens....
Who should replace Zendaya in Lifetime's Aaliyah biopic? Well that was quick! Zendaya Coleman's run as Aaliyah ends before she even got started. The Disney star dropped out of the Aaliyah biopic coming to Lifetime citing “production issues,”...
HONOLULU (AP) — A former congressman from Hawaii said Monday he's leaving the Republican Party because of President Donald Trump and the failure of fellow party members to stand up to him.
Charles Djou, who represented Honolulu in the U.S. House from 2010 to 2011, wrote in an opinion piece published in Civil Beat on Monday he's disturbed that the Republican Party under Trump has become hostile to immigration.
Djou lamented Trump's desire to launch a trade war, his treatment of veterans like Sen. John McCain, his belittling of lawmakers and his recitation of conspiracy theories.
"I can no longer stand with a Republican Party that is led by a man I firmly believe is taking the party of Lincoln in a direction I fundamentally disagree with, and a party that is unwilling to stand up to him," Djou wrote.
Advertisement
Djou said he's most disappointed by the failure of the GOP to clearly and consistently condemn Trump's "childish behavior."
"Sadly today, too many Republicans either applaud Trump's tirades or greet them with silent acceptance," Djou said. "This leads to an implicit ratification by the GOP of Trump's undisciplined, uninformed and unfocused leadership as a core part of the Republican Party."
The White House didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Djou served in the Honolulu City Council and in the state House. He is a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve.
He unsuccessfully ran for Congress in 2012 and 2014. He's not currently seeking public office.
One of my life's blessings was to be born into a loving family of devoted Boston Red Sox fans.
You learned early as a Red Sox fan that life wasn't going to work out the way you hoped. In the movies, the orphaned, hardworking night-school graduate might get the big promotion. But in real life, the boss' spoiled, feckless son-in-law would instead be given the prize. And the decent, loyal guy doesn't always get the girl — and that the considerate, self-effacing girl too often ends up with a selfish, self-centered guy.
Red Sox fans are centered in Boston, the most political of American cities, and are the offspring of a “mixed-marriage” between the Protestant Puritans and the Irish Catholics. The terminally sober Puritans who believed firmly in original sin were forced to surrender political power but not economic dominance to the Catholic refugees from famine and British cruelty.
These Irish were short on laughs and happy tunes and long on fatalism, accepting that life was unfair and to be endured in this world for just rewards in the next. So you had the New England Puritans, a grim lot, who agreed with the Irish interlopers, resigned to the disappointments of this world, on nothing but the Red Sox, whom both groups rooted for and expected to lose.
And lose the Red Sox did — usually to the dreaded New York Yankees. From the end of World War I until 2004, some 86 years, the arrogant Yankees were American League champions 39 times and world champions 26 times. During that same span, the Red Sox were league champions just four times and never world champions. Only twice did two American League teams finish the season in a tie for first place, which required a one-game playoff to determine the champion. The Red Sox were in both and won neither.
True, the Red Sox did finally defeat the Yankees and win the World Series in 2004 and again in 2007. But 2011 is a season that has brought back all those painful memories of when the Red Sox regularly broke our hearts.
When September began, the Red Sox were in first place, two games ahead of the Yankees, and possessors of the best won-loss record in the American League. Since then, the Red Sox (as of this writing) have lost 16 out of 21 for a winning percentage of just .238. They are now seven full games behind the Yankees, who have now clinched first place.
The Red Sox — with less than a week left in the season — could even lose the wild-card spot, awarded to the team with the league's second-best won-loss record, which would get them to the post-season playoffs — and a chance to redeem themselves. But given that Red Sox pitching has been during September arguably the worst of all 30 major league teams, Red Sox fans cannot logically expect a miraculous turnaround in October.
These Red Sox fans are baseball's most loyal. Since May 11, 2003, every Red Sox home game at venerable Fenway Park has been a complete sell-out. That's right, 712 consecutive sell-outs. The previous Major League record was 455 games. At least the Boston baseball team finishes first every year in one category. Some consolation.
So in the next few days or weeks, if you do run into a Red Sox fan, just take the time to be gentle. Offer a little pat on the slumped shoulder and maybe an encouraging word or two. After all, even if you expect it after a lifetime of losing, it doesn't make the disappointment any less painful.
— Mark Shields is one of the most widely recognized political commentators in the United States. The former Washington Post editorial columnist appears regularly on CNN, on public television and on radio. Click here to contact him.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
The man who killed a teen skateboarder in a hit-and-run in West Auckland has been sentenced to four years in jail.
Jacob Pakura, 16, was skateboarding in Glen Eden in January when Zhenghan Yu, 34, hit him on January 14.
In a letter to Pakura's family, Yu begged for forgiveness: "It was me who took Jacob's right to enjoy his life.
"I wish I could turn the clock back and reverse everything I did.
Advertisement
"It was me who tore apart your loving family. Sorry can never be enough for what I did. But I would still ask if you could forgive me."
During sentencing, the court heard Yu was driving erratically before he hit Pakura. He blamed his lack of control on a bad reaction to medication.
But Judge Brooke Gibson said Yu drove erratically and at speed for "a prolonged period".
"That continued even after you hit the victim. You travelled on for another 15 minutes and as erratic as it had been before," said Judge Brooke Gibson.
"You then failed to negotiate a bend and nearly hit other cars, so you did nothing after [hitting Pakura] to moderate your driving.
"Prison can be the only proper response."
Yu pleaded guilty in May to killing the 16-year-old and was charged with dangerous driving causing death, failing to stop and ascertain injury or death after a crash and dangerous driving.
WIth tears streaming down her face, Jacob's mother Esther Pakura today said they have yet to come to terms with the family's loss.
"It sucks that Jacob's life has been taken. His legacy was stolen, it only lasted 16 years, nine months and 12 days.
"The way his life taken was hateful."
Yu is a Chinese national but has been a New Zealand resident for nine years.
He has prior convictions for dangerous driving and driving with excess breath alcohol.
Judge Gibson acknowledged a prison sentence would impose hardship on his wife and two young children, but stressed Yu needed to take responsibility for his actions.
Yu was also disqualified from driving for four years.
SIMSBURY, Conn. (AP) – A 10-year-old cancer patient, who in December lived out his dream of meeting New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, has died.
Logan Schoenhardt's story gained national attention during a social media campaign that brought the Connecticut boy's wish to the attention of the Patriots and Brady. He died Monday, according to Ray Lagan, the head of the Masters School in Simsbury, where Logan was a fourth-grade student.
Logan visited with Brady at the team's facility in Foxborough, Massachusetts, and was named the team's honorary captain for their Dec. 4 win over the Los Angeles Rams.
Patriots owner Robert Kraft offered his condolences in a statement Tuesday, saying the team has met some great fans over the years, “but none that could rival Logan's passion for the Patriots and his love for Tom Brady.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2/14/2017 5:19:38 PM (GMT -5:00)
< > Freshman forward Drew Percora stands ready for the ball during a corner at Ronald J. Ulrich field on Friday evening. The Mountain Hawks had 1 corner in the first half, but was unable to score off of that opportunity. (Alexis McGowan B&W Staff)
The Lehigh field hockey team snapped its 13-game losing streak against Lafayette College with a 1-0 victory in sudden death overtime Friday night at Ulrich Sports Complex.
Lehigh (3-9, 1-3 Patriot) goalkeeper sophomore Paige Innarella had 12 saves on the night, making key stops on both of Lafayette's (5-6, 1-2 Patriot) first-half corner attempts and a diving stop on a breakaway early in the second half. The Leopards had 4 shots in overtime, with Innarella stopping a breakaway and making a stick save on the aerial rebound to complete the shutout.
The last play of regulation was a Lafayette offensive corner with 30 seconds left in the game, but the Leopards were called for a high shot to close out the half.
In 7-on-7 sudden-death overtime play, junior forward Teresa Carotenuto scored the only goal of the game on a penalty corner as time expired, beating the Leopards for the first time since 2005.
Carotenuto made her presence known in the offensive circle throughout the game, with 3 shots and 2 shots on goal during the game.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Ikeja and Mainland Chapters of the National Association of Seadogs (NAS) has urged the Lagos State Government to quickly come to the aid of those who suffered losses in the recent tragedies that took place in the state.
NAS noted that on 19 and 29 June 2018 respectively, a truck conveying plywood while on the Ojuelegba Bridge in Lagos state emptied its contents on passersby below, killing three persons and injuring two in the process. 10 days later, a fuel-laden tanker on Otedola Bridge at the Ojodu Berger axis of the state, again spilled its contents causing a fire incident that killed nine persons, injured four and incinerated over 54 vehicles.
Reacting to the incident, Barrister Arinze Odiari the Capn of Zanas Deck (Lagos Mainland) and Mr Godstime Awoze, Cap'n of Panama Deck (Ikeja) commiserated with the Lagos state government and families of those who lost loved ones in the preventable twin tragedies.
NAS mainland chapters in a joint statement reiterated that both accidents could have been totally prevented if government regulatory agencies were alive to their responsibilities.
They demanded a full scale investigation into the fuel tanker explosion and the unraveling of the owner of the tanker. and if found culpable made to pay compensation to victims while facing prosecution in line with the extant traffic laws of the state.
The statement read in part: “Lagos State is regarded as the economic hub of Nigeria with its huge population but they are shocked that after several of such accidents, government is yet to focus on the development of the rail system within the state to minimize the incidence of such colossal nature.
“We called on government to take immediate steps to restore the rail system in the state while urging the Federal Ministry of Transportation to rise beyond propaganda and bequeath to Nigerians a viable rail system that would facilitate the movement of goods across the country by the end of the tenure of this administration in 2019.
“While we are aware that trucks must continue to ply Lagos roads for now, regulatory agencies like FRSC, LASTMA and Ministry of Transport Lagos State should brace up and do their jobs to ensure such trucks pass the road- worthiness test. Without mincing words, some of these trucks are not mechanically certified to be on the road and some of the drivers are not even licensed and qualified to drive such trucks.”
“We commended the Lagos State Government for issuing a 30-day ultimatum to truck drivers to obtain road worthiness certificates, it however, urged the state government not stop there, but must bring defaulters to face the full weight of the law.
“We know that NUPENG the umbrella bodies of Petrol tanker drivers are notorious for calling for an industrial action at the slightest opportunity to blackmail regulatory agencies and government in other for them to soft-pedal on enforcement of violations of rules but this time around if they tried this old trick they should be prepared for a class action.
“We urged the government to call their bluff and ensure that all rules and decisions to reduce the incidence of fuel tanker/ truck accidents on Lagos roads are enforced”.
Apple will place the first tranche of its €13 billion Irish tax bill in an escrow account next month following the signing of a legal agreement between the Government and the US tech giant.
It is anticipated that Apple will make a series of unspecified payments into the account starting in May with the full amount expected to be recovered by the end of September.
“This is a significant milestone with regard to the commencement of the recovery of the alleged State aid, as the escrow framework deed is the overarching agreement which will govern the collection and eventual payment of funds,” Minister for Finance Paschal Donohoe said.
The European Commission ruled in 2016 that the State gave Apple €13 billion in illegal tax aid, and ordered that it pay the Government the full amount plus interest.
When interest is added the final figure could reach €15 billion but the Department of Finance said it was not possible to calculate the interest until all the money had been recovered.
The interest will remain with the principal amount and accrue to the State unless the commission's ruling is overturned on appeal.
Both Apple and the Government are appealing the ruling on the grounds that Apple's tax treatment was in line with Irish and European Union law.
Binding obligations
“The Government fundamentally disagrees with the ruling of the commission. However, as committed members of the EU, Ireland is intent on complying with our binding legal obligations in this regard,” Mr Donohoe said.
He said he expected the appeal was likely to begin in the autumn. “How long the hearings will last will depend on the judges overseeing it and could be open to either party after that to take any further actions.” The European appeals process may last up to four years.
The signing of the escrow framework deed on Tuesday allows for the appointment of the escrow agent or custodian and the investment managers. This, in turn, activates the process for the collection of the alleged State aid.
Bank of New York Mellon has been selected as preferred tenderer for the provision of escrow agency and custodian services in relation to the account while Amundi, Blackrock Investment and Goldman Sachs have been selected to manage the money.
Last October the commission said it was taking Dublin to the European Court of Justice over delays in recovering the money.
“This is the largest recovery fund of its kind ever to be established and due to the complexity of such, together with our duty to comply with EU procurement rules, it is taken some time to get to this point,” Mr Donohoe said.
In its original ruling, the commission found that two tax rulings made by the Revenue Commissioners offered Apple a selective advantage and this constituted illegal state aid.
Apple announced in January that it is to pay the US government $38 billion (€31 billion) in tax relating to money it is repatriating to the US. The payment comes on foot of new US tax legislation which is ending the ability of US companies to defer tax on cash held offshore.
The company is not expected to get a write-down in its US tax bill if the EU dismisses its appeal. – Additional reporting by Reuters
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. envoy for Iraq is urging political leaders in this "crucial" post-election period to swiftly form an inclusive new government that works across sectarian and ethnic divides.
Jan Kubis told the Security Council on Wednesday that it's essentially the new government "works as one" to pursue political, economic and social reforms.
He urged Iraq's "political elites to draw the necessary conclusions" from this month's electoral turnout, the lowest since Saddam Hussein was toppled in 2003. He cited "the need for improved representation, justice for all, democratic accountability, and good governance void of corruption, sectarian quota system, nepotism and patronage."
U.S. Ambassador Nikki Haley also called this "a key moment in Iraqi history," saying the next government will make important decisions "that will set Iraq's course for decades to come."
Abuja – The Energy Commission of Nigeria (ECN) on Monday predicted a growth of up to 100,000 megawatts electricity generation in the country by 2030.
Prof. Eli Bala, the ECN's Director-General, disclosed this in an interview in Abuja.
Bala said that the projection would be possible with an annual economic growth rate of 7 per cent and steady implementation of the national energy plan by the Federal Ministry of Power, Works and Housing.
“With the incremental power programme; every time, every year, we must have increment in power generation.
“We will also increase our capacity to transmit as well as the capacity to distribute.
“So I think we are on course, although it is not easy.
“Very soon, we will get to a level where we will have a 100,000 megawatt or 100 gigawatts by 2030 and the economy growing at the rate of about 7 per cent annually,” he said.
Bala, who said the legal mandate of the commission is to produce strategic plans and coordinate national policies, stressed that “for you to have something, you must plan for it.
“If you look at the strategic plans we have produced, we produced energy master plan and in particular with respect to electricity generation.
“We were the first to articulate the various energy mix including what I have told you; renewable and also the nuclear.
“We made a plan in such a manner that we project by 2030, if the economy is to grow at 7 per cent, we need nothing less than 100 gigawatts of electricity capacity.
“And also, you know our politicians want the economy to grow by double digit. If the economy is to grow by double digit, we need nothing less than 300 gigawatts by 2030.
“I think knowing what you want is a very important thing. If you don't know what you want, you are going nowhere,” he said. (NAN)
LINCOLN, NE--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - XOTIC PC, a multi-award-winning PC-based desktop systems integrator and reseller of highly customized gaming laptops -- announced today that the new AMD® Radeon™ GPUs are available for the desktop market. The latest generation of AMD® Radeon™ GPUs introduces the RX 570 and RX 580, giving you advanced performance at an affordable price.
The new and powerful Radeon™ graphics cards are built with enthusiasts in mind, delivering faster performance and increased gaming capabilities. The latest RX 570 and RX 580 will have more Teraflops and increased Boost Clock speeds over it's predecessor RX 400 series cards. Unbeatable performance teamed up at an awesome price, there is something for everyone. Get matched up with the perfect Radeon™ card today.
All XOTIC PC desktops with the new AMD Radeon™ GPUs are custom built to order now. What sets XOTIC PC's models apart is all desktops include free handcrafted braided cables, a two year platinum warranty and lifetime tech support.
ABOUT XOTIC PC
Established in 1999, Lincoln, Nebraska-based XOTIC PC is a leading reseller, systems integrator and custom builder of benchmark-shredding desktops and laptops, specifically designed and customized for gamers. In addition to its own Small, Mid and Full Form Factor gaming desktops lines, XOTIC PC also customizes and sells the latest gaming laptop offerings from Acer, Aorus, Asus, GIGABYTE, MSI, Sager and Samsung. XOTIC PC also offers a wide range of casual to pro gamer focused mice, keyboards and headsets. For additional information about XOTIC PC, please visit http://www.xoticpc.com.
You can also find us on Twitter @xoticpc and Facebook at fb.com/xoticpc.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/13/11G135843/Images/rx-500-series-e47fdb5445e8b4298e7ceba577222611.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/13/11G135843/Images/RX-500-series-fps-10bb9d39287bb364881f149aac0b7975.jpg
By Johnny Edward:
Nigerian forward Victor Anichebe has applauded the character exhibited by his Sunderland teammates in Monday's 2-2 Premier League draw at home to Liverpool, reports Completesportsnigeria.com.
Sunderland came back twice in the encounter to earn a crucial point against Liverpool at the Stadium of Light.
Anichebe who missed the clash due to an injury also praised his strike partner Jermaine Defoe for his brace from the spot which secured an important point for the struggling Black Cats.
The 28-year-old tweeted via his handle @VictorAnichebe moments after the match: "Massive character shown by the boys today to come back twice against a very good side! @IAmJermainDefoe at it again."
Anichebe has scored three goals in ten EPL games for Sunderland.
Sunderland is 18th on the log with 15 points from 20 games.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
0:41
Answers to solar eclipse questions you're too embarrassed to ask
2:03
McClatchy marks five years of captivity for journalist Austin Tice
7:26
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Rice Seed Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included DuPont Pioneer, Bayer, Nuziveedu Seeds, Kaveri, Mahyco, RiceTec, RiceTec, Rasi Seeds, JK seeds, Syngenta, Longping High-tech, China National Seed, Grand Agriseeds, Dabei Nong Group, Hefei Fengle, Win-all Hi-tech, Gansu Dunhuang Seed, Dongya Seed Industry, Keeplong Seeds, Guangxi Hengmao Agricultural Technology, Opulent Technology, Zhongnongfa, Anhui Nongken, Saprotan Utama.
The Rice Seed Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Rice Seed industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rice-seed-market/10145/#requestforsample
The Rice Seed Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Rice Seed Market Products Type Segmentation : Long-Grain Rice, Medium-Grain Rice, Short-Grain Rice.
Rice Seed Market Applications Segmentation : Agricultural Production, Scientific Research.
Key Highlights of the Rice Seed Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-rice-seed-market/10145/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Rice Seed market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
PINE KNOLL SHORES, N.C. (WNCT) — The North Carolina Aquarium at Pine Knoll Shores is working to learn more about one of the ocean's top predators.
The aquarium hosted an event with the Crystal Coast Brewing Company Monday to help raise money for sand tiger shark research.
The event, called “Suds for Sharks,” will help the aquarium fund research into what areas off the coast the sharks frequent the most.
Aquarium Director Hap Fatzinger said this is important because the sharks are crucial to the coast's economy.
“The more we can understand about those animals,” said Fatzinger, “the better we can help manage and protect those animals. And in this community they are a huge economic force for us. The dive industry brings a lot of people into the area.”
Some of the money raised will help the aquarium develop a system for local divers to help catalogue information about sand tiger sharks.
Boston Red Sox's Chris Sale delivers a pitch during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, in New York. Frank Franklin II AP Photo
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A serial fraudster who once conned people in Derby into believing he was the brother of the comedian Peter Kay is back behind bars.
Peter Stead talked people into handing over cash telling them he would put on events at two pubs in the city to raise funds for the Lewis Mighty Fund.
But he never showed up, pocketing the deposit cash and leaving punters fuming they had been conned.
That offence saw him condemned by the Mackworth mum of Lewis who died in May 2012 following a battle with a rare form of cancer.
(Image: Derby Telegraph)
Now Stead has conned a fellow inmate at Nottingham prison out of more than £4,000 by telling him he would secure an appeal to his convictions.
And he is even claiming to have started a charity “for the victims of crime” since being remanded for his latest fraud.
Jailing the 55-year-old for two years and nine months at Derby Crown Court, Judge Ebraham Mooncey said: “You know it has to be custody because your previous record is horrendous.
“You have so many convictions for dishonesty it is part of your DNA.”
In 2013, Stead, then of Leytonstone Drove, Mackworth, and who has 17 previous convictions for 72 offences, was jailed for two years for fraud in Derby.
Those offences saw him pose as the brother of comedian Peter Kay, telling two pubs in Derby he would put on an event to raise money for Lewis, who died from a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma in 2012.
Stead was paid a deposit for his services but he never turned up and pocketed the money.
Sarah Allen, prosecuting, said his latest offences took place during 2016.
She said: “He befriended a fellow inmate at Nottingham prison and told him, when he was released, that he would help him fight an appeal for his conviction for sexual offences.
“On his release, the defendant took cash from the victim saying he had instructed solicitors to act on his behalf even lying to him and telling him that the first appeal stage had been successful.”
In total, Stead conned the victim and his Derbyshire family into parting with more than £4,000.
And he also talked two women at a pub he frequented in Alfreton into paying deposits for other goods which he never delivered.
Stead, now of Platt Bridge, Wigan, was arrested and told interviewing officers the victims had “misunderstood the situation”.
But he later pleaded guilty to seven counts of fraud.
Ayesha Smart, for Stead, said: “He has a son who is five years old and he does not want to miss any more of his birthdays.
“Since being remanded in prison he has started a charity for the victims of crime and is organising a sponsored bike ride which officers at the prison are taking part in.”
Judge Mooncey said to Stead: “Some might say the victim must have known you were in prison for dishonesty and should have checked things out more.
“But, given his desperation, he gave in to your lies and you have exploited him."
NEW YORK (AP) — Pop stars are invading the Golden Globes again this year with nominees such as Mariah Carey, Nick Jonas and Mary J. Blige, who is up for two awards.
Blige earned nominations Monday for her role in the Dee Rees' period film "Mudbound." She's up for best supporting actress in a motion picture and best original song for "Mighty River," which she co-wrote with Raphael Saadiq and Taura Stinson.
Jonas and Carey, who has co-written most of her No. 1 hit songs, are up for their first Golden Globes, both for best original song. Carey is nominated for the Christmas tune "The Star," from the animated movie of the same name. Jonas is nominated for "Home" from the animated film "Ferdinand."
Other best original song nominees include Oscar-winning composers. Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, the husband-and-wife songwriting duo behind "Let It Go" from "Frozen," are nominated for "Remember Me" from the film "Coco," while Benj Pasek and Justin Paul — who earned an Oscar this year for "City of Stars" from "La La Land," are up for "This Is Me" from "The Greatest Showman."
Warner Bros.(LOS ANGELES) — Warner Brothers released the first official trailer for Steven Spielberg's futuristic adventure flick, Ready Player One, on Sunday.
The clip, loaded with nods to previous sci-fi classics, including King Kong, Back to the Future, and Lord of the Rings — and even the 1989 romantic comedy Say Anything — is set in Columbus, Ohio in the year 2045, where a boy, Wade Watts, escapes his dull life by jumping into a virtual universe called the OASIS.
The world's creator — who has since died, reveals an Easter egg hidden within OASIS that, if found, will earn the user his half-a-trillion dollar fortune and total control of the universe.
Meanwhile, Van Halen's 1984 hit, “Jump,” plays underneath.
Ready Player One — starring Tye Sheridan, Olivia Cooke, Ben Mendelsohn, T.J. Miller, Simon Pegg and Mark Rylance — is slated to open March 30.
[embedded content]
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Gov. Bruce Rauner faces the difficult task Wednesday of outlining his third budget proposal to a Legislature that shelved his first two.
The first-term Republican is scheduled to address a joint session of the General Assembly to outline spending priorities for the fiscal year that begins July 1.
But the speech is at risk of becoming academic. The state has had no annual budget blueprint since July 2015 because of a stalemate between Rauner and Democratic legislative leaders. Government continues operating largely because of court orders and intermittent appropriations by lawmakers.
Rauner has given few hints about what he plans to say. He has repeatedly insisted that he has played no part in a compromise proposal the state Senate has worked on for weeks.
In a Facebook Live appearance Tuesday, the governor suggested that will change on Wednesday.
“I will begin to address key issues myself and share my own personal views about taxes, about regulations, about bringing down property taxes, and properly funding our schools,” Rauner said.
The state's economic position is bleak. With no action, it will have a $5.3 billion deficit when the current year ends June 30. There's a backlog of $11 billion in overdue bills. State pension programs are $130 billion short of what they need to pay promised benefits to retired and current employees.
Democrats and many Republicans believe a tax increase is necessary — the Senate plan would increase the personal rate from 3.75 percent to 4.95 percent. Rauner doesn't want to agree to a tax increase until his regulatory changes are met, including changes to the workers' compensation program, a local property-tax freeze, term limits on officeholders and fairer methods for drawing legislative districts.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_web1_Breaking-News2-8-14.jpg
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
It should be self-evident that women have the right to make decisions about their own bodies. Yet throughout history, those in power — usually men — have tried to control women's bodies. And some modern expressions of this are still limiting access to contraceptives and making safe abortions more difficult. US President Donald Trump's decision to ban American aid to all organisations that in any way advocate women's right to abortions is very unfortunate. All experience shows that this kind of decision does not reduce the number of abortions; rather, it forces girls and women to revert to life-threatening procedures. Aside from the curtailment of human rights this represents, the policies of anti-abortion movements are catastrophic for those women who are at risk.
For several decades, the Mexico City policy — also known as the global gag rule — has been implemented by Republican presidents and abolished by Democratic presidents. So we were not surprised that President Donald Trump reintroduced it. This time, though, it is more comprehensive and applies to all health aid. The US is one of the world's largest donors of health aid in absolute terms, so there is a risk of this having far-reaching consequences. Maternal mortality has been halved since 1990; decisions of this kind risk endangering the progress that has been made. Some 800 women still die every day as a result of pregnancy or childbirth-related complications, with an absolute majority of these deaths in poor countries. These women and girls do not need less support — quite the contrary.
We also see a risk that work on behalf of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBTQ) people's human rights will be hampered both in the US and around the world. Beside the global gag rule, there is a worrying trend within the EU and elsewhere towards trying to hamper women's freedoms, especially when it comes to sexual and reproductive rights. The Swedish government has launched a plan to limit the damage of this harmful policy, and to help to reverse the trend.
Sweden is increasing its support in 2017 to the UN population fund (UNFPA), the programme on HIV/Aids (UNAIDS) and the global fund, which are three key institutions in global sexual and reproductive health and rights (SRHR) efforts. We are one of the world's largest donors, and we will use our influence to strengthen women's rights. We will contact UN leaders and ministers in progressive countries in the EU and around the world to mobilise political and financial support.
We will coordinate new initiatives with the Netherlands and Belgium. Succeeding in building alliances with progressive countries in Latin America, Asia and Africa will be of particular importance. The Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) will send out concrete proposals on how Sweden can strengthen support to organisations working on SRHR, including those that provide information about, and offer, safe abortions. At the same time, Swedish embassies are initiating strategic advocacy efforts to encourage more countries to actively participate in this work.
We will push for the EU to raise its political profile, stand up for women's rights, and increase SRHR initiatives in EU aid. We will now contact those EU countries that do not take a position when these issues come up, and encourage more of them to raise their voices. Finally, we will closely monitor the effects that the new US policy has on the financing of various initiatives. We still do not know how Trump's policy will impact on democracy assistance, support to human rights defenders or poverty reduction.
We are in a transition period in which women's economic and political influence is strong and there is growing consensus in the international community for equality. T oday's resistance can be seen as a reaction to this success, and as proof that the struggle for the rights of women and LGBTQ people is a battle that must constantly be fought The most controversial issue is also the most basic: the right to decide over your own body, sexuality and reproduction. There are still many women who are unable to decide whom to marry, whom to have sex with or when to have children. This is absurd, and should be relegated to the annals of history. The question remains: who should decide over a woman's body, if not herself?
Sweden has a feminist government. For us, the answer is obvious. Sweden's development is based on the equal rights of men and women. We know that investments in gender equality and sexual and reproductive rights pay off. The world need strong leadership for women's rights. Sweden will have an increasingly important role to play in this, and we will ensure that Swedish aid goes where it does the most good. Many countries could learn an important lesson from this.
— Guardian News and Media Ltd
Isabella Lovin is deputy prime minister of Sweden and minister for international development cooperation and climate.
Rebekah Jaung ordered tofu soup and said she was sort-of a vegetarian, but not among Koreans. "Not when my grandmother is cooking."
Because she won't understand?
"Because I haven't told her."
I had kimchi soup with pork, which Jaung said was "very good if you've got any kind of head cold", and I thought that might be me, you never know. It was very good. We were in Northcote Centre, which has long been one of the epicentres of Korean life in Auckland.
Advertisement
Right opposite us was an art installation called The Claw, where kids turn up every afternoon and do their best to use a giant claw to grab soft toys. It's free, and fun, and according to some people on Facebook, said Jaung, it's ratepayers' money wasted on rich kids.
There are no rich kids in Northcote Centre. It has a faded prettiness, the leaves falling from the trees, everything moderately scaled and shabbily neglected. It's getting a makeover, one of these days. Right now, the roads all around are getting the makeover: wider paths for kids to bike to school, safer streets. Cones everywhere.
"People complain on Facebook about that too," said Jaung. "People complain about a lot of things on Facebook. There's a white supremacist group. They want to send all immigrant MPs 'back to where they came from'." She laughed. "It's called 'Immigrant Greed and Corruption'."
Jaung was born in Britain and has been in New Zealand since she was six. Her father was a minister in a local church, her mother teaches pre-school.
Jaung herself is a doctor of medicine and is now doing a PhD. She's 30 years old and works part-time for the Public Health Service, dividing her time between refugee health and infectious diseases. Why is she standing for Parliament?
"I think Northcote needs a voice like mine," she said, and I asked, like what?
"One promoting Green ideas. A young woman. Also, the fact that I'm a doctor, that helped in some of the debates." In the 2017 election, which she also contested, she was able to call out the sitting member, then-health minister Dr Jonathan Coleman.
She did well in 2017. The Greens ranked their top 41 candidates and she wasn't among them, but she generated a better party vote than 28 other non-MPs who were. Her candidate vote held up too.
Was that evidence of a "Korean vote"? She said no. "I do get a lot of emotional support from Koreans. They might not vote Green but they really support what I'm doing."
It's the perennial problem of the Greens: far more people want them around than vote to keep them around.
But really, why is she standing this time? She'll be very lucky to get even 10 per cent of the vote and doesn't she risk spoiling it for Labour's Shanan Halbert? She said she didn't believe that. "To start with, I don't accept that every Green voter would vote Labour if I wasn't here. There are Blue-Green voters. Me being here gives them someone to vote for."
Besides, she added, "In a democracy voters should have a choice. It's up to them to decide who to vote for."
Not that you would mistake Rebekah Jaung for a Blue-Green.
At a candidates' debate with an audience from the local social services this week, she said, "We need to talk about the causes of poverty." Her list included "racism, sexism and the remnants of colonial history".
Later in the same meeting she said, "It's great we're talking about poverty and homelessness. The media tries to frame this election as being all about congestion. Which," she added with a sigh, "is not inspiring and not true."
Definitely not a Blue-Green.
During our lunch she said, "When I hear them talking about how the transport plan doesn't do anything for Northcote it makes me shudder."
The "transport plan" is the new $28 billion accord between the government and the council. "Them" is National candidate Dan Bidois and Act candidate Stephen Berry, who say Northcote's transport needs are being ignored. Why do they make her shudder?
"Because they're saying your own benefit is more important than the good of everyone. They reduce politics to a question of who gets the biggest slice of the pie. And that ignores so many things. People on the North Shore go into town, we catch buses there, we use all sorts of services that we benefit from."
She supports the housing initiatives in the electorate. "There was a house near here that burned down a while ago, and the burned-out shell just sat there for ages. It was like a symbol of how no one cared about the people who live here."
That's changing now. "The new homes are good. They're not the tower blocks of yesteryear. These places are nice, they utilise the space well. But it worries me that affordable and market houses are being built on public land, because it privatises a public resource. And there are problems for some of the former state-house tenants too. I've met families who are being moved away."
Jaung was impressed at the candlelight protest movement in South Korea in 2016 and 2017, and its rallies against the corrupt president Park Geun-hye. She belongs to a group that organises similar events here: protest rallies, film evenings, debates. "It's been a good way for progressive voices to discover each other and we've had quite big numbers."
I couldn't stop myself asking about Trump and Kim Jong-un. "My hot take?" she said, and laughed. "I'm excited and hopeful. I don't support Trump, of course not, but I feel I have to be hopeful."
And Kim Jong-un? "He's smarter than the caricature."
I asked where her politics came from. "When I was young I listened to a lot of punk music. I was probably, at least on the inside, a bit of a rebel at high school." That was Westlake Girls.
A rebel on the inside? "I read a lot of books with rebellious ideas."
George Orwell, she said, and mentioned The Road to Wigan Pier, his 1930s account of working-class poverty and his own critical engagement with socialism. It led her to the Green Party.
Definitely, definitely not a Blue-Green.
She's soft spoken and not afraid to remain so. At a debate in Beach Haven on Monday night, heckling was encouraged and party loyalists of all types rowdily obliged. I told her I was struck that many of the abusive hecklers were older white men.
"Were you surprised? Why?"
Jaung's opponents from National, Labour and Act all oozed boyish confidence. She was the only non-shouty one.
"I'm conscious of being part of a politics that I want," she said. "Quietly debating ideas."
Quietly debating? Wasn't that, well, boring?
"Okay. It doesn't have to be quiet. But debate and ideas. I think shoutiness turns young people off. I believe in a different kind of leadership."
By Abby Hassler
Prince, also known as “The Purple One” is finally getting his very own Pantone color. Pantone and Prince's Estate announced today (August 14) that the late singer has his own purple hue, “Love Symbol #2,” which is named after the iconic symbol the singer used as an emblem for his name.
Related: Wesley Snipes Beat Out Prince for His Role in Michael Jackson's ‘Bad'
“The color purple was synonymous with who Prince was and will always be. This is an incredible way for his legacy to live on forever,” Troy Carter, entertainment adviser to Prince's Estate, said.
“We are honored to have worked on the development of Love Symbol #2, a distinctive new purple shade created in memory of Prince, ‘the purple one,'” added Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute. “A musical icon known for his artistic brilliance, Love Symbol #2 is emblematic of Prince's distinctive style. Long associated with the purple family, Love Symbol #2 enables Prince's unique purple shade to be consistently replicated and maintain the same iconic status as the man himself.”
BEIJING (AP) — China's government said Thursday it reserves the right to retaliate if Washington goes ahead with proposed investment controls Beijing said violate global trade rules.
The Commerce Ministry's comment came as the two sides prepared for weekend talks in Beijing on American complaints about China's trade surplus and Beijing's promise to buy more American goods.
The White House announced plans this week to restrict Chinese investment in the United States and purchases of high-tech goods. It renewed threats to impose 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion of Chinese goods in response to complaints Beijing steals or pressures foreign companies to hand over technology.
Such curbs would violate the "rules and basic spirit" of the World Trade Organization, said a Commerce Ministry spokesman, Gao Feng.
Advertisement
"The Chinese side will carefully evaluate the U.S. measures and reserves the right to take corresponding measures," Gao said at a regular briefing.
Meanwhile, the ministry said a team of more than 50 American officials was meeting with Chinese officials to prepare for the talks due to start Saturday involving Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Investigators are continuing their search today for two missing hikers who were swept away in a Grand Canyon creek on Saturday.
Holding out hope for a successful rescue, officials said the pair are “equipped and have the knowledge to survive.”
Jackson Standefer, 14, and his step-grandmother Lou-Ann Merrell, 62, were hiking with friends and family when the two were swept away by fast-moving water while crossing a creek in a remote area of the Grand Canyon, according to the National Park Service.
The two were “last seen crossing Tapeats Creek below the confluence with Thunder River when they lost footing and were swept down Tapeats Creek,” the National Park Service said in a statement on Sunday.
“This particular kind of incident is extremely rare,” Matt Vandzura the chief ranger at Grand Canyon National Park said. “That two people would be washed away in a creek crossing is something that is almost unheard of in our local memory of Grand Canyon incidents,” he added.
Merrell is the wife of Randy Merrell, the co-founder of the popular hiking boots company Merrell. Standefer, an eighth grader from Tennessee, was visiting the area with his family when the incident took place.
“They were well provisioned for a multi-day trip,” Vandzura said. “The both were reported to have food and water in their backpacks. We believe they are equipped and have the knowledge to survive.”
Mark McOmie, Jackson's uncle, has posted on Facebook about the situation and the conditions as well as updates regarding rescue efforts.
McOmie told the AP that the Merrells were avid hikers that know the area well. “If they can get to a spot where they cannot be in the water and stay warm, she's got the skills needed to get them through it. The odds aren't great. But given their skills and knowledge of the area, that will probably lead to the best possible outcome.”
Authorities have sent out search and rescue teams as well as drones to survey the area for any articles that could belong to the missing pair.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
PAUL PETRICH
Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary volunteer honored with national award for service that all started with a film about grunion
Running around a San Pedro beach in junior high school, listening to a lifeguard's passion for educating kids about the strange reproductive dance by grunion, Paul Petrich was inspired. He now uses what he learned then to teach others about preserving the health of the ocean. It's just one of the reasons he was recently honored as the National Marine Sanctuary Foundation Volunteer of the Year.
“Those who fish, those who use the ocean for recreation (and) those who never look at the ocean except through documentaries, need to come together and realize how important it is to save our ocean,” the Goleta resident said.
Petrich's father and grandfather — immigrants from Croatia — fished the bountiful waters around the Channel Islands out of San Pedro. He spent most of his summer days on the beach or working on sport fishing boats. His dad became a captain of California Fish & Game Department research vessels, and Petrich developed a natural interest in the creatures of the sea.
Since 2006, the 73-year-old retired Ventura County teacher has been a volunteer for the Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary. He's donated 4,000 hours contributing to maritime heritage and outreach programs.
“(Petrich) has gone above and beyond to expand and enhance outreach efforts, reaching hundreds of visitors every year aboard commercial vessels, at the Channel Islands and at a variety of community outreach events,” Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, said in her remarks at the National Marine Sanctuary Foundation's Leadership Awards Dinner earlier this month in Washington, D.C.
“Paul's commitment and passion for the Channel Islands are inspiring, and we're fortunate to have him in our community.”
At age 15, Petrich watched and learned from John Olguin, a chief lifeguard at Cabrillo Beach in San Pedro who used an old reel projector to educate people about grunion.
“He'd run the movie on the wall of the bathhouse,” Petrich recalled. “He would show everybody ... the story of the grunion that come out of the ocean and lay their eggs on the beach. It was fascinating ... and I was inspired by that.”
The concept stayed with him, and in 2007 he created a 45-minute PowerPoint program to be projected on screens for presentations during the summer months at Carpinteria and El Capitán state beaches.
Petrich presents his sessions as “virtual whale-watching trips.”
The slides and video clips are from the NMS archives as well as Petrich's personal collection. Some of them portray blue whales, which have unique value to him because his father, who fished in local waters for 40 years, never saw one.
“But I told him, the year he passed away, that I saw 20 spouts of blue in one sighting, all feeding on abundant krill,” Petrich said. “My dad reacted by saying that we must be doing something right with those sanctuaries.”
This is something Petrich mentions on every boat trip as a docent for the Channel Islands sanctuary out of Santa Barbara, Oxnard and Ventura.
He said he is only one of 130 volunteers who do a fantastic job in sharing the marine science at work in the local sanctuary, and the many successes achieved. Thanks to the sanctuary system, he explained, there is hope for the ocean's future.
“Now, the humpbacks come up to people watch,” Petrich said as he took a sip of his coffee. “They're coming here to feed because the sanctuary is protecting their food base ... and they're coming in greater numbers, as are the giant blue whales, plus other marine mammals.”
— Noozhawk intern Linda Sturesson can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
CC Sabathia delivered another solid outing, Giancarlo Stanton went deep for a second straight game and the Yankees won another series — but the good vibes in The Bronx were dampened Wednesday when Gleyber Torres was lifted from a 6-2 victory over Atlanta and later landed on the 10-day DL with a mild hip strain.
Sabathia gave up two runs in six innings — and threw more pitches than he had in an appearance since 2016 — on a sultry July 4th at Yankee Stadium, and Stanton's three-run shot into the right field bleachers off Julio Teheran gave the Yankees some breathing room in the third.
But Torres — who suffered a tight right hip flexor Monday and was not in Tuesday's lineup — left Wednesday's game with more tightness and was replaced by Brandon Drury. Torres underwent an MRI.
The Yankees didn't miss him Wednesday, but the rookie has been a critical part of the team's terrific first half. With Wednesday's win, they stayed a game behind Boston in the AL East and have infield depth thanks to the recent arrival of Drury.
Still, an extended absence for Torres — who has exceeded expectations — would no doubt be felt in the lineup.
The Yankees are off Thursday before beginning an 11-game road trip Friday in Toronto.
They ended the homestand with a third straight series win backed by Sabathia and an offense that has scored 28 runs in the last four games.
In the first, Sabathia hit Nick Markakis with an 0-2 sinker and then walked the red-hot Kurt Suzuki to load the bases with two out before striking out rookie phenom Ronald Acuna Jr. with a cutter. He needed 19 pitches to finish the inning.
Teheran was dominant in the bottom of the inning, striking out Brett Gardner, Aaron Judge and Aaron Hicks on 10 pitches.
The right-hander continued to get ahead in the bottom of the second, but Didi Gregorius served an 0-2 fastball just inside the left field foul line for a one-out double. Teheran then fell behind Torres 3-0, but came back to strike him out.
Greg Bird, in a lengthy slump, then delivered a run-scoring single to right to make it 1-0.
Stanton's blast gave Sabathia a four-run lead and Kyle Higashioka added to it by becoming the first Yankee since Alfonso Soriano in 2000 to have his first three MLB hits go for home runs. Aaron Judge added a solo shot in the seventh.
see also Yankees pull Gleyber Torres early and injury concern returns For the first time in his major league career, Gleyber...
The Braves had runners on the corners with one out in the fifth. Sabathia faced Danny Santana, who replaced Freddie Freeman after Freeman left following a hit by pitch in the third. Santana's slow grounder to second scored a run to make it 5-1.
Sabathia allowed a homer to Johan Camargo with two outs in the sixth, followed by a double by Culberson, but got Dansby Swanson to ground out. He left after six innings and 103 pitches — the most he'd thrown in a game since September 29, 2016, when he threw 105.
It was his sixth straight solid outing.
Chad Green entered in the seventh and immediately gave up singles to Ender Inciarte and Ozzie Alibies. Santana then flied to left, Markakis lined to left and Suzuki hit one hard to right, but Judge tracked it down.
Edo State Governor Godwin Obaseki has announced the sack of private tax collectors for the state and local governments.
The governor said only government employees would now collect taxes and levies.
In a broadcast to Edo State residents to mark the New Year, Obaseki said the laws of Nigeria vested the responsibility for collecting taxes exclusively in the three tiers of government: federal, state and local governments.
The governor also assured visitors and residents of their safety.
He announced the prohibition of private tax collectors across the state.
Obaseki terminated all contracts empowering some individuals to collect taxes on behalf of state or local government.
The governor advised the residents to report anyone or group collecting taxes or levies.
He said: “I must mention that one issue that continues to agitate Edo people is the lawless activities of some individuals who persist in harassing and extorting innocent citizens under the guise of collecting taxes and levies.
“All arrangements to collect taxes or levies entered into by any state or local government agency in Edo State ceases to be valid with effect from today.”
The governor set up a seven-man committee, headed by Gregory Ero, for the development of Gelegele seaport as a foremost economic and industrial hub in Nigeria.
<>
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Birmingham Mail newsdesk was a busy one last night as Gianfranco Zola fell on his sword and left Birmingham City hovering precariously over the relegation zone - without a manager!
Here's a look back at all the stories from last night...
The resignation
Gianfranco Zola has resigned as Birmingham City manager following their 2-0 defeat to Burton Albion this afternoon.
The clash was billed as pivotal in Blues' quest to beat the drop but goals from former Blues player Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola's side to another defeat.
The manager was appointed in December after the Blues hierarchy dispensed of Gary Rowett with the club on the verge of the play-offs.
But just 13 points from the 22 games that have followed have left Blues sitting perilously above the relegation zone.
Blues are 20th and three points above Blackburn Rovers in 20th spot following today's results.
The club have three games to preserve their Championship status with matches against Huddersfield and Bristol City to come.
However, Blues will first cross the city to take on Aston Villa in a huge clash that now looks must-win for those wearing Royal Blue.
The statement from the club
"The futures of Gianfranco's backroom team – Pierluigi Casiraghi, Gabriele Cioffi, Kevin Hitchcock, Andrea Caronti and Sebastiano Porcu – will be decided in due course.
"Birmingham City would like to place on record their thanks to Gianfranco for his efforts.
"The club will seek to appoint a new manager within the next few days.
"No further comment will be made at this time."
The fan reaction
What Rowett said...
“I have mixed emotions,” said Rowett of Zola's departure.
“I'm not sure resigning with three games to go particularly helps Birmingham.
“If you look at the run they have been on, I can't tell you what's in someone else's head, but someone's going to have to pick up the pieces because they are in a serious, serious relegation fight.”
What Simon Jordan said...
Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan says Birmingham City ‘fans deserve better from stupid owners'.
Jordan was reacting to news that Gianfranco Zola has stepped down after just 142 days in charge of Blues following a terrible run of results that has left the club in grave danger of dropping down to League One.
Zola departed St Andrew's today following another defeat at the hands of relegation rivals Burton Albion.
Goals from former Blues man Lloyd Dyer and Lucas Akins condemned Zola to his 14th defeat in his 24 matches since taking over from Gary Rowett back in December.
Birmingham City runners and riders: The men in the running to succeed Gianfranco Zola
And, following increasing pressure from the club's fans, Zola stepped aside less than an hour after the final whistle.
And Jordan, often outspoken on social media channel Twitter, said: The ridiculous appointment (of) Zola has come to its inevitable end. Despite my vitriol, the BCFC fans deserve better from stupid owners.”
The runners and riders
The Birmingham Mail broke the news earlier this evening that Birmingham City's players would welcome the appointment of Paul Robinson as manager until the end of the season.
The 38-year-old is at 4/1 with some bookmakers, hugely respected among his peers and has taken steps on the coaching ladder in recent years.
However, his appointment is not a given with the Blues hierarchy known to be keen to develop a new style of football that Gianfranco Zola ultimately failed to deliver.
Redknapp?
Harry Redknapp could be the surprise name to help ensure that Birmingham City remain in the Championship this season.
The Daily Mirror report that the former West Ham, Portsmouth and Tottenham boss could be brought in to St Andrew's for the final three games to replace Gianfranco Zola and help oversee the retention of the club's Championship status heading into 2017-18.
Birmingham City favourite wants Nigel Pearson to replace Gianfranco Zola
Redknapp has had roles with the Jordan national team and Derby County in recent months, but hasn't held down a job as a manager in domestic football since he left Queens Park Rangers just over two years ago after undergoing surgery on his knee.
Redknapp, who turned 70 this month, earned promotion from the Championship with Portsmouth and QPR, but also proved his ability to keep teams in divisions when he saved Pompey from the drop in 2006, earning the nickname “Harry Houdini”.
Also on the list, according to the report in the Mirror, are Brummie born former player Lee Carsley and free agent Nigel Pearson.
Zola - the full transcript...
Despite announcing his resignation, Zola did front up to the media post-match and explained why he had decided to depart.
THE DECISION
“I have decided to give my resignation from this club.
“I am sorry because I came here with huge expectations. There were a lot of expectations from the people at the club and from myself, but unfortunately results have not been good and I take full responsibility for that.
“I've been the first one to be disappointed about the results is me so I have decided to do this.
“It's not that I like quitting but I feel like the club deserves the best chance.
“At the moment it feels I can't help these players if I stay. I think this club deserves my respect because of all the support they have given me, and if I feel I can't help the team it's better that I leave someone else to do that.
“I feel very bad and very sorry. We worked a lot and with a lot of good meaning but unfortunately it didn't produce the results. It's very disappointing.”
Gianfranco Zola explains his decision to resign as Birmingham City boss
FANS' CHANTS HAVE ANY BEARING?
“No. They did it last week at Rotherham but I have no blame for the supporters.
“They have been there supporting the club and supporting us but the position is not secure.
“They are frustrated and I can understand their feelings The last thing I want to be is not helpful so I have nothing against them.
“Certainly I can understand their chanting and that they want me out and maybe there have been some bad words from some fans has been harsh.
“Yes, I know there have been mistakes but we worked very hard for this club and gave it everything we had.”
These are the favourites to replace Gianfranco Zola as Birmingham City manager
PRESSURE FROM THE BOARD?
“Let's be honest, they have supported me until now and the results haven't been good.
“Considering the expectations that they were, I don't blame them. Actually I have a fantastic relationship with them and they have my respect.”
LIVE: Gianfranco Zola resigns as Birmingham City manager
ANY REGRETS DURING YOUR TIME?
“I think it's too early but I was totally convinced in what I was doing and that is an important part.
“I do my job as well as I can and there are things which I thought were the right things to do and I stand by what I said.
“Unfortunately sometimes the results follow their own logic.
“You spend a lot of time with the players to give them everything they need but it didn't pay off.
“This is the nature of the job – we don't work for seeing good passing, we work for the results and unfortunately for us, those results haven't come.”
Gianfranco Zola resigns: Birmingham City issue statement
ANY CONTRIBUTING FACTORS?
“It wasn't an easy job. I felt under pressure from the beginning because this team was in a good position so it was a hard job.
“I knew from the beginning it was tough but I felt like we could all improve the team and we tried very hard to do that.
“I have no regrets at taking the job and there are a lot of good people here. My only regret is that the results haven't been good enough.
“It's a tough moment, I love the game - but at the moment it doesn't feel that way
“I've had very low points before, but I always bounced back.
“As a manager this is quite painful.
“My relationship with the players is quite good - they tried to follow me.
“In some circumstances they could've done better.
'Too little too late' - Birmingham City fans react to Gianfranco Zola's resgination
“But I always believed they acted with a good heart.
“Sometimes they didn't do what I wanted them to do, maybe they were not ready.
“I told them they have my appreciation.
“At the beginning we played well but kept losing games with individual mistakes.
“That affected the confidence, suddenly we had to change the plan and the system.
“Results, it's always been a struggle.
“Today, we had a lot of chances but you saw the lot of players who were scared to play.
“When the pressure is like that, it's not easy to play football
“Especially when you're playing for such important results.
“My pride has been touched. It's how you react to the problem that makes the difference, I'll take it in the right way.
“I'm not perfect, I'll try to make better from this.”
Iraqi Oil Minister Jabar Ali al-Luaibi [Allibi, Luiebi] said on Sunday that a deal signed with Tehran to swap up to 60,000 barrels per day of crude produced from the northern Iraqi Kirkuk oilfield for Iranian oil is for one year.
“This is an agreement for one year and then we will see after that whether to renew it,” Luaibi told reporters in Kuwait City on the sidelines of an Arab oil ministerial meeting, Reuters reported.
The agreement signed on Friday by the two OPEC countries provides for Iran to deliver to Iraq's southern ports “oil of the same characteristics and in the same quantities” as those it would receive from Kirkuk.
The deal in effect allows Iraq to resume sales of Kirkuk crude, which have been halted since Iraqi forces took back control of the fields from the Kurds in October.
Between 30,000 and 60,000 bpd of Kirkuk crude will be delivered by tanker trucks to the border area of Kermanshah, where Iran has a refinery.
The two countries are planning to build a pipeline to carry the oil from Kirkuk, so as to avoid trucking the crude.
The pipeline could replace the existing export route from Kirkuk via Turkey and the Mediterranean by pipeline.
(Sources: Tasnim, under Creative Commons licence; Iraqi Ministry of Oil)
PARIS (AP) — The Latest on trade tensions between the United States and the European Union (all times local):
10:40 a.m.
France's finance minister says the U.S. shouldn't see global trade like the Wild West or the "gunfight at the OK Corral."
Bruno Le Maire called looming U.S. tariffs on European steel and aluminum "unjustified, unjustifiable and dangerous." He reiterated European promises to respond with retaliatory tariffs.
Advertisement
Ahead of a meeting Thursday in Paris with U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, Le Maire said: "Global trade is not a 'gunfight at the OK Corral.' It's not about who attacks whom, and then wait and see who is still standing at the end."
He said a trade war would hurt growth everywhere, and argued for abiding by international rules instead.
U.S. President Donald Trump says the tariffs are needed for U.S. national security.
___
9:45 a.m.
U.S. and European trade chiefs are meeting hours before the U.S. is expected to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum that could unleash a trade war.
U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Le Figaro newspaper that a decision on tariffs would likely come after markets close Thursday. The U.S. decision is likely to be to impose tariffs, though there is slim hope that the two sides could reach a last-minute agreement.
Ross met Thursday morning in Paris with French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire, whose government has vigorously objected to tariffs.
And U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is meeting in Paris on Thursday with EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom among other international trade chiefs.
In his Le Figaro interview, Ross said the Americans are still open to discussion, and the EU would be to blame for any trade war if it imposes retaliatory tariffs as expected.
___
6:30 a.m.
President Donald Trump's administration is planning to impose tariffs on European steel and aluminum imports after failing to win concessions from the European Union, a move that could provoke retaliatory tariffs and inflame trans-Atlantic trade tensions.
The tariffs are likely to go into effect on the EU with an announcement by Friday's deadline, according to two people familiar with the discussions. The administration's plans could change if the two sides are able to reach a last-minute agreement, said the people, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal deliberations.
Trump announced in March the United States would slap a 25 percent tariff on imported steel, and a 10 percent tariff on imported aluminum, citing national security interests. But he granted an exemption to the EU and other U.S. allies; that reprieve expires Friday.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Amir Khan's I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! co-stars have sent congratulations after the boxer announced the birth of his second daughter with wife Faryal Makhdoom.
The Olympian shared a photograph of himself and baby Alayna, who is dressed in an extravagant leopard print and red floral outfit, on Instagram.
He wrote: "Welcome to the world. With my and @faryalmakhdoom new born, Weighing 8lbs 3oz ALAYNA KHAN," adding a baby emoji at the end.
Hollyoaks star Jamie Lomas, who made it to the final in the series, wrote in the comments: "Congratulations brother, sending the family my love."
Khan's wife, who he married in 2013, was four months pregnant when he entered the Australian jungle for the reality show.
He finished seventh on the reality series, which was won by Georgia "Toff" Toffolo.
YouTube star Jack Maynard, who left the show early following a scandal over messages he had written on Twitter, wrote: "Congrats bro!!"
Khan and Makhdoom welcomed their first child, Lamaisah, in 2014.
A shocking internal report has revealed Victorian police officers faked more than 250,000 random preliminary roadside breath tests over five years.
The report claims more than 1.5 per cent of 17.7 million tests were falsified by officers, many of whom are believed to have blown into the breathalysers themselves to meet quotas or to avoid breath testing motorists.
Victoria Police said yesterday they had "let the community down".
They admitted officers would either place a finger over the straw entry hole or blow into the straw themselves.
Advertisement
"It is believed the self-testing activity has been largely undertaken by general duties and highway patrol members, with some rural areas over-represented," the police said.
"It is not a practice found to be performed at supervised drug and alcohol bus testing sites."
The fake breath tests (PBTs) were first reported to Victoria Police late last year. Once aware of the claims, five years of data, 1500 devices and more than 17.7 million tests were analysed.
"Disappointingly, 258,463 PBTs or 1.5 per cent of all tests had been falsified,"
Professional Standards Command Assistant Commissioner Russell Barrett said.
"This conduct will not be tolerated, any member found engaging in this practice from today has been put on notice they will be investigated.
"I had not heard of our members engaging in such a practice, we let ourselves down, we've let the community down. It stops now."
Victoria Police are now appointing an external investigator to determine "the root causes of the behaviour", "underlying cultural and behavioural issues" and "supervision and management practices that resulted in the behaviour continuing to go unchecked".
"The question we all asked was 'why?' There could be a number of reasons but the main rationale I believe is to hide or highlight productivity," Barrett said.
"Whatever reason our workforce may come up with, it isn't acceptable.
"There is no evidence to suggest fraud or any criminality. Similarly, there is nothing to suggest that any of this activity has impacted on any prosecutions."
Police are hoping to lean on technical advice about how to future-proof testing devices.
"We are considering the feasibility of regular audits, the ability for the PBT to include the detail of the operator and quality assurance measures."
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Stranahan and Northeast high schools were among the poster cases for voters passing an $800-million bond to carry out Broward County school repairs in 2014. But now the school board is being asked to approve additional costs.
At Stranahan High School in Fort Lauderdale, there are visible signs of construction.
At Northeast High School in Oakland Park, signs of the aging campus are visible from the outside, and on the inside, students say the school suffers from dilapidated walkways, moldy walls and leaky roofs in some areas.
Stranahan High School was allotted $16.8 million for repairs, but now, it is estimated that school needs $30.5 million for renovations.
Northeast High School was allotted $14.5 million for repairs, but now, it is estimated that the school needs $31.4 million for renovations.
The significant increase in cost not sitting well with public or board.
"Since you talking about the money and you don't have idea what you are spending the money on?" said Mary Fertig, a concerned citizen.
After two hours of back and forth, the board voted to improve the budget increase for Stranahan High School because it included the addition of an improved cafeteria.
But for Northeast High School, it's back to the drawing board to come up with a plan.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
It's been a rollercoaster of a year. In the world of sustainability alone, we saw the landmark Paris climate change agreement come into force; learned how rising temperatures in the Arctic are negatively impacting local residents; and watched as the world's top conservationists mourned the declining state of Australia's Great Barrier Reef, reported The Guardian.
And then, a bombshell: Donald Trump won the US presidential race and called into question everything from America's basic environmental protection to NASA's ongoing climate change research. Corporate America took evasive action, signing a letter telling Trump it is serious about sustainability, while others began unpacking Trump's emphasis on 'clean coal' and what it really means for the future of energy in the US.
But it hasn't all been doom and gloom. While the rest of the world struggled to come to terms with the aforementioned problems, innovators, scientists and tech heads worked quietly from the sidelines to come up with solutions. And some succeeded: from a trashcan that sucks up ocean garbage to a drone that delivers vaccines to endangered ferrets, here are our top picks for this year's best sustainable tech.
It's no secret that our oceans are turning into swirling garbage dumps. There are some 5.25 trillion pieces of floating plastic debris in the oceans right now, and it's estimated that some eight million metric tons of plastic waste enter global waters every year.
Earlier this year, Peter Ceglinski and Andrew Turton, two surfers from Australia, came up with a device they're calling the Seabin — a kind of submersible garbage can that captures floating trash. Picture a cylinder, with the upper opening just below the surface of the water. An electric pump draws water through the bottom of the cylinder, creating a vortex around the upper edge that pulls in water and floating trash. A bag filter, made of natural material, collects the trash and allows water to pass through.
Earlier this year, British-based tech firm QuantuMDx developed a new, low-cost diagnostic DNA analyzer the size of a smartphone which is being billed as a 'handheld lab'. The device — called Q-Poc — can accurately diagnose everything Q-Poc from cancers to infectious diseases in minutes. Although it is currently in alpha testing stage, the company hopes to get the product in the hands of doctors by early 2018.
The prospect of a speedy diagnosis at a patient's side is exciting, particularly in countries where access to medical care is a challenge. Subject to regulatory approval by the World Health Organization (WHO), QuantuMDx hopes to initially roll out the Q-Poc unit in South Africa, before expanding to other markets.
It was a big year for edible everyday items, like cutlery. First up, an Indian cutlery company, Bakeys, invented cutlery that you can eat as a way to tackle plastic waste in oceans and landfill.
Plastic cutlery significantly contributes to this problem — estimates suggest the US alone uses 40 billion plastic utensils a year. Hence the need for edible versions. Bakeys makes vegan-friendly cutlery from rice, wheat and an ancient grain called sorghum, which was picked because it doesn't go soggy when immersed in liquid.
One of 2016's most heartwarming stories revolved around a cunning plan by the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) to bombard a ferret habitat in Montana with a vaccine administered via specially designed drones that can 'shoot' pellets in three directions at the same time.
All this in a bid to save the endangered black-footed ferret. The vaccine pellets are actually intended for the prairie dog population inside the habitat at the UL Bend National Wildlife Refuge. The ferrets are dependent upon prairie dogs for food and shelter, but a flea-borne disease called sylvatic plague has slowly been killing the prairie dogs off.
The FWS came up with a 'glorified gumball machine' to spit out the vaccine pellets. The machine which can be attached to a drone which uses GPS to drop the pellets throughout the habitat. Oh, and if you're wondering: the FWS said lab tests show that prairie dogs find the bait in the vaccines 'delicious'.
As we've established, humans produce a lot of trash — apparently of the more than 300 million tons of plastic produced globally every year, one refuse truck's worth ends up in our waters, landfills and streets every minute.
One of our favorite stories this year came from India, where a local entrepreneur has set up a production facility at a local rubbish dump, where waste pickers convert high-density polyethylene (HPDE) — mostly used for plastic bottles — into 3D printing filament to eventually be sold to 3D printing companies.
The market for 3D printing filament — the majority of which is made from virgin plastic — is growing rapidly. A recent report predicted the 3D printing materials market will grow by nearly 266 percent in the next five years.
Netball New Zealand chairman John Bongard has no doubt Kiwi administrator Raelene Castle will bring drive and passion to the helm at Rugby Australia.
The pair worked together when castle was the cheif executive of Netball New Zealand and Bongard said, having seen her in action, there was a simple answer to why she was so sought after.
"She's incredibly organised and smart. She's got a good brain and she's passionate about sport, she comes from quite a strong sporting family, and that's part of it."
"She's one of those people who are really passionate about what she does."
Advertisement
Bongard also said Castle was someone who was always willing to help an organisation in need of direction.
She signed on as a trustee for The Rising Foundation - an organisation created by Bongard to help students in years 9, 10 and 11 to unlock and develop their full potential.
Bongard said he was well aware of Castle's reported new role in Australia and said he had no doubt she would excel if the reports were confirmed.
"It would come as no surprise to see it, and I think Rugby Australia would be lucky to have her."
Raelene Castle spent six years at the helm of Netball New Zealand before being named the first female chief executive in NRL history when she joined the Canterbury Bulldogs in 2013.
After stepping away from her role with the Bulldogs earlier this year, Castle has remained involved in rugby league and was part of a two-person panel announced to dissect the Kiwis failed Rugby League World Cup camapign.
In August, Pulver announced he would be stepping away from the top role at Rugby Australia once a suitable replacement was found, and multiple news outlets have reported Castle will be his successor.
If confirmed, Castle would become the first female boss of any of the national governing bodies of the four major football codes in Australia.
October is National Cyber Security Awareness Month, making it an excellent time to talk with your aging loved one about staying safe while online.
According to the FBI's Scams & Safety website, seniors are highly targeted by scammers of all kinds because they are widely expected to have a nest egg saved up, own their own house and have excellent credit. Because children in the 1930s, '40s and '50s were taught to be polite and trusting, scammers also expect older generations to be easier targets. Many scammers think seniors are even easier targets online because they didn't grow up with today's technology like younger generations did, and therefore scammers don't think they will be as savvy about Internet safety and risks.
Seniors are also less likely to report scams. They either don't know who to report a scam to, or they are simply embarrassed. Whatever the reason, this tendency also puts seniors at higher risk.
The best way to protect your loved one from scammers is to educate him or her about what to look for. Here are three of the most common phishing scams targeting seniors, as listed by AARP:
» Scans using the name of well-known companies, such as Microsoft: These emails claim to represent a well-known company and may even look very much like the company by using company identifiers such as logos. These emails will make some sort of claim as a precursor to asking for personal information, such as your login password.
» Scams that say you have won a lottery: These emails will tell you that you have won a lottery, even though you didn't enter one. They may try to align with a well-known company to try to look credible. Again, these emails will make a claim to try to get personal information from you — such as that they need your bank account number to deposit your winnings.
» Scams that pretend to be security software: Also known as “scareware,” rogue security software claims to be effective security software, but does not actually protect the computer. Often, the software actually causes false security alerts — or worse, will lead you to make fraudulent transactions to gain personal information or take your money.
Seniors, like all Internet users, will also benefit from general computer security practices such as using antivirus software, setting up a firewall, and never opening emails from unknown addresses or following links to unknown sites. The Department of Homeland Security's National Cyber Security Awareness Month website offers even more information about computer safety basics.
“Make sure your loved one knows that if they are scammed, they can come to you for help without fear of being judged,” said Tina Kreider, owner of Right at Home of Santa Barbara. “Many seniors do not report fraud because they worry that their friends and family may think they are no longer able to look after themselves.”
To report a scam, contact the FBI or submit a report online through the Internet Crime Complaint Center.
The Internet has predators, but it doesn't mean seniors shouldn't use it.
“There is risk in everything we do. If we travel by airplane, we know that there is a small chance that the plane can experience engine trouble or worse,” as explained by Norton in its Cyber Safe Seniors Guide. “If you follow some general rules and guidelines … you will find the Internet a nonscary, fun and enchanting place to visit.”
— Tina Kreider is the owner of Right at Home of Santa Barbara. For more information, click here, call 805.962.0555 or e-mail .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Word to the wise, if you don't know how to fix something, just call someone else to do it.
Case-in-point, this lady from, wouldn't you know it, Cleveland, got her hand stuck in the toilet trying to unclog it.
It was so bad, the police and paramedics had to be called. They even had to take the toilet out of the bathroom to the front yard to break it to free her.
The video is now going viral – just to add insult to injury.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has named the same starting XI for the third game in a row as Aston Villa bid to make it six wins on the spin against Burton Albion today.
The claret and blues have beaten Middlesbrough, Bristol City, Nottingham Forest, Barnsley and Sheffield United in their last five Championship matches - one more would be their best league run since 1990.
And Bruce has kept faith with the starting XI which defeated Barnsley and the Blades as Birkir Bjarnason continues in midfield.
The Iceland international faces fierce competition for the defensive midfield role from Mile Jedinak, Axel Tuanzebe and Glenn Whelan - but he gets the nod once again.
There's no place on the bench for Tuanzebe's fellow January arrival Lewis Grabban as Bruce looks to get him up to speed before throwing him in.
Grabban, 30, arrived on loan from Bournemouth on Deadline Day and is likely to train today ahead of a possible debut against Birmingham City next weekend.
Such is Villa's strength in depth that Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green, Gabby Agbonlahor, Callum O'Hare and Rushian Hepburn-Murphy are also not named in the 18 today.
Villa (4-4-1-1): Johnstone; Elmohamady, Chester, Terry, Hutton; Snodgrass, Bjarnason, Hourihane, Adomah; Grealish; Hogan
Subs: Bunn, Taylor, Tuanzebe, Jedinak, Onomah, Whelan, Davis
You can subscribe to our podcast
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
More Villa news
Steve Bruce has confirmed Aston Villa are NOT in a position to offer Alan Hutton a new contract due to their ongoing battle with Financial Fair Play.
Hutton, 33, has been in excellent form for Villa this season and Bruce has selected him from the start in 16 of the last 18 Championship fixtures.
The Scottish defender is out of contract at the end of the season and recently approached the manager to discuss the possibility of a renewal only to be told an extension was off the table.
Despite Hutton's disappointment, Bruce insists it's ‘not the end of the world' for the defender and expects plenty of suitors. The Villa manager also refused to rule out a u-turn - but that depends on what division Villa are in come the end of the campaign.
“I think I said to Alan, I had to be honest with him to say, ‘Look, at this position where we are we're not in a position to offer anybody a new contract',” Bruce told Birmingham Mail columnist Tom Ross.
“The way the situation with the club is in finances and Financial Fair Play and I think we all need to know where we are, whether we're in the Championship or we're in the Premier League - if we're in the Championship we'll have to cut, it's as straightforward as that.
“I've spoken to the people above me and we're not in a position to offer anybody a new contract just yet. Alan Hutton has been in a situation where I've been here for 15 months and he's done terrifically well. But we'll have to look after the club and sometimes my job is to look after the club too.
“Let's see where we are and see what happens. It's not the end of the world for Alan Hutton because I've no doubt there will be takers from what we're seeing at the moment. For a 33-year-old, it's quite remarkable his fitness levels and what he trains like every day.
“He knows what I think of him but at this situation in time we're not in a position to go forward with any of them.”
BERLIN (AP) — A group of city counselors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We are all looking for ways to save money on our supermarket shop, aren't we?
A trip to the store can be stressful - especially when your kids are screaming in the trolley, wanting to be everywhere else.
The cost is skyrocketing with every item you put in your basket - so how do we save cash?
Spending a little less can be hard to negotiate each week.
But what about making 50 meals - for just 72p a person?
Surely this is impossible, right?
(Image: FACEBOOK)
Well, actually, one mum is proving that she can do just that - and now she's turning heads by revealing all her secrets.
Not only are the meals cheap to prepare, but young mum Kaitie Purssell insists they're healthy, too.
In fact, she's shed 21 kilograms while taking on this money saving mission.
As reported by The Mirror , Kaitie shared her secrets to saving time, money and waste in the kitchen.
Kaitie revealed: "Meal prepping has helped so much in my weight loss journey.
"I am a busy mum of two on a tight budget, and always having a freezer full of meals and snacks saves me from skipping meals or grabbing takeaway."
So, how does she do it?
Kaitie bases her meals on seasonal produce.
Why? Well, because she claims this is not just cheaper, but tastier.
She always buys in bulk.
Her meals include everything from Mexican chili to chicken soup and pumpkin and pine nut pasta.
Her top tip is to buy plenty of vegetables - these are cheap and can bulk out meat dishes, which are often expensive.
Lentils and grated vegetables are both healthier and filling, and always use the slow cooker, she added.
Perhaps surprisingly, online shopping is one of her biggest tips - as it blocks distractions and stops her impulse buying at the checkout.
Once her groceries are in, she prepares her meal plans - then cuts up all of her vegetables to save time in the evenings.
"It makes my life so much easier"
If you want to learn from her habits, you'll need to 'start small' and free up your freezer, she said.
"Make double, triple or quadruple amounts of the dinner you're making each night and freeze it," she said.
"That's how I started.
"If I was making one banana bread, I'd make two, cut one up and freeze it.
"I find most mince dishes, slow cooked meals and stews freeze the best.
"I love having meal prep ready to go, as it makes my life so much easier.
"Fewer dishes, more time with the kids and more time for me to squeeze in my Challenge exercises.
"It's so much cheaper to make most things from scratch, it doesn't take much longer and you are cutting out a lot of sugar and other nasties by doing so."
She also freezes leftover ingredients - from curry paste and tomato paste to pasta and liquid stock.
"Pop them in ice cube trays and transfer into labelled ziplock bags for the freezer to reduce wastage. I often spend less than an hour in the kitchen preparing a whole week of food for my family. It doesn't have to be hard or take all day," she said.
Kaitie's 50 winter warming meals for just £90 (72p a head)
A prep in Kaitie's kitchen would include five servings of beef san choy bow, eight hazelnut and sultana chocolate snacks and 14 weetbix balls. That's in addition to 20 bliss balls and four black pepper and capsicum dips with veggie sticks.
All of which will then be frozen for indulging in later.
Each of her recipes are low in calories - the highest being the san choy bow at 390 calories per serve.
"It also helps to shift the tummy fat as well as keeping you nice and full when you are following a weight loss plan," she explained.
Kaitie's winter recipes
5x Slow Cooker Ragu
9x Hidden Veggie Bolognese
4x Beef and Sweet Potato Curry
6x Mexican Style Chilli Con Carne
6x Chicken & Corn Soup
5x Chicken & Chorizo Enchiladas
5x Spanish Rice with Chorizo
4x Pumpkin & Pine Nut Pasta
6x Chicken Pad Thai
Her 50 winter warming recipes cost just under £90 ($125) - and average out at around £1.80 per meal, or 72p a head. It included five slow cooked ragus, nine serves of spaghetti bolognese and four servings of beef and sweet potato curry.
She also made six servings of chilli con carne, six chicken and corn soups, five chicken and chorizo enchiladas, five servings of Spanish rice with chorizo, four serves of pumpkin and pine nut pasta and six chicken Pad Thais. She urges everyone to try meal prepping and insists it makes things both easier and cheaper in the long run.
"For me, food has 90 per cent contributed to my weight loss. I love food, I always have but I'm very slowly starting to love me too."
Kaitie's top money-saving tips
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — $1.5 million – that's how much it's expected to cost to install cameras on each Pitt County school bus.
The Board of Education will decide on Monday whether or not to move forward with the project. Three cameras would be installed at the back of the bus, the front and the middle, all to ensure student safety.
“I believe there should be cameras on the bus to better monitor the children's behavior as well as hold some of the student's accountable,” said Montrell Morrow, a second-grade elementary school teacher.
“I think it would be good for the kids – to be able to watch and monitor more, so we can kind of see what's going on,” said parent Ashley Jones.
Some teachers and parents said they are on board when it comes to installing updated cameras on each of the 300 buses in Pitt County. Bus drivers 9 On Your Side talked to also agreed.
“So many different things that are going on that we can't see,” said bus driver Jasper Burnett. “Sometimes we'll have to pull to the side see what's going on, writing all on the seats, throwing paper down yonder.”
This is why the Board of Education is trying to secure funding for the project.
“To get new camera systems that are much more efficient,” said Matt Johnson, executive director of operations of Pitt County Schools.. “And can capture much more on every bus in the fleet, from yellow buses to activity buses.”
Only three quarters of the buses have cameras right now, but they are outdated.
The potential new cams will have multiple uses. They can prove or disprove bullying claims or be used to as training videos for bus drivers.
All that waits is an agreement between county commissioners and the Board of Education. They will need to come together to apply for a loan for the project.
“I think we've got support on both sides,” said Johnson. “From the Board of Education to county commissioners and I think both entities want to see this move forward.”
There have been talks about installing cameras outside of the bus on the arms, but the priority right now is installing those interior cameras.
How to switch from Mac to PC, Part 1: What's driving me to do it
I'm in deep—and yet, I'm dying to climb out.
After nearly 20 years as a Mac user, I'm switching to a Windows PC—and I'm bringing you along for the ride.
In this series, my personal journey from Mac to PC will be your guide to the fundamentals of venturing forth from Apple's walled garden to the vast, teeming, and sometimes confusing world of Windows 10 computers. The topics I'm covering will include:
How to choose a laptop from hundreds of possibilities
What software to use in place of MacOS-only favorites
How your iPhone, iPad, and the rest of Apple's ecosystem can still fit in
Welcome to the vast world of PC gaming
What it's like in PC-land, and whether I'd return to the Mac
Desperate times
Despair drove me to switch from a Mac to a PC. I've used Apple computers since college, starting with a boxy, wee Apple Mac Classic II in a computer lab. It had a low-resolution monochrome display. And a floppy drive. Soon I bought a used PowerBook 100. From then on, I was committed, steadily working my way through PowerBooks, iBooks, MacBooks, a MacBook Air and MacBook Pros.
Fast-forward to now: I've come to rely heavily on Apple-exclusive software that syncs data with my iPad Pro, iPhone SE and my current computer—a 13-inch 2015 MacBook Pro Retina with 8GB of RAM, a 2.9GHz Intel Core i5 processor, and a 512GB SSD. My 400-film and 11,000-media collection lives in iTunes. I'm in deep.
This was my first Apple laptop, the PowerBook 100.
Why I'm bailing on Macs
My beef with Apple is the lack of polish I've been seeing in the software over the past few years (don't get me started on the state of iTunes), and the amount of trouble I've had personally with the hardware since investing $2,700 for my current laptop. My workflow has been plagued by graphical glitches, slowdowns, and occasional refusal on the part of my ports to recognize external storage media. At times, my MacBook Pro has outright refused to boot. Heck, I couldn't get it to format an SD card if my life depended on it. Reinstalling macOS has done nothing to sort out these issues, nor has restoring my system from a Time Machine backup.
Having paid extra for AppleCare, I've taken in my MacBook Pro several times to be serviced. A few months ago, an Apple tech replaced the entire bottom half of my computer with a new one—it cost less than hunting down an issue with the laptop's logic board, I was told. And yet, the thing still refuses to fulfill Apple's promise of ‘it just works.'
1 2 Next Page
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool have been warned Roma's ex-Chelsea winger MOHAMED SALAH will not come cheap.
The Italian club's sporting director Monchi, quoted in the Daily Telegraph, warned: "For Salah there is an offer from an English club but the price will be set by Roma, not the buyers. Roma is not a supermarket."
Napoli midfielder PIOTR ZIELINSKI is another Serie A star who could be Anfield-bound, with the Daily Express reporting Liverpool and Tottenham are both interested.
Across the city, Everton are also stepping up their summer transfer business with a reported shopping spree in Italy.
Comments from club scout Carlo Jacomuzzi to Italian radio station CRC, in which he admits AC Milan striker CARLOS BACCA and Napoli counterpart DUVAN ZAPATA are "interesting options", are widely quoted in the local and national press.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The pair represent an either/or option, while Jacomuzzi is also quoted as saying there will be no move for Napoli pair Dries Mertens and Faouzi Ghoulam.
Elsewhere in Serie A, new Inter Milan coach Luciano Spalletti would not be drawn on speculation linking his Croatia winger IVAN PERISIC with Manchester United.
Inter must raise money to comply with financial fair play regulations and Perisic could reportedly bring in up to £50m - and command wages at United of around £100,000 a week - with striker Mauro Icardi another linked with a move away from the club.
But Spalletti, who was unveiled at Inter on Wednesday having been appointed last week, is widely quoted as saying: "I'll avoid answering on Mauro and Perisic for now."
Finally, the Sun reports Leicester strikers JAMIE VARDY and AHMED MUSA are both targets for a Fenerbahce side possibly needing to replace some or all of Emmanuel Emenike, Moussa Sow and Robin van Persie.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
ONLINE/SOCIAL ROUND-UP
@TheSunFootball: Manchester United have suffered a major setback in their pursuit of Fabinho.
@MARCAinENGLISH: Morata's @realmadriden exit is edging closer. His agent was at the Bernabeu today.
PLAYERS TO WATCH
KYLIAN MBAPPE: The teenage Monaco star, linked with Premier League sides Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City as well as top European sides, will consider his future while on holiday with his family. The English sides could all be left disappointed, though, after he said Real Madrid "have been trying to recruit me since I was 14".
RUBEN NEVES: The Portugal Under-21 international is a reported target for both Chelsea and Liverpool. The Porto midfielder is under contract until 2019 and would cost upwards of £20m.
ADNAN JANUZAJ: The Manchester United winger, who spent last season on loan at Sunderland, is not in Jose Mourinho's plans - talkSPORT lists Monaco and Paris St Germain as potential destinations and Het Nieuwsblad in his native Belgium links him with Roma, while Celtic have also been mentioned.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global in-mold labels market in a new report titled “In-mold Labels Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012–2016) and Opportunity Assessment (2017–2027).” The global in-mold labels market is estimated to be valued at US$ 967.6 Mn by 2017 end, and is expected to expand at a 3.2% CAGR over the forecast period (2017–2027), to be valued at US$ 1,320.9 Mn by the end of the forecast period. Some of the key trends defining the global in-mold labels market include the adoption of digital printing for in-mold labels, use of barrier in-mold labels, IML inspection technology, innovation in offset and digital printing machines, and type of material used.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-2621
Global In-mold Labels Market: Segmentation & Forecast
The market is segmented based on process type, material, end-use industry, printing technique and region.
Based on process type , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into blow molding, injection molding and thermoforming. Among all the process type segments, the injection molding segment is estimated to account for the highest revenue share of more than 65% in 2017, and is expected to retain its dominance throughout the forecast period.
Based on material , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into polypropylene, polyethylene terephthalate, polystyrene, polyethylene, barrier IML, paper & others. The polypropylene segment is expected to contribute the largest share of more than three fourths of the global in-mold label market during the forecast period.
Based on printing technique , the global in-mold labels market is segmented into gravure, offset, flexography, screen, digital and others. The offset and flexography segments together are anticipated to contribute a combined market share of around 70% in the global in-mold labels market during the forecast period.
Based on end-use industry, the global in-mold labels market is segmented into food, beverage, pharmaceuticals, domestic care, cosmetics and personal care and others. The pharmaceutical segment is anticipated to register the highest growth in terms of revenue and is expected to witness an incremental opportunity of US $ 96.9 Mn over the forecast period.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-2621
Global In-mold Labels Market: Regional Forecast
Globally, in terms of revenue, Western Europe is estimated to account for the highest market share of 44.8% in 2017, followed by North America with a value share of 25.3%. Revenue from the market in APEJ is expected to expand at CAGR of 5.2% over the forecast period. North America, Western Europe and APEJ are expected to be the most favourable regions in terms of incremental opportunity lying ahead for high revenue generation.
Leading Companies Operating in the Global In-mold Labels Market
Some of the major players in the global in-mold labels market that are covered in this report include CCL Industries Inc., Multi-Color Corporation, Verstraete IML N.V., Korsini Ambalaj San. Tic. A.S., Duratech Industries Inc., Tasus Corporation, Walle Corporation, Admark Visual Imaging Limited, Aspasie Inc., General Press Corporation, Precision Press Inc., Serigraph Inc., Smyth Companies, LLC, Hammer Packaging, Corp., Inland Label and Marketing Services LLC, Yupo Corporation, Vibrant Graphics, Ren-Form CC, John Herrod & Associates Pty Ltd and Canyon Graphics Inc. In this report, we have discussed individual strategies followed by these companies in terms of enhancing their product portfolio, creating new marketing techniques, mergers and acquisitions. A competitive landscape is included to provide report audiences with a dashboard view and company share collectively.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/in-mold-label-market
Book Title:
The Rivers of Dublin ISBN-13:
9781911024859 Authors:
Clair L Sweeney (Revised by Gerard O'Connell and Michael Curtis) Publisher:
Irish Academic Press Guideline Price:
€24.99
This impressively illustrated book tells how Dublin's many watercourses influenced the history and development of the city and were in turn affected by that development. The three main rivers, the Liffey, Dodder and Tolka, are given their due (what a shame the barrage proposed for the Liffey in the 1970s was never proceeded with – why is not explained) but much valuable information is also provided about the lesser-known, and often hidden, rivers, tributaries and streams. The Poddle, rising in Cookstown, Tallaght, and taking a circuitous, northeastwards route to the Liffey, is probably the best example of a hidden river and played a major role in the social and economic growth of the city. Another is the river Swan, which runs for some 10 miles and “forms the drainage backbone . . . of the Terenure, Rathmines and Pembroke districts”. A welcome aspect of the book is the lore and legend associated with the watercourses and the places they flow (or flowed) through. Rathmines was described in 1822 as “chiefly inhabited by invalids in consequence of the supposed purity and wholesome quality of its atmosphere”.
All of an estimated 40,000 Rohingya Muslims living in India are illegal immigrants, even those registered with the UN refugee agency, and the government aims to deport them, a senior government official said.
Junior Interior Minister Kiren Rijiju told Parliament last week the central government had directed state authorities to identify and deport illegal immigrants including Rohingya, who face persecution in Myanmar, Reuters reported.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) has issued identity cards to about 16,500 Rohingya in India that it says help them “prevent harassment, arbitrary arrests, detention and deportation”.
But Rijiju, a high-profile minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government, said in an interview on the weekend that the UNHCR registration was irrelevant.
“They are doing it, we can't stop them from registering. But we are not signatory to the accord on refugees,” he said.
“As far as we are concerned they are all illegal immigrants. They have no basis to live here. Anybody who is illegal migrant will be deported.”
The UN has already accused Myanmar's military of committing grave abuses against the Rohingya during its counterinsurgency campaign in the region.
The stepped-up measures raised fears of a fresh wave of violence against the Rohingya after last year's crackdown that was launched in the wake of a deadly attack on the country's border guards on October 9, 2016 which left nine policemen dead. The government blamed the Rohingya for the assault.
Numerous accounts have already been provided by eyewitnesses of summary executions, rapes and arson attacks against Muslims since the crackdown began.
Myanmar has long faced international criticism for its treatment of some 1.1 million Rohingya Muslims, who are denied citizenship and live in conditions rights groups have compared to those of the Blacks under the former apartheid regime in South Africa.
The opportunity to acquire company stock — inside or outside a workplace retirement plan — can be a lucrative employee benefit. But having too much of your retirement plan assets or net worth concentrated in your employer's stock could become a problem if the company or sector hits hard times and the stock price plummets. Buying shares of any individual stock carries risks specific to that company or industry. A shift in market forces, regulation, technology, competition — even mismanagement, scandals, and other unexpected events — could damage the value of the business. Worst case, the stock price may never recover. Adding to this risk, employees who own shares of company stock depend on the same company for their income and benefits.
Time for a concentration checkup? The possibility of heavy losses from having a large portion of portfolio holdings in one investment, asset class, or market segment is known as concentration risk. With company stock, this risk can build up gradually. An employee's compensation could include stock options or bonuses paid in company stock. Shares may be offered at a small discount through an employee stock purchase plan, where they are typically purchased through payroll deductions and held in a taxable account. Company stock might also be one of the investment options in the employer's tax-deferred 401(k) plan, and some employers may match contributions with company stock instead of cash. Investors who build large positions in company stock may not be paying attention to the concentration level in their portfolios, or they could simply be ignoring the risk, possibly because they are overly optimistic about their employer's future. Retirement plan participants might choose familiar company stock over more diversified funds because they believe they know more about their employer than about the other investment options.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- One person was found dead early Monday morning near 70th and Kensington, police say.
According to police, the victim was found just before 1 a.m., near the roadway.
Police describe the victim as a female who was in her 20s to 30s.
It is not clear how the victim died. No suspect information has been given.
If you have any information that could help police in their investigation, call the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
Children enjoy new area at Hegins-Hubley
By Rebecca Zemencik, Managing Editor • rebecca-z@citizenstandard.com
VALLEY VIEW – Micah Ulicny, an Eagle Scout hopeful of Boy Scout Troop 662 was all smiles while his mom was choked up. The two visited the all inclusive playground at Hegins-Hubley Elementary School and witnessed the children playing on the equipment for the first time Friday morning.
Micah, a senior at Tri-Valley High School first approached Kate Herb, the special education teacher at the elementary level, about a year ago and asked her what is something that her kids could really use. He was in the planning stages of coming up with an Eagle Scout Project.
“We had this space right outside the classroom window that I always thought would be an awesome spot for an all-inclusive playground,” said Herb. “This would be an ideal spot for a calming area to bring my kids outdoors and just let them do their thing and play and not have to worry about the noise and hustle and bustle of the main playground.”
Micah and his mom, Pamela Ulicny, a science teacher at Tri-Valley High School were on it as soon as they heard Herb's ideas.
Micah immediately made a plan and had a meeting with the school's special ed department chair, elementary special ed teacher, head custodian, representatives of the Schuylkill County Master Gardeners and the Schuylkill Herb Society. All attendants at the meeting were on board with his idea and were excited to make his vision a reality.
“My idea was to convert the approximately 40'x120′ space into an adaptive/inclusive playground and sensory garden,” said Micah. “I approached the school board for approval last August and was granted the go ahead at that meeting. I began making contact with businesses, organizations, and filling out applications for grants.”
“My biggest break for the plan came when I received word that the Tyler Stiely Memorial Fund was willing to donate $10,000 towards the project,” said Micah. “That donation really got the ball rolling.”
The playground includes equipment that Mrs. Herb picked out as the most universally assistive to special needs children. The equipment includes a handicap swing, a stationary cycler, an adaptive see-saw, an outdoor paint panel, and an outdoor music maker/xylophone. The equipment was all purchased from a company called Landscape Structures.
Maurer Excavating donated all their time and equipment to prepare the site.
“It was really neat during the construction phase of the project,” said Herb. “Since the site sits directly outside our classroom window, the kids could see what was going on and were asking questions constantly. Children that aren't normally vocal were curious enough to ask questions. They got to see the entire development of the site and learned that things take time and planning to complete. It was a great learning and teaching experience for the entire classroom.”
Since the kids have been on the new playground, Herb remarked that it's amazing to see them all play.
“When we had to go to the big playground we always had some kids who just didn't know how to fit in or socially interact and here they all play and interact with each other,” said Herb. “No one is moping about or just sitting off by themselves. They all play together and enjoy each piece of equipment. They are also excited to get their hands on the paint station.”
Micah, who plans to continue his education in college for special education on the secondary level, will be submitting his paperwork to be approved for his Eagle Scout honor with the Hawk Mountain Boy Scout Council.
Although the playground portion of the project is complete, Micah's not stopping there. He and his mother, are already planning and visioning phase 2 of the project which will be the sensory garden.
“The garden will include paved pathways, plants that have certain textures, colors, and smells, an herb garden area, and a ‘calming' area for times when the kids are overstimulated. This will be an area where the kids can actually crawl inside among the plants,” said Micah. “I expect the sensory garden portion to be completed in the spring.”
Micah plans to have an opening ceremony possibly in the spring after the sensory garden has been developed. He also plans on making a thank-you sign listing all who supported the entire project to be displayed at the site.
“We are planning to invite everyone to Micah's Eagle Scout Ceremony to be held in the spring or summer of 2018,” said Pam Ulicny. “We're excited to have this project become a reality. This wouldn't be possible if it weren't for community members like you. It is a true honor and pleasure to live and work in such a caring and giving community.”
Advertisements
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Video
Traditional artillery salutes at Tower Bridge and in Hyde Park in London have taken place to mark the arrival of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's third child.
Bells were also rung at Westminster Abbey to celebrate the birth of the new prince.
A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed her son in Arizona because she did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility, authorities said.
(CNN) — A 92-year-old woman allegedly killed her son in Arizona because she did not want to be sent to an assisted living facility, authorities said.
Anna Mae Blessing was charged with first degree murder, aggravated assault and kidnapping after authorities found her 72-year-old son dead Monday at their home in Fountain Hills, Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said.
Blessing hid two pistols in the pockets of her robe and shot her son several times in his bedroom, the sheriff's office said in a statement.
Her son's girlfriend was also in the room and said she heard Blessing telling her son she was tired of the way he treated her, court documents said.
“From my understanding, she had thought about it for a few days because there was a dispute regarding her son wanting to put her in an assisted living home,” Maricopa County Sgt. Bryant Vanejas told CNN affiliate KPHO.
Blessing then pointed the gun at her son's girlfriend, who struggled with her until she lost her grip of the gun. When Blessing pulled out the second pistol from her robe, her son's girlfriend also knocked it out of her hand, the statement said.
Once she was disarmed, Blessing sat on a reclining chair until deputies arrived and arrested her, officials said.
“As the suspect was being escorted from the residence, she made a spontaneous statement to the effect of ‘You took my life, so I'm taking yours,'” court documents said.
Blessing moved in with her son and his girlfriend about six months ago, the affiliate reported.
She told deputies she had purchased one of the guns in the late 1970s and that her husband gave her the other pistol, court documents say.
Information on her attorney was not immediately available.
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Ireland Davis Cup captain Conor Niland has been able to name his strongest team for the first match of the Davis Cup season.
Irish number one James McGee, who made it to the final round of qualifying at this year's Australian Open, will lead the team with Sam Barry as number two.
They will be joined by Peter Bothwell and doubles specialist David O'Hare for the round robin event which takes place at the Holiday Village Santa Marina in Sozopol, Bulgaria from April 5th-8th.
Niland has not always had the luxury of picking his top players because of their commitment to the professional circuit but hopes to gain promotion this year back up into the Europe/African Zone Group Two
“'I am very pleased to announce a full-strength team,” said Niland. “We look forward with optimism to the matches and we will do our best to earn promotion to Group II.”
It is the first international tournament under the watch of new Tennis Ireland Chief Executive Richard Fahey, who formerly took over from Des Allen last month.
“Our professional players have had a great start to the year with James (McGee) reaching the final round of qualifying at the Australian Open and David (O'Hare) winning a $125,000 Challenger event in Dallas at the beginning of this month,” said Fahy.
“Sam (Barry) and Peter (Bothwell) are also playing some great tennis on the circuit. We are delighted that James McGee is playing and as this is our strongest possible team we want everyone in Irish tennis to get behind them whilst we focus on promotion to Group II for 2018.”
The format is round robin with four pools of four teams and the winners of each pool playing-off against each other to determine which two nations are promoted to Europe/Africa Zone Group II in 2018.
ADVERTISEMENT
The other teams in the group are Albania, Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bulgaria, Greece, Iceland, Kosovo, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Macdeonia, Malta, Moldova, Montenegro and San Marino.
Current Irish ranking positions: J McGee (219); S Barry (285); P Bothwell (807); D O'Hare (131 -Doubles)
Elizabeth Holmes attends the Forbes Under 30 Summit on Oct. 5, 2015, in Philadelphia. Gilbert Carrasquillo/Getty Images
I may be a doctor, but I too hate needles. On those grounds alone, I was initially pulling for Elizabeth Holmes to succeed when I first heard about her startup, Theranos. The company promised to eliminate painful blood draws from the veins in our elbows and hands thanks to its new technology, which could get the same information from a tiny prick of blood taken from the finger. But I soon suspected that the product might be a fraud and the reason was simple: There was never any published scientific literature to support the claims the company made. No physicians or biomedical scientists had ever laid eyes on a paper that described any breakthrough with any demonstrated capacity to accomplish what the company said it could do. Time and again, the company instead hid behind the same smokescreen: Theranos wouldn't reveal how its technology worked, or why it was experiencing delays, because it didn't want to reveal its “trade secrets.”
That rationale simply doesn't cut it in the biomedical sciences, and frankly, it never has. Consider, for comparison's sake, the history of Genentech, maker of synthetic insulin and other useful medicines. By the time it went public in 1980 (which the Wall Street Journal called “one of the spectacular market debuts in recent history”), Herbert Boyer and Stanley Cohen (along with Annie Chang and Robert Helling) had not only cut a gene from one bacterium and pasted it into another AND demonstrated proof that they could use their astonishing chimera to produce useful biological products; they had also published the recipe in a major scientific journal telling everyone exactly how they did it. You can even read Cohen's old handwritten lab notes, if you're interested. Genentech didn't get its edge by guarding its methodology behind veils of secrecy—it succeeded thanks to its excellence at inexpensively obtaining the necessary supplies, hiring the right people to optimize the process, and making its work scalable for production. It's been churning out massive quantities of its products ever since.
Theranos ostensibly produced a laboratory tool rather than an FDA-approved medical treatments, but that doesn't render the “trade secret” argument valid either. The German corporation Carl Zeiss, for example, generates billions of dollars in revenue every year producing microscopes, but it isn't as if the average optical physicist can't tell you pretty much exactly how they work. Long-term economic success again has more to do with excelling at logistics than creating unique technology.
Theranos was peddled as a Silicon Valley technology startup with the appetizing gimmick that it would “disrupt” the health care model.
How then, did Theranos fool so many for so long? The commonly proffered explanation—that Elizabeth Holmes' compelling ability as a “storyteller” was so virtuosic that everyone was taken in—is completely inadequate if we are to learn anything from this, well, hemorrhage. It's tempting to chalk this debacle up to the supposed authenticity of her one Ted talk (here's what's left of it; the full talk disappeared off of the Ted talks website, and seemingly the internet at large, last week), her self-styled Steve Jobs epigonism, her family's connection to deep pockets that provided the seed money, and her ability to convince otherwise prestigious luminaries from various other professional disciplines (mainly without medical or scientific expertise, it has been recently noted) that she would make them all even richer. But doing so ignores that these are all merely symptoms of the root of the real problem; a disease which, if we are not vigilant, can and will strike biotechnology and venture-capital again: From the start, Theranos was not marketed to the media and investors as biomedical science company. It was peddled as a Silicon Valley technology startup with the appetizing gimmick that it would “disrupt” the health care model, allowing it to play by a different set of rules than those applied to biomedical or pharmaceutical businesses. That's why the company got away with what it did for so long, and this is what we need to be wary of in the future.
The intellectual destituteness of the entire exercise seems obvious now, but let's revisit it briefly. Theranos was overseen by a board of successful white male saps, including such eminent names as Henry Kissinger, George Shultz, James Mattis, Bill Frist (a former surgeon, prior to his days in the Senate). It now offers a case study in groupthink and why diversity in leadership matters, since none of these men, it seems, ever broke ranks to ask the tough question of “how does this actually work.” Neither, it seems, did the venture capitalists who invested in it, or many of the journalists who covered it. Perhaps that's because Theranos' promised “disruptive” potential was covered not by science and medicine reporters, but by Silicon Valley technology reporters. Last week, Fortune's Roger Parloff bravely owned up to getting full-hoodwinked by Holmes. In his refreshingly forthright essay, Parloff acknowledges that as tech reporter without a science background (or the good sense to ask anyone qualified), he was in over his head. Even though he was on the right track with some of his questions, he ultimately got pump-faked by standard-issue marketing nonsense that sounds vaguely authoritative, but is, on second glance, purified drivel.
The Wall Street Journal's John Carreyrou did figure out how to ask those tough questions, and in doing so he became the hero who tipped the whole thing over, also generating some best investigative reporting in the history of Silicon Valley. But where, I've long wondered, were the science and medicine reporters during this whole debacle? Holmes and her team of scientists never seemed to get much attention from, say, Scientific American, let alone serious peer-review journals like Science, Nature, or the Lancet (not at least, until the fraud was exposed). Meanwhile, coverage in Forbes, Fortune, and yes, even Slate, focused on Holmes herself, a superstar CEO. Articles appearing in Glamour, Mother Jones, Business Insider, and CNBC extolled her status as a self-made billionaire, trumpeted her supposed leadership skills, and in general fueled a media-driven bacchanale celebrating Holmes as an inspirational icon for young entrepreneurs, a “rebel” with a cause, who everyone was pulling for.
As Jeff Goldblum's character famously noted, the park's scientists were “so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn't stop to think if they should.” So too with Theranos.
Not only did the basic questions get ignored; no one was pressing on the more complicated ones, either. Ironically, the only thing worse than Holmes' assurances and promises having been found to have been fraudulent would have been if they were actually true. If “microfluidics” could really mine scores of information from tiny amounts of blood, that ought to have bought up the classic quandary posed by that paragon of scientific ethics, Dr. Ian Malcolm of the Jurassic Park series. As Jeff Goldblum's character famously noted, the park's scientists were “so preoccupied with whether they could, they didn't stop to think if they should.” So too with Theranos.
The problem is that even if a drop of blood could be used to garner troves of medical information about ourselves, the likely outcome of this would not be better preventative medicine but rather overdiagnosis and overtreatment. Patients would likely have started getting treated for problems they didn't truly have with medicines they did not need and which can, in fact, do them harm (this explanation in FiveThirtyEight provides an excellent rundown of why over-testing asymptomatic people is a problem, as does the fascinating book “Overdiagnosed: Making People Sick in the Pursuit of Health”). Further, patients gaining the ability to order blood tests without a physician's orders sound liberating at first, but at a minimum, it would have created havoc: Lab results are rarely yes/no scenarios, which is why physicians have to interpret them in their proper clinical context. Plus, allowing anyone to order any blood test they wanted without professional guidance could have posed substantial privacy threats. What would stop a potential employer from adding a few tests, say an HIV test, to your drug screen, for example?
Luckily, we don't have to worry about this because, as we know, Theranos' super-secret technology doesn't actually work. After years of saying otherwise, Elizabeth Holmes and Theranos President Sunny Balwani face charges of “massive fraud,” but will walk away with a paltry slap on the wrist from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission: a $500,000 fine and a 10-year ban from working with Theranos. The fine is minimal compared to the hundreds of millions of dollars Holmes and her posse enriched themselves with over the past several years. And while Forbes reckons Holmes's net worth fell from $4.5 billion to approximately zero dollars in 2016, that should not be considered a punishment—it's just what happens when a CEO's bluster turns out to be based on nothing but hype.
A small fine for perpetuating massive fraud? No jail? No wealthy entrepreneur looking to cut a few corners on the way to amassing a fortune by fraudulent means would ever be deterred by this deal. If people like Holmes and Balwani were imprisoned or forced to sell their homes in the face of “massive fraud,” maybe that would force other fancy con artists to give their scams more serious thought before the sold them to the public. As it is, the punishment stands as just one more way Theranos managed to profit off of its Silicon Valley image. By connecting itself to a world that fetishizes failure as the price of trying, Theranos is still reaping rewards from convincing us to let it play under a different set of rules.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not reflect the views and opinions of Brigham and Women's Hospital.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital and serious damage was caused to a pub during a night of violence in Mickleover after last night's England game.
Police were called to Uttoxeter Road at around 10pm after reports of trouble at The Vine Inn.
Officers say a group of people caused significant damage to the pub by smashing up light fittings, drinks glasses, skirting boards, blinds and other property.
At around the same time, police were called to an alleged assault outside the nearby Nags Head pub.
Violence flared during the aftermath of England's World Cup penalty shoot-out win against Columbia.
(Image: Google Maps)
A 21-year-old man was taken to hospital with minor facial injuries.
Derbyshire Police have condemned the night of violence. In a statement the force said: "Earlier in the day, we posted on our social media channels encouraging football fans to enjoy the game safely.
"Incidents like this are frightening and disturbing for people attempting to do just that, as it is for pub staff bystanders who have no part in the disorder.
"Our investigation into these incidents is ongoing."
Mickleover police officer Tracy Bell revealed on Twitter that the night ruined a good evening out for many football fans.
She tweeted: "After the footie match last night, Mickleover pubs had to close early due to a select group of individuals fighting and causing criminal damage in one of the pubs.
"This behaviour has ruined a good night for many. Please drink sensibly. #WorldCup #drinkresponsibly."
More news from Mickleover - Anger at builders 'starting too early and covering roads in mud' - Beauty queen brings message of hope to victims of sexual assault - Hot August Night concert will raise money for Mickleover projects - Bomb squad called as explosive device is found at Derby home
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The heat is on. The entire country is waiting with bated breath. We're under pressure not just to perform in a typically mediocre manner but to truly triumph. No it's not the Six Nations but something far more important, it's the inaugural episode of Ireland's Got Talent.
Ireland's Got Talent is our chance to prove to our neighbours – nay, the world – that we also have our share of haunting child choirs that could crumble a stone heart, superior spoon-playing auldfellas and troupes of Riverdancing dogs primed and ready to perform their national duty when called upon.
It's a variety show that's a bit like a selection box of those random Late Late Show party pieces, the jazz-hands and familiar glamour of Tops of the Town given a millennial glow-up.
As the judges go through their CVs in the introductory VTs – from Drag Race diva Michelle Visage, Big Breakfast babe Denise Van Outen to our own lil' Judge Judy, Louis Walsh – comedian Jason Byrne sums up the appeal of the show as soon as he appears on screen “ Irish people love to be judging people”.
Byrne adds the necessary Irish flavour to the line-up with his colloquialisms about chippers and liberal use of “deadly” as a compliment, quipping that he knew dancers from “Swords and Ballinteer” when Van Outen boasted about her time working with choreographers in LA. His cheeky, good-natured summations cut through the now predictable patter of the talent show critique.
The show zooms off to a flashy start with silver-jacketed hun-bunned dancer Zacc Milne from Finglas, who slays the stage slicing through Beyonce's Formation with a series of razor-sharp, hair-whipping moves, like he just slid off the runway in Paris is Burning. Earning a standing ovation and glowing praise from the visibly impressed Visage, his modern, fun performance makes it abundantly clear how far we've come from the Billie Barry roly-polys of yore.
It's an auspicious overwhelmingly positive beginning that continues with the success of dance crews Afterlife (who mix street style with Irish dancing) and XDG who twirl around the stage to I Will Survive with the judges and the audience wailing in time. It's a bit like the drunken afters of an Irish wedding just before it tips out of control.
This eager run of approvals puts the show in stark contrast with its UK contemporaries. The emphasis is more on constructive criticism and light-hearted wisecracks rather than on the gloom and spitefulness of Cowell's incarnation. Even when the panel decide against an act they dispense advice with a humane kindness – the villainous reality-TV hatchet job is hopefully a thing of the past.
It would have been easy for them to have poured scorn and heaped rehearsed put-downs on poor Donna, a cheery soul whose act consisted of her singing songs while pulling various props out from a steamer-trunk. As the buzzers honked, Jason Byrne was the last to decide, his curious face contorted into an amused grimace, until Louis Walsh took it upon himself to prematurely end her turn by pressing Jason's buzzer.
Ireland's Got Talent judges (from left) Denise Van Outen, Jason Byrne, Michelle Visage and Louis Walsh, with presenter Lucy Kennedy (standing, centre)
For those playing talent show bingo there were the usual assortments of “zany” variety acts, like the dancing lads with tricolour towels covering their modesty as they jigged about, shyly giggling at their own jiggling pale flesh, a choreographed stag-night prank.
Then there was hip-wriggling 79-year-old Pat Glynn who belted out Blueberry Hill to the delight of Louis Walsh, and the spoon-playing (Bingo!) Tommy, who failed to progress to the next round but did get Jason Byrne hopping around the stage to Denise Van Outen's own spoon-accompaniment.
There may not have been dancing dogs (yet) but there was an ex-bouncy castle salesman turned comedian Sean Hegarty who charmed crowd and judges with an awful selection of Christmas-cracker jokes accompanied by David O'Doherty-style toy keyboard tinkling. It may have been sheer exhaustion or just the novelty of audience participation but Hegarty was the surprise hit of the night.
Although talent shows would be nothing without those big-tear jerking moments, the YouTube clips that can launch careers and Ireland's Got Talent had the sucker punch of the quiet 13 year old Shaniah who has just arrived in Ireland from the Philippines and dreams of bringing her brothers and sisters to Ireland if she wins the show.
She performed a heart-string-pulling version of True Colours that draws out the first tears of the night from Van Outen but Evelyn Williams from Tallaght is the true queen of the night.
“Am I boring yiz?” she enquires fluffing her snow-white barnet before launching into a show-stopping version of Send in the Clowns. Her emotional, performance ends the show with an attack of the warm-and-fuzzies that has Michelle Visage reaching for her golden buzzer to send Evelyn straight into the semi-finals.
In typical Dublin fashion, the octogenarian gathers herself after breaking down in tears and, with her hair covered in a halo of glitter, says: “I thought that buzzer was going to kill me or something, I'm going to hate going home now.”
Jason Byrne finishes the night by telling her that the whole of Ireland is proud of her, and you get the feeling that maybe ending on a performance like that, Ireland's Got Talent could actually be a statement rather than a dubious question.
Sammy Watkins has flown somewhat under the radar since joining the Los Angeles Rams this offseason. After being the talk of the NFL when the trade happened, the spotlight has shifted to Jared Goff and the Rams' offense.
Watkins has just 14 catches for 211 yards and two touchdowns, most of which came against the 49ers in Week 3. Outside of that game, he has just eight catches for 105 yards – pedestrian numbers, to say the least.
Part of the reason he's struggled with the Rams is the fact that he's not being targeted very often. Only 16 passes have come his way despite the fact that he's one of the most reliable receivers in the NFL with a catch rate of 87.5 percent.
In the past, Watkins may have lashed out and gone to the media, but he's changed the way he handles a lack of involvement.
“Two years ago, it would've probably been different,” Watkins said, via ESPN. “I would've probably gone to the media and been saying whatever, trying to get the coach's attention. That's how I used to do it back then. Like, ‘I need more targets.' Then that comes to the coach, and me and him have to talk.”
Watkins is two years removed from his controversial demand with the Bills when he said he needs “10 targets” a game, and that the team was making him look bad by essentially phasing him out of the offense. In those two years, he's learned that going to the press doesn't make the situation better, and has accepted that quarterbacks can't always force the ball to him.
That's evident with the Rams having several capable pass-catchers on the roster, including the team-leader in receiving yards, Todd Gurley.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Rams Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning. Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“I have to just be honest with myself: There are a lot of guys who are really good in this wide-receiver room,” Watkins said. “Not just wide receivers, but you have the tight ends, you have a running back who needs his touches, and there are a lot of guys who can do just about the same that I can do.
“When you have as much potential in one room, I have to be honest and say I'm not going to get 20 targets like an Odell Beckham or a Julio Jones or these other guys. But I'll take winning games over making myself feel good.”
Watkins is 121st in targets this season, trailing the likes of Zay Jones (four receptions), Aldrick Robinson (six catches) and Kenny Britt (eight catches on 23 targets). Watkins is still finding his footing in the Rams' offense, and should see more passes coming his way as the season goes on.
The Rams are at their best when Watkins is making big plays down the field, so expect him to get more involved in the coming weeks.
Permanent TSB has agreed to allow some of its distressed mortgage holders stay in their homes under a mortgage to rent scheme offered by an organisation called Home for Life.
This follows a similar scheme with two David Hall organisations, the Irish Mortgage Holders Association (IMHO) and iCare, which will ultimately allow customers defaulting on their mortgage stay in their homes as long-term tenants.
Home for Life, authorised by the Minister for Housing, Planning and Local Government, is initially targeting up to 500 households equating to a fund of approximately €100 million.
The voluntary, confidential scheme is available to distressed mortgage holders eligible for social housing and currently residing in a home where they wish to continue living but are unable and unlikely to pay their mortgage.
The Home for Life scheme enables a property to be sold to the group then leased back to the State through the local authority which sublets the home to the original homeowner. the leases are for 25 years in duration. Rents are set at 95 per cent of market rents.
“The appointment of Home For Life is a significant step towards a scaling of mortgage to rent to meet the needs of more borrowers in mortgage distress. It offers the flexibility of private funding with the trust and assurance that comes from having a local authority as landlord,” said Damien English, Minister of State with special responsibility for Housing and Urban Development.
Paul Cunningham, the organisation's chief executive, said it has been engaging with “key stakeholders” in the Irish banking and social housing sector for over two years.
“Working with our financial advisers we have developed a scalable, private funding model capable of meeting market demand for mortgage to rent with no impact for the State's balance sheet,” he added.
Initial funding from the scheme has come from the principals involved, including Charles O'Reilly Hyland and Paul Cunningham. When assets are purchased it is expected that additional funds will be raised.
The company was advised by Davy Corporate Finance and it is understood they have been in discussion with parties for funding hereafter.
…Fani-Kayode blasts APC critics of Jonathan
By Dirisu Yakubu
ABUJA—It emerged, yesterday, that Governors Nyesom Wike of Rivers State and Ibrahim Dankwambo of Gombe State are spearheading the move to bring back former Vice-President Atiku Abubakar to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP.
Yesterday, party chieftains refused to be dragged into the matter, saying the issue had been assigned to the two governors who are co-chairmen of the party's reconciliation committee that was recently inaugurated following the victory over the Senator Modu Ali Sheriff-led faction.
Multiple sources in the party told Vanguard, yesterday, that Atiku was, however, not the only former PDP person being sought.
National Secretary of the party, Senator Ben Obi, yesterday, said no formal contact had been made between the party and Atiku, saying the duty of reaching out to estranged members had been delegated to the Wike-Dankwambo committee.
Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, chairman of the PDP National Convention Committee had on the eve of the convention announced that very prominent former party members were set to return within three weeks.
Meanwhile, a PDP chieftain and former national officer of the party, who collaborated the report of the talks with Atiku, said: “Wike-Dankwambo Committee has reached out to many aggrieved members of the PDP who left at one time or the other to return to the party where they truly belong.
“That committee (Reconciliation) is already working but I am not the one to speak for it. If you ask me if they have contacted the former Vice President, my answer will be yes because you heard when our National Chairman tasked the committee to fling open the door for the return of defectors,” he said.
Atiku's spokesman, Paul Ibe, however, said the reports of the talks remain in the realm of speculation, affirming that Atiku “is a member of the APC.”
Fani-Kayode blasts APC critics of Jonathan
Meanwhile, former Minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode, has urged the Progressives Congress, APC, to seek the face of God for what he termed the party's “ineptitude and incompetence.”
Fani-Kayode, a member of the Forum of Former PDP Ministers, stated this while reacting to the call by some APC members that ex-President Goodluck Jonathan should apologise to Nigerians for providing a fertile ground for corruption to thrive while he held sway as President.
According to Fani-Kayode, there was nothing wrong with Jonathan's speech, describing same as the bitter truth.
“Jonathan's speech at the PDP Convention was outstanding and inspiring. He spoke the bitter truth. APC is a party of poverty and shame.”
“The APC should stop criticizing it and they should sit down, shut up and ask God for forgiveness for their ineptitude and incompetence,” he wrote on his personal Twitter Handle @realFFK, yesterday.
On Okechukwu's allegation that Jonathan did little in the fight against corruption, the ex-Minister said Osita needs help and a ‘banana.'
Txikiteo's Charcuterie Board serves up a variety of regional dry-cured meats from Spain, liverwurst made in Idaho, Olli Salami Toscano from Virgina, Creminelli Coppa from Utah, and Chorizo Cantimpalo from California. The board is filled out with pickled veggies, fruit, whole grain Dijon mustard and bread. Darin Oswald doswald@idahostatesman.com
The deal-making scene in the global nutricosmetics market has been pretty active over the past few years. In order to tap into synergies, players are resorting to mergers and acquisitions and collaborations. This has enabled them to access greater resources, tap into new markets, and most importantly diversify their product portfolio to cater better to the various needs of consumers. Savvy participants in the market are also seen banking upon product innovation to stay on top of consumers' preferences. All these along with high bargaining power of entities placed in the low spectrum of the value chain has intensified competition the market.
Key players in the global market for nutricosmetics are Nestle S.A., Cargill Incorporated, The Coca-Cola Company, L'Oréal SA, and E.l.Du Pont De Nemours and Company.
The market for nutricosmetics market worldwide is expected to rise at a 5.0% CAGR from 2017 to 2025 to become worth US$7.93 bn by 2025 from US$5.13 bn in 2016.
The global market for nutricosmetics can be segmented based on their primary functions into weight management, skin care, hair and nail care, and multi-functional. Among them, skin care segment accounted for a leading share in the market in 2017. Going forward too, it is expected to hold onto its dominant position. From a regional perspective, Europe accounts for leading market share due solid market penetration of nutricosmetics and increased awareness about the products among consumers. The market in the region is also being promoted by the mergers and acquisitions of key players.
Rising Geriatric Population Generate Maximum Demand
Numerous factors are expected to drive forward the global market for nutricosmetics. One of them is the increasing population of elderly who need the natural health products that can be orally consumed and target the hair, skin, and nails. Nutricosmetics are available in the form of functional foods, beverages, and beauty supplements. They are also marketed as beauty aids which contain active ingredients along with enzymes, proteins, botanical levaes, minerals, lycopene, etc. They can be in form of pills, capsules, jellies, and drinks.
An exclusive brochure of this report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=377
Apart from that, surging demand for natural products for enhancing beauty and health since they have lesser side effects and increasing cost of healthcare is driving sales of nutricosmetics too. The market is being boosted by the launch of innovative products having greater efficacies every now and then as well.
Limited Awareness about Products Limits Market Growth
On the downside, the market growth is being challenged by the limited awareness among consumers about the advantages of nutricosmetics since the product is relatively new. “Besides, longer time for nutricosmetics to generate results is also limiting their uptake,” adds the lead analyst of the report. However, with continued thrust on product development, better ones that take reduced time to produce results will likely hit the market thereby helping it to overcome the setback.
Request For Custom Research https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=CR&rep_id=377
This review is based on the findings of a TMR report, titled, “Nutricosmetics Market (Product Type – Supplements (Tablet, Capsule, Powder, and Liquid) and Beauty Beverages/Drinks; Primary Function – Skin Care (Sun Care, Anti-Ageing, Radiance and Glow, and Anti Acne/Pimple), Hair and Nail Care, Weight Management, and Multifunctional; Distribution Channel – Modern Trade, Health and Beauty Stores, Specialty Stores, Pharmacy Stores, and E-commerce) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.”
BERLIN (AP) " A look at Stuttgart and Hannover as the promoted teams prepare for the opening weekend of the Bundesliga.
___
STUTTGART
Stuttgart, which won the Bundesliga in 2007, was relegated in 2016 but bounced straight back by winning the second division last season.
Advertisement
The club has made a number of signings in an attempt to stay in the top flight this time: former Germany defenders Holger Badstuber and Dennis Aogo; Brazilian defender Ailton; forwards Chadrac Akolo and Anastasios Donis; and Germany backup goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler.
Arguably more significant, however, was Stuttgart's luring of Michael Reschke from Bayern Munich to be its sporting director. The 59-year-old Reschke has a good reputation for scouting and player development after three years at Bayern and 10 at Bayer Leverkusen. His services will be appreciated at a club that has long nurtured raw talent. Seven members of Germany's Confederations Cup-winning squad began their careers at Stuttgart, including Timo Werner, Joshua Kimmich and Mario Gomez.
Simon Terodde, the team's top goalscorer last season, knows his side faces a difficult task to ensure survival this year.
"In the second division we were always the favorites, had a lot of ball-possession," Terodde said. "That will change now in the Bundesliga when you're playing against the big teams like Schalke, Bayern, Dortmund. That's the way it is. But still, we're prepared."
___
HANNOVER
Hannover also returned at the first attempt, as the runner-up in the second division.
But the side's summer rebuilding has been overshadowed by club president's Martin Kind's takeover of voting rights. Kind has been an outspoken critic of the Bundesliga's 50-plus-1 regulation, which limits the influence of external backers, and he was able to increase his stake to a majority thanks to an exemption as he has backed the club for 20 years.
The regulation prohibits stakeholders from having more than 49 percent of a club, with the rest remaining in club members' hands to prevent takeovers. There are exceptions " Wolfsburg, Leverkusen, Hoffenheim and now, Hannover.
The move has been opposed by many club supporters and Kind has been the subject of derogatory chants at friendly games. Hannover's friendly at Premier League side Burnley was called off at halftime due to trouble from the visiting fans.
The club has been relatively quiet on the transfer front, bringing in defenders Julian Korb and Matthias Ostrzolek from Bundesliga rivals Borussia Moenchengladbach and Hamburger SV, respectively, as well as midfielder Pirmin Schwegler from Hoffenheim.
Staying in the Bundesliga is the initial priority, though Kind wants the club to play internationally.
Horst Heldt was appointed as sporting director last March, and he brought in Andre Breitenreiter as coach. The two had worked together at Schalke.
"We need three years to establish ourselves back in the Bundesliga, and then we will look forwards," Kind said. "I can't say yet whether that will be Europe."
___
More AP German soccer: www.apnews.com/tag/Bundesliga
FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) — More than two dozen mushers and their packs of dogs began a long, frigid race through Alaska's wilderness, aiming to be the first to reach the finish line in Whitehorse in Canada's northern Yukon Territory.
The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reports that the dog teams started the 1,000-mile (1,600-kilometer) Yukon Quest International Sled Dog Race on Saturday in downtown Fairbanks.
Newcomer Tim Pappas led the pack out of the city for the 35th running after drawing bib No. 1 on Thursday.
The first section of the race takes the teams along the Chena River for several miles until the trail diverges to the northeast to reach the Two Rivers Checkpoint.
Advertisement
The race lasts until the last team crosses the finish line, which typically takes between 10 and 16 days.
___
Information from: Fairbanks (Alaska) Daily News-Miner, http://www.newsminer.com
(CBS News) — Many Americans like to break out patriotic displays for Independence Day, but one Massachusetts man takes it to another level. Arthur McCann has transformed his entire front lawn into a giant red, white and blue American flag, CBS Boston reports.
The Norwood, Massachusetts, resident used field paint, stencils and measuring tape to create the 50 stars and 13 stripes.
- Advertisement -
“If you're going to do it, you have to do it right,” McCann told the station.
McCann, who celebrates July Fourth in a big way every year, says he comes from a patriotic family — his grandfather served in World War II and he just wants to show respect for veterans and those still serving their country, CBS Boston reports. The response to his artwork has been “through the roof,” he says.
“I'm blown away. People stand on the roof of their car and take pictures with their kids here,” he said. “It's so cool to see a good, positive response.”
In this Monday, June 19, 2017, photo, a person types on a laptop keyboard, in North Andover, Mass. The American workplace is grueling, stressful and surprisingly hostile. So finds an in-depth study of 3,066 U.S. workers, released Monday, Aug. 14, 2017, by the Rand Corp., Harvard Medical School and the University of California, Los Angeles. Elise Amendola AP Photo
Abuja – The Presidential Committee on North-East Initiative has called for more funding to rebuild, rehabilitate and recover insurgency affected areas in the region.
Mr Tijjani Tumsah, the Vice chairman of the committee, made this known while delivering a keynote address at the training and sensitisation workshop for the North-East resettlement, rehabilitation and relocation on Wednesday in Abuja.
Represented by Mr Muhammed Umar, the vice chairman said insurgency had continued to ravage the region, adding that it has not only deepened the region's poverty but led to displacement of over four million people.
“Over 299,717 homes have been destroyed and 430,467 partially destroyed, over 2.5 million people had become homeless,” he said.
Accordsing to him, this had resulted in the mass movement of Internally Displaced Person (IDPs) to the state capital and other large secure towns.
He said that about 85 per cent of the IDPs were accommodated in host communities and others in IDP camps within the region.
“Many settled in other parts of the country with a substantial number in the neighboring countries of Chad, Niger and Cameron.”
He said that the mass dislocation of populations from their homes and out of their traditional livelihood had led to severe humanitarian crisis.
According to him, to address this emergency situations, healthcare, food and temporary shelters were put in place by the Federal, State and Local Governments with the active supporter of local and international development partners.
Mr Krishnan Anantha, an official of UN habitat, said if there would be a lasting peace for the displaced IDPs, then there would be a need to have a home.
He said that the support from government, World Bank, individuals and the United Nations were able to restore the damage homes in some areas.
He said that this would further reduce the risk associated with explosive remnant of war and clear debris from where it was hampering access of reconstruction.
He said that there was need for coordination, leadership and support to fill intervention identified in the region.
Responding on behalf of the affected states, Mr Musa Obadah, Permanent Secretary, Taraba Ministry of Health, said that that they had help in establishing IDPs camps.
He said that the states had provided the victims with food, healthcare and education, adding that they are collaborating with both government and international bodies to see how they could secure the lives of other people.
Mr Geoffrey Garbage from Adamawa, National Planning Secretary, said that they had passed the state of emergency, adding that all the eight local governments captured by Boko Haram were at the stage of rehabilitation and recovery. (NAN)
2019: Group opens campaign on PVC collection
A group of young professionals has said that the idea to launch ‘the Participate Movement' a nongovernmental organisation is to encourage Nigerians to actively carry out their civic duties.
The ideology-driven campaign's focus is to increase PVC collection among registered voters.
In a statement, Jude Feranmi, the group's spokesman, said: “The kind of politics that is only geared to serve personal interests, funded by public treasury and marred with irregularities is not sustainable.
The group, said that Nigeria needs an urgent shift from the current style of politics that is bereft of ideology where platforms are just mere office-seeking spaces.
It further stated that the movement is meant to show a new direction on how politics should be played.
“We are focused on increasing collection of permanent voter cards in the short term, while we decide on a permanent political participation structure, after the 2019 polls.
This is a political movement with the mission to redefine Nigerian politics by building a formidable grassroots base, ready to challenge for elections in the medium term.
“The Participate Movement is a gradualist approach to working the grassroots, enabling leaders and the kind of politics that delivers economic empowerment for the citizens.
It also revealed that the movement aims to build a network of committed funders; lower/middle-class Nigerians, interested in participating in politics and funding an extensive grassroots network.
“We will work together on cultivating the trust of Nigerians in the grassroots and will be patient in enabling new leaders interested in creating local cells in selected states.
“Participate funding will be transparent to members as use of funds will be available to its members.”
The movement said it hopes to reach two million Nigerians and will launch in at least 10 states before the end of 2018.
Through local community outreaches, the group said it will encourage Nigerians to collect their PVCs and participate in the next general election.
Feranmi said members of the public interested in joining the movement can do so via participate.ng.
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it he was also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
BEIJING (AP) — The co-chairman of HNA Group, a conglomerate that operates China's fourth-largest airline and finance, logistics and other businesses around the world, has died in an accident while on a business trip in France, the company said Wednesday.
Wang Jian, a co-founder of the company, suffered "severe injuries" in a fall in Provence in southern France and died Tuesday at age 57, said an HNA Group statement. It gave no other details.
Launched in 1993 on the southern island of Hainan, HNA expanded into finance, hotels, logistics and other businesses in a multibillion-dollar global acquisition spree.
More recently, HNA has been selling some assets as Chinese regulators tighten lending controls and press companies to rein in debt.
Advertisement
Wang graduated from the Civil Aviation University of China and received an MBA from the Maastricht School of Management in the Netherlands, according to his company.
HNA agreed last year to acquire a hedge fund operated by Anthony Scaramucci, an aide to U.S. President Donald Trump. That never received regulatory approval and the two sides called off the deal in April.
NEW YORK (AP) — Small businesses created fewer jobs during May, joining larger companies in a slowdown that may be due to a lack of qualified candidates.
Payroll company ADP said Wednesday it counted 38,000 new jobs at its customers with 49 or fewer employees. That's down from an average of nearly 59,000 in the first four months of this year.
ADP's tally of new jobs at companies of all sizes fell to 178,000 from a four-month average of nearly 229,000.
Some companies have said in surveys they want to hire but struggle to find candidates with the right skills. A survey released Wednesday by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and MetLife showed that 32 percent of the 1,002 small business owners questioned between late March and late April expect to hire.
Advertisement
In a separate survey taken in early April by Wells Fargo and Gallup, 43 percent of the 603 owners questioned want to hire.
Moscow, Russia – May 29, 2018 – ElcomSoft Co. Ltd. updates Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp, the company's all-in-one forensic tool for extracting, decrypting and analyzing users' WhatsApp communication histories. The new release can now extract and decrypt information from WhatsApp Business for Android. Supporting physical acquisition from rooted Android handsets as well as stand-alone backups created by Android users in Google Drive, the tool offers full Android support for the Business app.
Physical extraction is possible for rooted Android devices. Cloud extraction requires authenticating into the user's Google account with their login and password; two-factor authentication is supported for protected accounts. Cloud extraction is possible without registering as a new WhatsApp recipient or entering a WhatsApp phone number. With cloud extraction, experts can access Google Drive backups created by all versions of WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business. The tool provides automatic download and decryption for WhatsApp backups and comes with a built-in viewer.
“With more than 10 million installations, WhatsApp Business is clearly a popular tool among small business users”, says Vladimir Katalov, ElcomSoft CEO. “WhatsApp Business protection is different enough of protection methods employed by the original WhatsApp to require an update to our acquisition tool. With our tool, experts can now access Android users' WhatsApp Business communication histories backed up in Google Drive or extract them directly from rooted Android devices.”
Extracting WhatsApp Business Data
Exclusively available to Android users, WhatsApp Business offer a number of features aimed at small business owners. The free Android app allows businesses interact with their customers by using a number of automation tools to quickly find and respond to messages. At this time, WhatsApp Business was downloaded from Google Play Store more than 10 million times.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 ( https://www.elcomsoft.com/exwa.html ) offers two acquisition methods for WhatsApp Business. The first method relies on root access in the phone being analyzed. With this method, the tool can extract a WhatsApp Business database from Android devices with installed root access. In addition to physical acquisition, Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp supports cloud extraction of WhatsApp Business backups from Google Drive.
Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 supports the new authentication method implemented by WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business to protect Google Drive backups. The new authentication method would normally require entering the registered phone number prior to accessing Google Drive backups. Elcomsoft Explorer for WhatsApp 2.40 helps overcome this restriction, enabling access to WhatsApp and WhatsApp Business Google Drive backups without first entering the registered phone number.
London, United Kingdom — 4 July 2018 — Care Compliance Expert is a company that has been founded with the sole objective of making the caring for the elders better. Taking it to the next level requires not only patience but deep knowledge for the needs and necessities of this segment of people. Many adults like to ignore what their parents need and how they feel at this old age. This is not a correct approach and the care quality has to be improved dramatically.
All the people are going to become old at some point in time and the quality that we all care for the elders will reflect on the karma that we will have when we reach this old age. High quality dementia care can beat half of the problem. When the person feels treated in the right way then the mood also improves and all of this happens in the right way. When the people are going to pay more attention to the health and safety in care homes then the general level of the quality of life will rise several per cent.
Most of the people are striving to grow a little bit every year and paying more attention to this objective can truly improve this growth and make the world that we live in a better place and a safer place for the elders that achieve an age that they have to be cared for. The care quality is directly dependent on this and when the people are focusing on having a higher standard then the world can more in the right direction. Having the right standards for the dementia care can change a lot of things starting with the attitude of the care persons and ending with the general mood of the people that are involved in this business.
CCE is a company that has been involved in this equation for a long time and has a wide variety of expertise domains in which it truly excels. The health and safety in care homes is one of the strongest domains that it can give professional advice in. Many other governmental organizations are consulting with the company when it comes to make critical changes in the regulations. The care quality is always on the rise and there are indeed new methods as to propel these changes.
Contact:
Company: Care Compliance Expert
Web site: carecompliancexpert.co.uk
URL: carecompliancexpert.co.uk/dementia-care
Sleep aids for babies linked to 12 deaths in the USA have been pulled from sale by Tesco and eBay.
The Food and Drug Administration in the US updated its advice this week, after previously warning parents not to use the products.
However, they are still for sale on many other British websites.
The positioners, also called 'nests' or 'anti-roll' cushions could lead newborn babies to suffocate, the FDA warns.
Tesco and eBay have both announced they will not sell them now, according to the Mirror Online .
The deaths in the US involved babies who rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing, the FDA has said.
A spokesman for Tesco told Mirror Online that the products were sold by a third party on the firm's website, and they were not sold in stores.
The spokesman added: "We have removed these products from our website as a precautionary measure."
A spokesman for eBay said it would also stop selling them and remove existing listings.
The FDA first warned about baby sleep positioners in 2010 - causing some retailers to pull the items. However, they eventually became available to buy again.
The FDA's website read: "These products - sometimes also called 'nests' or 'anti-roll' products can cause suffocation (a struggle to breathe) that can lead to death.
"The two most common types of sleep positioners feature raised supports or pillows (called 'bolsters') that are attached to each side of a mat, or a wedge to raise a baby's head.
"The positioners are intended to keep a baby in a specific position while sleeping and are intended for infants under 6 months old."
To reduce the risk of sleep-related infant deaths, including Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, infants should sleep on their backs, positioned on a firm, empty surface, the American Academy of Pediatrics said.
The surface should be free of soft objects, toys, pillows or loose bedding.
The Lullaby Trust in the UK also warns against using baby sleep positioners.
It says on its website: "There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
"It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.
"As babies grow stronger they learn to move and roll and this is fine."
Britain's goodbye to fossil-fuel cars by 2040 could boost the need for dirtier natural gas-powered stations.
The government's goal to replace petrol and diesel cars with those powered by electricity could see the construction of so-called open-cycle gas stations, said Carsten Poppinga, senior vice president of trading and origination at Statkraft, the Norwegian utility that operates hydro power plants and wind farms across the UK. Such units can keep the grid from buckling from the strain of people charging cars in peak demand periods. The catch? While the plants can start generating power almost instantly, they don't recycle waste heat, making them emit more greenhouses per megawatt than the combined-cycle stations that comprise the largest share of the UK's daily power output.
Britain may have no choice but to use the less environmentally friendly option, though. With little spare generation capacity, the nation is vulnerable to power shortages, particularly on cold, winter days when wind and solar energy may be in short supply. “Fundamentally there isn't as much overcapacity on the British market as in Germany, ” Mr Poppinga said by phone from Dusseldorf. “You could think about building open-cycle gas power plants to increase the flexibility in the system.”
Open-cycle gas generators cost less to build but have higher emissions per megawatt-hour produced than combined-cycle gas turbines. OCGTs convert about 33 percent of their fuel into power, while CCGTs manage as much as 60 percent, according to the fossil-fuel industry environment group IPIECA in London. That's still less dirty than oil, diesel or coal-fired stations, which can emit double what a gas-fired station does. Still, the flexibility of the plants will help more intermittent renewables enter the system, bolstering the shift toward cleaner energy, according to Drax Group. The utility plans four open-cycle plants in the UK that it calls “rapid-response gas.” Under U.K. environmental rules, the units can run a maximum of 2,250 hours, or about three months per year, a spokeswoman with the Selby, England-based company said. Drax doesn't expect to operate its plants for that long. RWE AG's U.K. unit “has taken initial planning steps” to build a 300 megawatt open-cycle gas plant east of London in a town called Tilbury, Germany's biggest power producer said in its first half statement on Monday.
The area previously had coal-fired and biomass power plants, though it stopped generating power in 2013. RWE is seeking to redevelop the site and also plans a 2,500 megawatt closed-cycle gas plant. To read more on the coming electric car hegemony, click here The challenge for the U.K. is to have enough power plant capacity to cover demand peaks until electric-car users adjust their charging habits to when consumption and prices are low. Britain will need to add 52 terawatt-hours of power capacity between now and 2040, or 16 percent of what's available now, to meet extra demand thanks to electric vehicles, according to data from Barclays and Bloomberg New Energy Finance. Some of the need for flexible power supply will be met by cables linking the UK to France, Norway and Belgium. “Massive investment in flexible power generation, electricity storage and the grid itself will be necessary to keep the lights on,” Johannes Wetzel, a research analyst for cross-commodity analytics at Wood Mackenzie, said in an emailed note. The electric-vehicle rule will be “a challenge for power grid stability.”
Bloomberg
The examination began on Monday, February 13, 2017 with English Language and Religious and Moral Education.
This year's Basic Education Certificate Examination (BECE) for private candidates enters the third day today, with candidates writing Mathematics and Ghanaian Languages and Culture.
A visit to the Asare Menako Hall in Accra on the first day of the examination revealed that the examination had taken off smoothly.
The Supervisor of the centre, Mr Timothy Quaye, told the Junior Graphic that but for the late arrival of some candidates, everything was all right.
Candidates on Tuesday, February 14, wrote Integrated Science and Basic Design and Technology. They are expected to write Social Studies and French tomorrow and Information and Communications Technology (ICT) on Friday.
A total of 1,339 candidates are writing the BECE for private candidates. Two hundred out of the 1,418 candidates who sat for the examination last year were placed in senior high schools and technical institutes.
This was in addition to the total of 437,958 school candidates who wrote the BECE in June.
The resit policy states, among other requirements, that candidates rewriting the examination must provide the index numbers and the year of writing the school BECE.
However, in the case of first-time candidates, they must be 16 years and above, and under this category “students in junior high schools are not qualified to register for the examination.”
The dates of birth of candidates would be printed on their certificates and, therefore, unqualified candidates caught writing the examination would have their results nullified.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Lignin Waste Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Lignin Waste market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Aditya Birla Chemicals, Changzhou Shanfeng Chemical Industry, Borregaard LignotTech, Asian Lignin Manfacturing, Lignol Energy Corporation, Domtar Corporation, Domtar Corporation, Green Value, Mead-Westvaco (MWV), Liquid Lignin Company LLC, Tembec Inc, Nippon Paper Industries, Dallas Group of America, Northway Lignin Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Lignin Waste Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lignin-waste-market/10356/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Lignin Waste market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Lignin Waste market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Lignin Waste Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Lignin Waste. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Lignin Waste in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Kraft Lignin, Lignosulphonate, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Concrete Additives, Dyestuff, Animal Stuff, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Lignin Waste Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-lignin-waste-market/10356/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Lignin Waste new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Lignin Waste market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Lignin Waste industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
The biggest investor in Seacoast Banking Corp. of Florida will significantly reduce its stake in the company less than a year after pushing for its sale.
CapGen Capital Group III is planning to sell up to 6.2 million Seacoast shares in an offering that could raise more than $120 million for the private equity fund run by former Comptroller Eugene Ludwig. The sale could also lower the firm's stake to roughly 3.3%.
This is a complimentary event, open to the public, for those who wish to show their support or learn more about the candidate.
Gregg Hart , a former two-term Santa Barbara city councilman, former planning commissioner and California Coastal Commission member, will hold an official campaign kick-off event in his run for the Santa Barbara City Council from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Thursday at Casa Blanca Restaurant, 330 State St.
Ask
Vote
Investigate
Answer
Welcome to Noozhawk Asks, a new feature in which you ask the questions, you help decide what Noozhawk investigates, and you work with us to find the answers.
Here's how it works: You share your questions with us in the nearby box. In some cases, we may work with you to find the answers. In others, we may ask you to vote on your top choices to help us narrow the scope. And we'll be regularly asking you for your feedback on a specific issue or topic.
We also expect to work together with the reader who asked the winning questions to find the answer together. Noozhawk's objective is to come at questions from a place of curiosity and openness, and we believe a transparent collaboration is the key to achieve it.
The results of our investigation will be published here in this Noozhawk Asks section. Once or twice a month, we plan to do a review of what was asked and answered.
Thanks for asking!
Click Here to Get Started >
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Fiji Teachers Union general secretary Agni Deo Singh during an interview with The Fiji Times. Picture: FT FILE
Update: 6:04PM THE Fijian Teachers Union has welcomed the decision by the Education Ministry not to overload teachers with paperwork and documentation.
In a statement issued today, FTU's general secretary, Agni Deo Singh said this directive by Education Minister, Dr Mahendra Reddy would now mean teacher's time could be better utilized with children.
"The Union has been calling on the ministry to remove unnecessary paperwork by the teachers in the classroom so that teachers could focus on their core business of teaching and learning," Mr Singh said.
In a circular sent out to school heads yesterday, Dr Reddy said it was recently brought to their attention that some teachers were continuously subjected to unnecessary paperwork and documentation.
Dr Reddy has instructed the school heads instead to ensure that this work must be carried out by the appointed administrative officers and not the teachers.
Vendors selling on the western side of Demico House, Stabroek Market Squarer were Friday night enraged by plans to ban them from selling there from next week Tuesday, but Deputy Mayor, Lionel Jaikarran said he was unaware of any decision.
In a handbill purportedly issued by City Hall to vendors there and bearing the name of Town Clerk, Royston King, they were told that “The Mayor and City Council will remove any and all persons selling on the western side of Demico any time after October 10, 2017.”
However, the Deputy Mayor, who is also the Chairman of the Council's Markets Committee, said he was unaware of any decision to remove the vendors from the western side of Demico. “I am not aware of that at all. Not that I know of at all, Sir, and I am also the Chairman of the Markets Committee and I should be the first to be alerted of this. I don't know anything of this,” when asked whether the Council had decided to remove the vendors. Jaikarran planned to make enquire about the decision on Saturday.
Angered by the move that they said would put them out of much-needed cash to maintain their families and grow their businesses, the vendors noted that the City Hall handbills are dated October 6, 2017 but City Hall issued receipts to those vendors for selling outside Demico from October 2 to 7, 2017.
“I am a young person and I have a young family- a two year old and a four-year old and my mother sick-It will be hard. I borrow people money to turn over,” said vendor, 27-year old Samuel Tudor who has been vending there for the past four years.
One of the vendors, who sells cellphone cases, charges and power-packs on the pavement outside the western wall of Demico, said he and other vendors were granted permission to occupy that area on the condition that they kept the place clean and tidy. He said he paid his weekly vending fee on Thursday but was never told that he would have to remove.
Tudor's concerns were echoed by a mother of three, Shelly-Ann Hope, who said no meeting was held with vendors. “They haven't held any meeting. They are just treating us like dogs. They don't have no where to put we. We can't sell anywhere else because it is charger and earpiece,” she said. Tudor and Hope said they would like permission to cover the gutter and sell over it. “When I move Tuesday how I will survive? I don't know any other trade, only selling,” she added.
The Town Clerk's communication that “vending is not allowed” on the western side of Demico and that they must “stop selling” there from October 10, 2017 is also expected to affect food vendors who ply their trade on the area that is used by taxis during the day.
“It is very stressful when I saw that circular,” said a female vendor who sells food thrice weekly to support her children's attendance of University of Guyana and Government Technical Institute, purchase food and pay utility bills. “If I remove, it will affect my son's education. It is just hurting my head so I want to know what can be done about it because a lot of single parents are selling out here… I don't want to see my children on the market like me. That's the reason why I am educating them from nursery to university. What I didn't have, I am trying to give them,” she added.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the woman said she was too old to be a prostitute although she never engaged on commercial sex work when she was young. “What you wan't me to do? Pick fair (commercial sex work)? I am too old. I can't pick fair. No man ain't want me. I'm done old already and I never pick fair when I was young and I ain't able to pick fair now. That is the bottom line!,” she said as she awaited another customer.
The last time that Stabroek Market / Demico area vendors were dislocated was in May, 2016 ahead of Guyana's 50th Independence anniversary celebrations. Many of the hat vendors, who had then sold on the western side of Demico, had bee forcibly removed and were given temporary refuge at a vacant plot of land on Hadfield and Lombard Streets.
Months later, the owner of the land, Hareshnarine “Chiney” Sugrim evicted the occupants of that land and locked the the gates.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Southwest Airlines apologized Tuesday to the Cal women's basketball coach Lindsay Gottlieb after she claimed an airline employee stopped her from boarding because the worker didn't believe her 1-year-old biracial son was hers.
A desk agent questioned Gottlieb ahead of a flight from Denver to Oakland Sunday, saying she “had to `prove' that he was my son, despite having his passport,” Gottlieb said in a series of tweets.
“She said because we have different last name. My guess is because he has a different skin color,” Gottlieb tweeted Monday. The head coach from the University of California, Berkeley was traveling with her fiance, Patrick Martin, the boy's father, who is black.
Airlines aren't required to match the last name of a child and guardian for domestic flights.
“We have reached out to Ms. Gottlieb directly to address her concerns and will utilize the situation as a coaching opportunity for our Employee,” Southwest said in a statement. “We apologize if our interaction made this family uncomfortable — that is never our intention.”
Gottlieb said Tuesday that the encounter was hurtful, but she appreciates Southwest's apology.
“I felt that in this situation it was my responsibility to say `Hey, this isn't ok,”‘ Gottlieb said in a statement to The Associated Press. “I hope the coverage this has received can serve as a learning opportunity and that all families — regardless of how `traditional' they may or may not look — are treated with dignity and respect.”
Gottlieb, Martin and their child were eventually allowed to board.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The grieving widow of a man killed in a car crash told the woman at fault that the "overwhelming feelings of sadness" never go away.
Kobie Hetet, the widow of crash victim Adrian Hetet, made the comment as she read her victim impact statement to Waikato woman Olivia Kellie Miller in the Tauranga District Court on Tuesday.
Miller, 19, was appearing for sentencing after earlier pleading guilty to aggravated careless driving while under the influence of alcohol, causing Adrian Hetet's death and injuring Kobie Hetet.
Miller, who was on a restricted licence, was driving fatigued and had drunk alcohol before the October 28 crash on State Highway 29 near the junction of Omanawa Rd.
Advertisement
Adrian Hetet died at the scene and his wife, seated beside him, was knocked unconscious.
Her right eye socket had five breaks, her right cheekbone was crushed and her jaw broken. She needed facial reconstruction surgery.
Kobie Hetet also needed ongoing orthodontic surgery to re-align her teeth.
The Hetets' 10-year-old son in the back seat escaped injury.
Miller was treated at Tauranga Hospital for a concussion and minor injuries.
During the emotionally-charged sentencing hearing, Kobie Hetet wept as she described how her life had been changed forever.
"I have lost my husband, who was my biggest supporter and the rock in my life, and our son has lost his dad, who was his hero," she said.
"Trying to put into words the huge emotional toll this has taken on me and my son is impossible to explain and I feel emotionally and physically drained.
"Financially and emotionally it has created a lot of pressure for me and it's been a huge struggle to keep going.
"The one person I need when things get tough is not here anymore. Adrian was my go-to person for everything, and the overwhelming feelings of sadness are there all the time.
"I have been handed a life I didn't ask for and don't need, and for my son to lose his father in this way, is something no 10-year-old should ever have to experience," she said.
Miller's lawyer Bill Lawson unsuccessfully argued for a sentence of community detention and community work given his client's age and otherwise unblemished character.
Lawson also argued Miller deserved "significant" credit for her willingness to attend a restorative justice meeting, and her offer of pay up to $5000 in reparation.
"It was a harrowing process for everyone concerned," he said.
Judge Christina Cook said there was clear evidence of poor driving by Miller before the crash, and her decision to drive fatigued and after drinking led to this "hugely tragic" outcome.
"After reading the restorative justice meeting report and hearing from Mrs Hetet I am sure this has had a profound impact on everybody's life," she said.
Judge Cook said in her view, four-and-half months' home detention was the appropriate outcome given all the circumstances. She ordered Miller to pay $10,000 reparation.
The judge also disqualified Miller from driving for two years.
Outside the court, Kobie Hetet said she was disappointed by Miller's sentence.
PORT EVERGLADES, FLA. (WSVN) - Suspected drug smugglers were stopped at sea and arrested by the U.S. Coast Guard after a large sum of pot and cocaine was found on board.
The crew of the U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Legare have been working hard at sea since February. They've recovered nearly 25,000 pounds of cocaine and 2,600 pounds of marijuana, Tuesday.
The amount of drugs they recovered has a street value of about $400 million.
The Coast Guard picked up those narcotics on 17 different interdictions across areas of Caribbean seas.
7Skyforce hovered over the scene of four alleged smugglers in custody as they sat on the dock of the cutter.
The Coast Guard released pictures of crew members boarding the small rudimentary boats where drugs can be hidden in various compartments inside.
A member of the crew told 7News about the dangers of what they do overseas. “As far as a lot of these people, you never know what you're going to encounter, so that adds to the factors, as well as drug smuggling,” he said. “Some of those boats were specifically used for drug smuggling, so it makes it hard for us to get inside those boats, as well as regressing out of those boats. All that adds to the excitement and it adds to the dangers as well.”
The crew will be in South Florida on a three-day leave before returning to Virginia.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Adeboye Amosu:
Nigerian striker Godwin Obaje's move to Tunisian club Etoile du Sahel may have hit the brick wall over contractual matters, Completesportsnigeria.com reports.
The striker who was top striker in the Nigeria Professional Football League with 18 goals last season was said to have signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with the former African champions.
But both clubs are however yet to agree on the final details of the contract which may now stall the move.
Etoile, Completesportsnigeria. com scooped, are requesting for Obaje's International Transfer Certificate before paying the transfer fee.
His Nigerian club Wikki Tourists are however unwilling to send the ITC insisting the money be paid before they send it.
Completesportsnigeria.com also learnt that another Tunisian club Club Africain are also looking to hijack the move if both parties fail to find a solution in time.
Auwalu Jada, the team manger of the Bauchi Elephants, was not forthcoming when Completesportsnigeria.com contacted him on the matter.
"I don't want talk about the issue of Obaje's transfer to Etoile du Sahel at the moment," he stated.
"It's not ideal to do that for now. At the appropriate time, we will make an announcement on that."
Two years ago, Obaje had a move to Slovakian club AS Trencin break down over contractual issues.
He also recently failed trials at Russian club Spartak Moscow.
4years ago My wife left me,because i was too WEAK in bed,but today she calls me Bed Champion.Now i finally discovered a Natural Solution that forces women to ask for more. " - CLICK HERE To See My Breakthrough.
Men, eat this fruit & you will get a bigger penis size.
How I Permanently Cured My Premature Ejaculation And Low Sperm Count Problem Without Any Side Effects Within 72hrs.And Confidently Last Over 35 Minutes Per Round In Bed.
Array of treatment programs provides economical — and successful — assistance with an emphasis on community
About 25 people got a glimpse inside the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission last week, along with a closer look at the operation that is helping treat those with addiction needs. The visit was part of “60 Minutes at the Mission,” a monthly event that opens up the facility for a tour, allowing those in attendance to learn about the nonprofit organization's outreach.
Over coffee and pastries, guests listened as Rescue Mission president Rolf Geyling spoke a bit about the history of the mission, which was founded in 1965 by Mary and Chuck Pope. Today, he said, it is the only shelter open every night of the year between Ventura and Santa Maria.
Providing for people's short-term needs like food and shelter is important, but by ignoring underlying issues like addiction, “we are not truly loving them as our faith compels,” Geyling said.
Recovery can be expensive, and many facilities charge up to $25,000 a month for in-patient programs. Geyling said the Rescue Mission can keep treatment program costs at about $25,000 per person per year, an amount that includes food, housing, education and treatment. Almost 90 percent of the mission's $2.5 million budget go toward recovery efforts.
“There are a number of people in our community walking the precipice of losing it all if they don't get treatment,” Geyling said.
One addict can cost the community upward of $100,000 just in emergency room costs, he said, making treatment an economical solution as well as a moral imperative.
L.B. Chandler, a staff member who works with the men's treatment program, shared his story of addiction and treatment. After years of using cocaine and methamphetamines, Chandler went through the Rescue Mission program and has been clean for seven years.
“(The Rescue Mission) saved my life,” he said.
John Gabbert, senior program director at the women's treatment facility, Bethel House, led a tour of the mission complex at 535 E. Yanonali St. Gabbert himself has a compelling story that stems from addiction. He lived in a cardboard box on Los Angeles' Skid Row and said he weighed just 96 pounds when he entered rehab.
“I am very acquainted with the miracle of recovery,” he said.
Gabbert recalled sitting in front of the downtown Los Angeles Public Library as a homeless person, watching people in their daily routines.
“I remember feeling so detached and isolated from community,” he said.
Gabbert's motto is now “Recovery happens in community,” which is exactly what the Rescue Mission's residential treatment programs embody.
He shepherded the group through the mission's courtyard and chapel, where worship services are held. A person can receive services from the Rescue Mission without attending chapel, he said, but he noted that services are “a resource for all residents.”
The tour also got a glimpse of the lunchroom where the mission serves about 120 meals per night, a ministry that has seen an increase with the economic downturn.
A learning center, complete with computers, was the last stop on the tour, and serves as a career development center for the men in recovery at the mission. The women in treatment at Bethel House also have a career center, where they are able to develop résumés, hone interview skills and job hunt during the treatment process. Gabbert said 85 percent of people in treatment at the Rescue Mission leave with jobs, while most of the other 15 percent leave pursuing further education.
“We're grateful and amazed what we're able to do here,” Geyling exclaimed.
Click here for more information about the treatment programs available at the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission, or call 805.966.1316. Connect with the Santa Barbara Rescue Mission on Facebook. Follow the Rescue Mission on Twitter: @SBRescueMission.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk or @NoozhawkNews. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FAILURES to heed weather forecast warnings contributed to the death of a British soldier who drowned when his canoe capsized in an army training exercise in Cyprus.
Army chef Jamie Lee Sawyer, 20, from Birmingham, died when a predicted thunderstorm led to eight-foot high waves engulfing his kayak and dragging him under swelling seas off the coast near Cape Greco.
Attempts to save him proved fruitless and Private Sawyer's lifeless body was eventually pulled out of the Mediterranean sea more than an hour after Cypriot emergency services were first called.
Recording a narrative verdict, Birmingham coroner Louise Hunt said there had been a failure to ensure daily risk assessments carried out by the expedition leaders had adequately covered specific hazards, like thunderstorms.
She said two thunderstorm warnings predicting strong winds and high waves along Cape Greco had been issued just hours before the tragedy on March 12 in 2015.
But they were not received by the kayaking expedition because of army protocol at the time.
Instead the group relied on a generic army weather forecast for the wider region, which mentioned potential wind gusts of up to 35mph.
Mrs Hunt added: “Jamie should not have been doing that exercise with the weather in that state.”
She criticised Mr Sawyer's kayak instructor for suggesting army weather forecasts were often “unreliable” saying David Hughes “did not consider what might happen if the forecasts did come to fruition.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Hughes, who has 37 years' kayak experience, had earlier said: “It was only a forecast, saying there is potential for reasonably strong winds with gusts of excessive force.
“It's not telling you the seas are going to be rough.”
Mr Hughes, 48, had originally been charged with causing death by reckless act and was extradited to Cyprus in January 2016, where a judge ruled there was insufficient evidence to prosecute him.
Mr Sawyer, known as Jay, was a chef with the Royal Logistics Corps attached to the 2nd Battalion Battlegroup.
He joined the army in April 2013 and had taken part in several training exercises in the UK before being deployed to Cyprus on a six-month UN peacekeeping tour.
After the verdict Mr Sawyer's family said in a statement: “Today's findings have gone some way to providing the answers the failed criminal proceedings could not and I sincerely hope that lessons can be learned, so that no other soldier dies in similar circumstances.
“Jay was the best son and brother we could ever have asked for. We are deeply proud of him and feel his loss deeply.
“He was devoted to his family and to the military and as a result of what happened has been taken from both.
“Not having answers has been the greatest agony since being told of his death.
“Even though hearing of his final moments has been painful, it is a relief to finally know what happened to Jay.
“All I hope for now is that lessons are learned and safety measures improved so it doesn't happen again to anyone else.
“While some lessons appear to have been learned, that will never bring Jay back to us.”
The coroner said she was satisfied that army weather forecasts were now more detailed and better communicated.
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market.
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped him collect the coins over the past 10 months. He did not identify the suspect, who state media referred to as the "Sultan of Coins."
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins.
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months. The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000.
STERLING, Va. (AP) — President Donald Trump wished America a happy Fourth of July holiday Wednesday and reserved special praise for the "American heroes" whose sacrifice he said helped the nation win her independence 242 years ago.
Trump tweeted a short video that included well wishes from him and first lady Melania Trump. The Trumps were hosting a White House picnic for military families later Wednesday, followed by a concert and viewing of the fireworks on the National Mall.
"Our freedom has been earned through the blood and sweat and sacrifice of American heroes," Trump said.
Trump left the White House on Wednesday morning clad in a white short-sleeved shirt, dark slacks and a cap and was driven west across the Potomac River in the direction of the private golf club he owns in Northern Virginia.
Advertisement
The White House did not immediately confirm that Trump is at the club. Reporters were not allowed to accompany him to his destination, as is the case with virtually all presidential travel.
Trump got into the Independence Day spirit a day earlier by celebrating active-duty service members during a military tribute Tuesday night in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. At the "Salute to Service" charity dinner, Trump praised "Americans of every generation" who have served in the armed forces.
___
Follow Darlene Superville on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dsupervilleap
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Robbie Savage has admitted that he was “an all-round nuisance” when he was trying to force through his move away from Birmingham City.
In his Mirror Sport column, where he talks about the situation concerning Riyad Mahrez, Leicester City and a failed transfer deadline day move to runaway leaders Manchester City, the former Welsh international explained why he sympathises with Mahrez, who is to be fined a couple of weeks wages for not turning up to training.
Savage offered his own experience as to why he understood Mahrez's frustrations, amid plenty of criticism from elsewhere, particularly in 2005 when he set his heart on a move to Blackburn Rovers.
Eventually, then Blues boss Steve Bruce had to give in and allow the midfielder to leave for Ewood Park, but not before he'd caused his manager unnecessary problems.
“In my opinion, Mahrez is worth £75m — but if he wants to go, he's only worth as much as Leicester can get for him,” Savage wrote.
“There is talk of him being fined for failing to show up for training, but I know – from personal experience – how galling it can be when your heart lies elsewhere in football.
“When I was a player and I wanted to leave Birmingham for Blackburn, I caused havoc when I didn't get my way at first.
“I'm not proud of my behaviour – I was smashing balls away in training, knocking on doors, getting sent home and being an all-round nuisance – but I never downed tools.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Even when I was made to turn out for the reserves, I applied myself in a professional manner during games although it came to a point, away at Newcastle, where I was only at 95 per cent – and that was the end for me and Steve Bruce, and I got my way.
“And I have to admit: If I had been denied my move to Blackburn, I would never have forgiven Bruce.
“I had a month to make my move to Blackburn happen – but Mahrez only had few days. If City had registered their interest earlier in January, I suspect they would have struck a deal well inside the deadline.
“Even now, when Leicester look at the bigger picture, surely they will have to concede that Riyad Mahrez has been an unbelievably good player for them... but it's time to let him fulfil his potential.”
Selection dilemmas
Birmingham City go in search of their first away win against Sheffield Wednesday in 12 years this weekend.
Blues have not emerged victorious at Hillsborough since December 2006 when Stephen Clemence, Gary McSheffrey and Cameron Jerome were on target for the visitors.
The Owls have won four and drawn two at home to Blues since - including a 3-0 result in February last year.
Banking three points on Saturday could take Blues as many as four points above the drop zone, while Sheffield Wednesday sit four places above Steve Cotterill's side in 16th position.
Team news
Cotterill's policy of consistent team selection for league matches in recent weeks could be rocked with David Davis and Jacques Maghoma doubtful.
Both players starred in the 3-1 victory over Sunderland on Tuesday evening before they were brought off.
Maghoma pulled his groin while Davis hurt his thigh.
"One is 50/50 and nip and tuck and the other one probably won't play, so that's where we are with them," said Cotterill.
Isaac Vassell is the only long-term absentee.
GK/defence
Having a settled back five is beginning to pay dividends.
Stockdale remains the first-choice goalkeeper while it's difficult to argue the case for any defensive swaps.
"I wasn't waiting with baited breath" Birmingham City manager Steve Cotterill's transcript
Midfield
Keeping changes to a minimum is key to extending the momentum that's been created over the last month or so.
Operating on the proviso that Davis is out - it's a straight swap with Gardner coming in. Lowe is another option for Blues but it's anther quick turnaround with the replay against Huddersfield on Tuesday.
Alongside Gardner it's Kieftenbeld and Ndoye, keeping the same shape.
Attack
Again, making only enforced changes, Maghoma's places it taken by Adams.
There's a temptation to bring in Jota but Adams will do a better job of replacing the energy lost by Davis and Maghoma's absences.
We saw how useful pacey breaks can be for Blues against Sunderland and Adams, with Tuesday's goalscorers Gallagher and Boga, is the best option to look to do that again.
There's also scope for Adams and Boga to swap sides during the game.
4-2-1-3: Stockdale, Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds, Kieftenbeld, Gardner, Ndoye, Adams, Gallagher, Boga.
Let us know who you think Cotterill should select by using the widget above.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic believes his 17 goals for Manchester United have made his doubters “eat their balls” and that José Mourinho's side can still win the title.
Saturday's 2-1 victory against Middlesbrough at Old Trafford was a fifth straight league win and takes United to 36 points, 13 behind the leaders, Chelsea, as they travel to West Ham United for today's late afternoon kick-off.
United needed goals from Anthony Martial and Paul Pogba on 85 and 86 minutes to overcome Grant Leadbitter's strike with a quarter of the game to go but the home side felt they should have been ahead before half-time.
Ibrahimovich had what appeared a legitimate finish struck off by the referee, Lee Mason, for his collision with Víctor Valdés despite this clearly occurring after the No 9 made contact with the ball.
The finish would have taken the Swede to 51 goals in 2016, level with Lionel Messi's highest mark for the calendar year.
Yet Ibrahimovic was content with the three points and in his own particular fashion took personal satisfaction from the stellar start to his United career.
“I had a fantastic year, I am not complaining. I came to United, my first six months here has been more than amazing. I am super happy and let's hope we can continue the ride and keep going.
“I feel good. I don't know how many years I have left but I am enjoying the football. I came to the Premier League and everyone thought it would not be possible but like always I make them eat their balls.”
Some mistakes
Asked to explain this, the 35-year-old said: “It gives me a lot of energy, trust me. A lot of energy because they get paid to talk shit and I get paid to play with my feet, that's how I enjoy it.”
ADVERTISEMENT
United are trying for a sixth consecutive league victory for the first time in two seasons.
Ibrahimovich said of their form: “With every game you win, you get confidence. We haven't lost for the last 10 games [actually 12], and it was important to win against Middlesbrough. We had to work hard for the win and the important thing is the three points because we want to come closer to the top and we are losing 1-0 and we should have had the goal, I scored.
“Why he whistled, I don't know. At first he gave the goal and after 30 seconds, he changed his mind. There was not a lot to speak to him because if you open your mouth, they give you a yellow and I was like: ‘Listen, you just took a goal from me, and now you want to give me a yellow card.'
“That was not important – to level with Messi. The important thing was to win. For me the win is the same if I would beat Messi or not. Hopefully we can still win the league. We had our dips and we were winning and losing and winning and losing and hopefully the other teams can do some mistakes and we can close the gap closer and come into the top four.”
Ibrahimovic has never played two matches in 48 hours, as he will do when lining up at West Ham, with Mourinho confirming he will start there.
“It's crazy,” said the centre-forward. “There is no superman, there is no strength that can recover from a game so fast and I cannot do nothing about it. If the coach wants me to play, I will play. But let's be realistic, from a game you need to recover two or three days.”
A happy Mourinho said: “Zlatan's disappointed because in this moment he should be celebrating being top scorer in 2016. He did it. But he will start on Monday. You can tell [Slaven] Bilic that.”
West Ham are 12th with 22 points after Saturday's 1-0 defeat at Leicester City, who visit a Middlesbrough side four points above the drop zone today.
Leadbitter said: “We have a little league table that we want to finish top of, and that has to be our priority this season. One of the teams in that league is coming up on Monday at home and we have to look forward.”
Guardian Service
American regulators have proposed a major loosening of the Volcker rule ban on banks gambling their own money in the markets, as Trump appointees cut back a centrepiece of the reforms sparked by the last financial crisis.
Led by the Federal Reserve, regulators on Wednesday unveiled a range of changes that will soothe long-standing bank grievances, outlining a “Volcker 2.0” plan that they said would save banks from “undue burden” without sacrificing safety.
One key proposal would tailor Volcker compliance rules according to size so that only banks with the biggest trading operations would be subject to the strictest rules. Another would make it easier for banks to show they are engaged in market-making, which is permitted, rather than speculation.
According to prepared remarks for a Wednesday public meeting, Jay Powell, the Fed chair appointed by President Donald Trump, said regulators were seeking to “replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements”.
With Trump critics accusing regulators of trying to undo Dodd-Frank, Mr Powell said the Fed was not challenging the view enshrined in the law that federally insured banks should not engage in proprietary trading. The proposal “is faithful to both the text and the spirit of the law”, he said.
Assets
The Fed's proposal, which was sent to its board of governors ahead of the Wednesday meeting, would tailor the Volcker compliance regime to three different categories of banking entities, with 18 banks falling into the largest group with gross trading assets and liabilities of at least $10 billion (€8.6 billion).
It would also seek to simplify regulatory requirements by giving banks new quantitative “bright-line rules” to provide more clarity on what activities are prohibited and permitted.
In an important win for banks, regulators are proposing to drop a proprietary trading test that involved establishing the intent of traders. They want to replace it with a requirement for banks to establish their own “internal risk limits” to ensure they are meeting the demands of customers and not placing bets.
The Volcker rule, which ran to 964 pages of regulation, was designed to stop banks with government-insured deposits from putting taxpayer money at risk by engaging in dangerous market gambling with their own money.
Overly complex
Banks criticised the rule for being muddled and overly complex and blamed it for inhibiting market making activity meant to be permitted.
Fed is seeking public comment on its proposals and will be followed by four other regulators that jointly oversee the Volcker rule, including the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The rule helped to drive significant structural changes on Wall Street by forcing banks to close their stand-alone proprietary trading desks and encouraging them to shrink the size of their trading books. It also prevented banks from investing in hedge funds and private equity firms.
According to prepared remarks, Randal Quarles, the Fed's regulatory chief, stressed that the proposal was a “best first effort” at simplifying and tailoring the Volcker rule.
“I view this proposal as an important milestone in comprehensive Volcker rule reform, but not the completion of our work,” he said.
– Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2018
Gene Simmons is trying to trademark a hand gesture widely used as an official rock salute.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the Kiss frontman filed an application on Friday with the US Patent and Trademark Office to trademark the gesture.
Simmons is claiming it for "entertainment, namely, live performances by a musical artist; personal appearances by a musical artist".
He believes it was first used on November 14, 1974 as part of Kiss' Hotter Than Hell tour.
Advertisement
But the rocker faces an obstacle: John Lennon can be seen using the gesture on the cover of the 1966 Beatles single Yellow Submarine/Eleanor Rigby.
The report segments the market and forecasts its size, by volume and value, on the basis of product, by application, and by geography (North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, MEA and South America).
Request A Sample Copy of This Report at: https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023/request-sample
The report covers forecast and analysis for the thermal paper market on a global and regional level. The study provides historic data of 2013-2017 along with a forecast from 2018 to 2023 based on both output/volume and revenue. The study then describes the drivers and restraints for the thermal paper market along with the impact they have on the demand over the forecast period.
The report has been prepared based on the synthesis, analysis, and interpretation of information about the global thermal paper market collected from specialized sources. The competitive landscape section of the report provides a clear insight into the market share analysis of key industry players. Company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, new project launched, recent development analysis are the parameters included in the profile.
Browse Full Research Report with TOC on https://www.radiantinsights.com/research/global-thermal-paper-market-outlook-2018-2023
The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geographies, types and applications. All the segments have been analyzed based on present and future trends and the market is estimated from 2018 to 2023. Relevantly, the report and company profiles specify the key drivers that are impacting the demand in global thermal paper market.
Key Regions
– North America
– Europe
– Asia Pacific
– Middle East and Africa
– South America
Key Questions Answered in this Report
– What will the market size be in 2023?
– What are the key factors driving the global thermal paper market?
– What are the challenges to market growth?
– Who are the key players in the thermal paper market?
– What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key players?
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) " Freewheeling Uber faces major change. Its board is cracking down, its founder and CEO is stepping away indefinitely, and the company itself is coming to grips with measures intended to reform its toxic culture and aggressive business practices.
And it all started when Susan Fowler, a former Uber engineer, posted a personal essay in February that detailed the company's toleration of sexual harassment and discrimination. Had she not come forward in such a public manner, it's possible none of this would have happened.
"What she did took real courage," said Elizabeth Ames, a senior vice president at the Anita Borg Institute, a nonprofit founded to advance women in the technology business. "There are many women in companies and technical worlds (who) step up and talk about this problem. And often they are the ones that get tagged as being the problem."
CH-CH-CH-CHANGES
Advertisement
Following Fowler's post, Uber hired former Attorney General Eric Holder to investigate her charges . His law firm's subsequent recommendations , released Tuesday, aim to fix Uber's dysfunctional management, which allowed the male-dominated ride-hailing company to grow huge without even the most basic procedures to prevent sexual harassment, bullying and other bad behavior.
Also on Tuesday, Uber founder and CEO Travis Kalanick accepted responsibility for the company's state and told employees that he'd be taking an indefinite leave of absence. The company declined to say if Kalanick's decision was related to the report.
But Kalanick wasn't the only Uber official sucked into the vortex unleashed by Fowler's essay. On Monday, the company announced that Emil Michael, vice president for business and a close Kalanick ally, was also leaving. Then Uber board member and hedge fund partner David Bonderman resigned Tuesday night after making what he called an inappropriate remark about women at a company meeting.
The 13-page document from Holder's firm Covington & Burling LLP did not outline the investigation's findings about Uber. But its recommendations implicitly expose a startup-turned-goliath that permitted misconduct, had few policies to protect employees and ran with little board supervision.
The recommendations, adopted unanimously by Uber's board, show clearly that the company's next incarnation " dubbed Uber 2.0 by Kalanick " will have to be radically different from version 1.0, which flouted regulations, actively misled public investigators , and disrupted the taxi business to become the world's largest ride-hailing company.
In her essay, Fowler wrote that she was propositioned by her manager on her first day with an engineering team. She reported him to human resources, but was told he would get a lecture and no further punishment because he was a "high performer," she wrote.
Fowler did not respond to emailed requests for comment. But on Twitter , she called Tuesday's moves "all optics" and wrote that she has gotten nothing but "aggressive hostility" from the company.
THE RECOMMENDATIONS
After interviewing 200 witnesses, Holder had to make such basic recommendations as setting clear policies to protect workers from harassment, and that the human resources department get a better handle on keeping records and tracking employee complaints.
The recommendations "definitely paint a picture of a company that was out of control and pretty chaotic," said Ames, the Borg Institute executive.
Holder also suggested that Uber change its written cultural values to promote positive behavior, inclusion and collaboration. That means doing away with values that justified poor behavior, such as "Let Builders Build," ''Always Be Hustlin'," ''Meritocracy and Toe-Stepping" and "Principled Confrontation."
Holder also called for trimming Kalanick's job duties, shifting day-to-day functions to a yet-to-be-hired chief operating officer. During Kalanick's leave, his leadership team will run the troubled company.
Kalanick wrote that he needs time off to grieve for his mother, who died in a May boating accident. He also said he's responsible for the company's situation and needs to become a better leader.
THEORY AND PRACTICE
Uber's board said it would review Kalanick's responsibilities and reassign some to others.
Ames said the recommendations were strong but indicated Uber had few policies, and the ones it had were not followed.
The board unanimously approved the recommendations on Sunday, including a suggestion that a senior executive be tasked with making sure they are implemented. Apparently because of distrust of some leaders, Holder recommended that care be taken to make sure the executive "is viewed positively by the employees."
The company released only Holder's recommendations, not his full report, citing the need to protect employees who complained.
Liane Hornsey, Uber's chief human resources officer who started in January, said implementing the recommendations "will improve our culture, promote fairness and accountability, and establish processes and systems to ensure the mistakes of the past will not be repeated."
Holder also recommended adding independent directors and replacing the board chairman, co-founder Garrett Camp, with an independent person. The board currently has eight voting members, three from within the company.
Uber was also advised to make sure its workforce is more diverse. The company's diversity figures are similar to the rest of Silicon Valley, with low numbers for women and underrepresented minorities. In the U.S., less than a third of the company's workers are female.
In addition, the report says that diversity and inclusiveness should be a key value for Uber that's included in management training.
After Fowler posted her essay, Uber Technologies Inc. made changes in human resources and opened a 24-hour hotline for employees. Last week, the company fired 20 people, including some managers, at the recommendation of Perkins Coie, which separately investigated 215 employee complaints.
FLYING HIGH?
Under Kalanick, Uber has disrupted the taxi industry in hundreds of cities and turned the San Francisco-based company into the world's most valuable startup. As of late last year, Uber's private-market valuation had climbed to nearly $70 billion.
Besides the sexual harassment complaints, in recent months Uber has been threatened by boycotts, sued and subject to a federal investigation over its use of a fake version of its app to thwart authorities looking into whether it is breaking local laws.
A company can be aggressive yet have strong values, said Joseph Holt, a business ethics professor at the University of Notre Dame. He cited Starbucks as an example.
"Having a good reputation for ethics is a competitive advantage," Holt said.
A culture change at Uber may be more difficult than Holder envisions.
At an employee meeting Tuesday morning, Bonderman remarked that if a woman was added to the board that there likely would be more talking, according to a recording obtained by Yahoo.
By evening, Bonderman resigned and put out a statement saying the comment was careless and inappropriate. "I do not want my comments to create distraction as Uber works to build a culture of which we can be proud," the statement said.
___
Krisher and Auto Writer Dee-Ann Durbin contributed from Detroit.
The Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this Global Market Share, Size, and Trends.
Bottled water, often called as packaged drinking water comes in various forms including distilled, mineral and other such forms. Bottled water comes in both options of carbonated or non-carbonated and hence it is obligatory to quality test using testing equipment's, in order to fulfill regulatory requirements and check for safety against any harmful diseases. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates bottled water as a packaged food under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and has established standards of identity and quality for bottled water. FDA has also established good manufacturing practice requirements for processing and bottling drinking water. The report gives an overview of key market forces propelling and restraining market growth. Additionally, helps to identify and analyses the emerging trends along with major drivers, challenges, and opportunities in the global bottled water testing equipment market.
The global bottled water testing equipment's market has gained remarkable growth owing to increasing investments from companies intended for bottled water testing equipment research. Technological advancements in testing equipment is another factor augmenting the demand for bottled water testing equipment market. In the future, the bottled water testing equipment market growth is predicted to boost due to increased testing laboratories' demand for after-sales service to enhance operational efficiency. However, the high cost of bottled water testing equipment is hindering the market growth.
Download a Free Sample PDF of the report at Click Here
The report analyses the bottled water testing equipment market based on component, test type, technology, and geography. Based on the component, the market is segmented into instruments, consumables & reagents and reference materials. The bottled water testing components are used for testing the quality and edibility of the bottled water. Based on test type, this market is segmented by microbiological, physical, chemical and radiological. Amongst all test type, the chemical water testing equipment's are projected to grow at high pace, as they are used on different chemicals like pharmaceutical residues, pesticide pollutants, and toxic by-products. Based on technology, the global bottled water testing equipment's market is segmented into traditional and rapid technologies. Moreover, the rapid technology is further categorized into chromatography, spectroscopy, testing kits and other technologies.
Scope & Analysis of the Report Based on Geography:
The global market is studied for key regions such as, North America which includes U.S., Canada and Mexico, Europe which includes Germany, France, U.K., Italy, Rest of Europe, Asia Pacific which includes China, Japan, India, South Korea, Rest of Asia Pacific and Rest of the world which includes Latin America and Middle East and Africa.
Global Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Is Led By Key Companies:
Some of the key participants in the bottled water testing equipment market are Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Agilent Technologies, Inc., Waters Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., Perkinelmer, Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Restek, Accepta and Lamotte Company.
Have Any Query? About Bottled Water Testing Equipment Market Report at speak-to-analyst?
Key Questions Answered in Report: –
• What is the Future Scope of global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market up to 2024
• What are the challenges to market growth?
• Who are the key vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
• What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2024?
• What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Bottled Water Testing Equipment market?
MIAMI-DADE, Fla. - Carnell Williams-Thomas was a smiley 2-year-old boy who was loved. When police officers arrived at the Arthur Mays Villas in Miami-Dade's Goulds neighborhood, Dorothy Williams was hugging Carnell. He was dead.
A stray bullet took him days before Christmas. It was a Friday at 6 p.m. He had been playing with a new scooter at the court yard of the public housing complex at 21491 SW 114 Ct. Miami-Dade detectives are still investigating the case.
More Shooting Headlines
Dorothy Williams' heart is broken. In tears, she made yet another public plea on Friday for the killer to confess. She wants closure.
"Please just turn yourself in," Williams said in tears.
Her neighbors, family and friends gathered to support her and honor his memory with candles and a release of white balloons. There is a $37,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest.
"All he wanted was to play with his scooter," Williams said.
Miami-Dade detectives were asking anyone with information about the shooting to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-8477.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Archaeologists in Egypt say they have discovered a 4,400-year-old tomb near the pyramids outside Cairo.
Egypt's Antiquities Ministry announced the discovery on Saturday and said the tomb is likely to have belonged to a high-ranking female official known as Hetpet, who lived during the 5th Dynasty of ancient Egypt.
The tomb includes wall paintings depicting Hetpet observing different hunting and fishing scenes.
Mostafa Al-Waziri, leader of the archaeological mission, says the scenes depict a monkey – some were commonly kept at the time as domestic animals – reaping fruit, and another monkey dancing before an orchestra.
He believes Hetpet, who is thought to have been close to ancient Egyptian royals, had another tomb in Giza's western necropolis, which is home to the tombs of top officials of Egypt's Old Kingdom.
Mr Al-Waziri says excavation work is under way for the other tomb. – Associated Press
Authorities say the brother of the teen charged with killing 17 people at a Florida school has been arrested for trespassing at the same school.
A Broward Sheriff's Office report says 18-year-old Zachary Cruz was arrested today at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School and charged with trespassing.
The report says the teen was found riding his skateboard at the school though he had received prior warnings from school officials to stay away from the campus.
The report adds that Zachary Cruz told the arresting deputy that he was there to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in."
Advertisement
His 19-year-old brother, Nikolas Cruz, faces 17 first-degree murder charges in connection with the February 14 shooting.
Jail records didn't immediately list a lawyer for Zachary Cruz.
-AP
The house(s). Paul J. Richards/Getty Images
The guy has so many houses he could have his own season of MTV Cribs.
The 27,000-square-foot estate that Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is renovating in Washington, D.C., is just one of several colossal properties he owns around the country: two Beverly Hills, California, houses, whose total purchase value adds up to more than $37 million; hundreds of thousands of acres in West Texas, where Bezos' space tourism company, Blue Origin, is based; four apartments in a building on Central Park West in New York; and several homes in the suburbs of Seattle, not far from Bill Gates.
But according to a gossipy feature in the May issue of Washingtonian, it's in the salons and private restaurant rooms of high Washington that Bezos has found his scene. “That's definitely a different Bezos from what we saw here,” Leslie Helm, editor of Seattle Business magazine, told the magazine of Bezos' low-key life in Amazon's home city. “I suspect you see more of him in DC than we see of him here.”
Which goes some way toward explaining his purchase, in October 2016, of two adjacent Georgian mansions in the Kalorama neighborhood, which is also home to the Obamas and Javanka. Together, the houses include 11 bedrooms and three kitchens—perfect for America's richest man, who loves making breakfast. The two houses have enough doors for the Amazon CEO to use a new door every 48 hours all year long; they have enough toilets to deliver a package in a different bathroom nearly every day of the month.
To restore the interiors to early 20th-century domestic glory, Bezos hired the architecture firm Barnes Vanze. Washingtonian got the renovation blueprints through Freedom of Information Act request.
They reveal the billionaire's plans to use the larger of the two mansions, which features a two-level ballroom, as a party house, complete with staff bedrooms, offices, bathrooms with stalls, and easy access to a sumptuous back garden. The details are historically informed and not particularly interesting; wood, limestone, glass, and wrought iron will make the place shine like it's 1914 again.
The architecture may be more interesting from another angle. As Richard Florida observed in September, CEO residence is a major indicator of corporate relocations. That the Kalorama mansion is turning into the most opulent of Bezos' second homes might be a clue that Amazon's second headquarters is heading for the Beltway.
And while the Pope and Wood houses (named for their architects, John Russell Pope of Jefferson Memorial fame and Waddy Wood, who designed the nearby Woodrow Wilson house) were most recently the Textile Museum, the Bezos complex epitomizes a hot trend in historic urban neighborhoods: the consolidation of separate apartments and homes into ever-larger mansions whose size is sometimes obscured by obsolete or misleading architectural signaling. Just because there's a little gap between the mansions doesn't mean they don't belong to the same family; they do. It's just that one is for parties.
At last AIMExpo, Polisport and Preston Petty Products formally announced the new partnership for the future. The two brands, founded by pioneers of the Off-road business, found common ground to cooperate and bring the Preston Petty Products to the place they deserve in the Off-road Market.
By the end of this year, all the Preston Petty Products will be produced in Polisport's injection facilities in Portugal and distributed through its worldwide network of distributors.
Preston Petty current owner, Paul Stannard, found in Polisport the production quality, attention to detail and the care for the brand needed to bring Preston Petty Products to another level.
For now, the brand's range will comprise two front fenders (MX front fender; Muder Front Fender), two rear fenders (IT Rear Fender; MX rear Fender – this was already developed and produced by Polisport), Number plates and Headlights (halogen and LED units). New products for the growing vintage Off-road market will soon be in the forge.
The goal is clear. Keep the essence and quality Preston is known for and let everyone around the world have access to these fantastic plastics. Most important of all is keeping the plastics as unbreakable as ever and the fenders "guaranteed unbreakable" with a one-year warranty, just like Preston Petty did during his days at the helm of the brand.
Now that Preston Petty Products will be produced and distributed by Polisport, the legend continues…
The Hyundai Ioniq lineup of electrified vehicles is being updated for 2019 with new safety technologies, more voice-recognition features and standard remote charge management for electric and plug-in hybrid models.Models equipped with navigation capabilities will get an enhanced, natural-language, server-based voice-recognition with a new point-of-interest search database that can suss out locations of charging stations. Driver attention alert and high-beam assist are new available features, along with automatic emergency braking with pedestrian detection, which is standard for the SEL trim along with lane-keep assist and adaptive cruise control.Hyundai says it's working with ChargePoint , which operates more than 32,000 electric-vehicle charging stations, to provide Ioniq owners with access cards and the ability to locate charging stations through the MyHyundai/Blue Link mobile app. Ioniq Electric and PHEV models come with Blue Link-, Google- or Alexa-enabled capability to manage and monitor charging schedules remotely to help take advantage of lower electricity prices during off-peak hours.Hyundai sells the Ioniq in Hybrid Electric and Plug-In Hybrid variants. The Hybrid boasts an estimated 58 mpg rating from its 1.6-liter direct-injected engine, 32-kilowatt electric motor and 1.56 kWh lithium-ion polymer battery. The Electric boasts a 136 MPGe rating and 124-mile driving range from its 28.0 kWh lithium-ion polymer battery, while the Plug-In Hybrid uses a 1.6-liter direct-injected Atkinson-cycle four-cylinder mated to a six-speed dual-clutch transmission, a 44.5 kW electric motor and 8.9 kWh battery to offer 29 miles in electric-only driving range.Hyundai sold 11,197 Ioniq models in 2017, though it didn't start selling the sedans until late in the first quarter . The 2019 models arrive in dealerships this summer, though pricing hasn't yet been announced.
Supporters of Hospice of Santa Barbara gathered at one of the oldest vineyards in the Santa Ynez Valley last Saturday afternoon for the first-ever Harvest for Hospice fundraiser at The Brander Vineyard in Los Olivos.
A cultivation of hope and a celebration of life and remembrance for loved ones was shared among guests who settled in for a relaxing day of music, world-class wine and flavorful Italian cuisine in a shaded courtyard adjacent to the wine-tasting room.
“We call this Harvest for Hospice, but it's really a harvest of healing and hope because so much of what we do is to go deep into people's lives when they are facing a life-threatening illness and loss,” said Steve Jacobsen, executive director Hospice of Santa Barbara. “We walk with them until they heal, and this kind of event makes what we do possible.”
The warm midday sun stretched across the vine-covered walls of an enclosed square with four shade trees and decorative tables laden with fresh sunflowers and tablecloths in autumn colors.
An intoxicating scent of garlic and spices teased the air and was accompanied by the romantic sounds of solo classic guitarist Anthony Ybarra, whose blend of Latin, flamenco and classical jazz tunes set a harmonious and intimate tone for the 50-plus attendees who sampled award-winning wines from The Brander Vineyard and a gourmet buffet from Ca'Dario.
Doug Cristallo MacMillan, who is recognized for his award-winning cioppino as executive chef and owner of Rosa's Italian Restaurant in Pismo Beach, also delighted the crowd with a cooking demonstration and exclusive preview for the popular Bouillabaisse Festival that will return in May 2012 after a short hiatus in support Hospice of Santa Barbara.
MacMillan explained that cioppino is a tomato-based seafood stew evolved from Portuguese and Italian immigrant fishermen who after a long day of fishing would join together and share the catch of different seafood in one pot.
“Anytime we can support hospice in any county, we do,” MacMillan said. “And those who is a can should, because without hospice where would we be?”
Established in 1974 by Alice Heath and the Altrusa Club with local citizens, the bereavement organization partnered with the Santa Barbara Visiting Nurse Association in 1990 to provide hospice services for the community.
Hospice of Santa Barbara is a volunteer organization that specializes in providing spiritual, social and emotional needs for the terminally ill while supporting children and families with grief counseling, trained volunteers, support groups and a wide array of community education programs.
All services are free of charge, and Hospice of Santa Barbara works closely with home health agencies, certified hospice programs and private agencies to meet the nursing needs of patients serving 420 people monthly, and 100 of them are children throughout the community.
One of the many highlights of the afternoon was the much-anticipated stomping of the grapes, a tradition of winemaking that spans back as far as Rome 200 B.C.
The festive crowd gathered around a tin drum filled with sauvignon blanc grapes, and cheers erupted when participants slipped off shoes, washed feet and climbed into the container smiling broadly as the berries slipped between their toes and meshed with the tender white grapes.
Ensuring that nothing goes to waste, the extracted juice was used to make Brander margaritas for the guests.
Later, some visitors strolled across the beautifully landscaped grounds, soaking in the 40-acre vineyard vista views while others remained in the square reviewing silent auctions items on display, including original oil paintings donated by local artists, such as Paul Roux, Joyce Wilson and Michele Zuzalek, plus a Winemaker Dinner Package for eight with celebrity chef Michelle Karam.
Jacobsen declared the afternoon a success with an estimated $9,000 raised for Hospice of Santa Barbara and was pleased with the turnout of supporters who made the drive out to the valley.
“People are having a lovely time, and at the same time helping us do our work,” he said.
For more information about Hospice of Santa Barbara, click here or call 805.563.8820.
Hospice of Santa Barbara would like to thank the following sponsors for their generosity: Sagewood Systems, NS Ceramic Inc., Jacqueline Otto Marston, Gary Simpson and Santa Barbara Home Improvement Center, Mission Wealth Management LLC and The Brander Vineyard.
— Noozhawk iSociety columnist Melissa Walker can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkSociety, @NoozhawkNews, and @NoozhawkBiz. Become a fan of Noozhawk on Facebook.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Xi Jinping laid out his grand vision for China's future
Chinese President Xi Jinping has told the National People's Congress (NPC) that China must not become complacent about its development.
Speaking at the closing session of the annual parliament, Mr Xi said China was a critical stage in its history and only socialism could save it.
The NPC is a significant annual marker on China's political stage.
This year, the meeting was marked by lifting the term limit of the presidency.
The change means Mr Xi can effectively remain China's president for life.
The parliamentary session meets once a year and usually only rubberstamps changes previously decided by the leadership.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The president urged lawmakers to rule in the interest of the people
In his speech, Mr Xi laid out his grand vision for China, reconfirming his ambition to "rejuvenate" the country and continue China's "great contributions to civilisation".
"History has already proven and will continue to prove that only socialism can save China," he said.
He said he saw the people as "the real heroes" of China and that he and all fellow politicians "must work hard for the people's interests".
Mr Xi also stressed the need for a country to be united in order to prosper and, in a reference to Taiwan, said Beijing would thwart any separatist attempts.
"The Chinese people share a common belief that it is never allowed and it is absolutely impossible to separate any inch of our great country's territory from China."
Self-ruling Taiwan is considered by Beijing to be a separatist Chinese province which will one day be reunited with the mainland.
This year's NPC saw the already powerful president moving into an even stronger position.
It confirmed Xi Jinping's second term as president and ratified the inclusion of his political philosophy - "Xi Jinping Thought" - in to the constitution.
Lawmakers ratified a law to set up a new powerful anti-corruption agency and appointed key positions including the central bank head and chief economic advisor.
The NPC followed a once-in-five-years Communist Party Congress in October, which saw an unprecedented cementing of power for President Xi, elevating him the same level as Mao Zedong.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
By Hayden Wright
When the Rolling Stones were humble upstarts bumming around London, they achieved fame thanks to appearances on BBC programs like Saturday Club, Top Gear, Rhythm and Blues and The Joe Loss Pop Show. Those early performances contained songs that were never recorded or released commercially, but helped build a following that exploded by the mid-60s. The Stones will immortalize those formative years on a new compilation titled On Air, featuring never-before-heard songs and some Rolling Stones classics.
Related: The Rolling Stones Debut Psychedelic Lyric Video for ‘She's a Rainbow'
The songs have been remastered by a special process called “audio source separation.” This means the radio audio has been de-mixed and each element isolated, so that each one can be “rebuilt, rebalanced and remixed to achieve a fuller, more substantial sound.”
The deluxe edition of On Air features 32 tracks in total, from ” (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction” to “The Spider and the Fly” and three Chuck Barry covers. Even die-hard Rolling Stones fans may not recognize some song titles from the full track list, since they've all but disappeared from the band's catalog until now.
As part of the announcement, the Stones have released “Come On” from a 1963 appearance on the Saturday Club broadcast. Check it out below.
1. Come On, Saturday Club, 1963
2. (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction , Saturday Club, 1965
3. Roll Over Beethoven, Saturday Club, 1963
4. The Spider And The Fly, Yeah Yeah, 1965
5. Cops And Robbers, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
6. It's All Over Now, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
7. Route 66, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
8. Memphis, Tennessee, Saturday Club, 1963
9. Down The Road Apiece, Top Gear, 1965
10. The Last Time, Top Gear, 1965
11. Cry To Me, Saturday Club, 1965
12. Mercy, Mercy, Yeah Yeah, 1965
13. Oh! Baby (We Got A Good Thing Goin'), Saturday Club, 1965
14. Around And Around, Top Gear, 1964
15. Hi Heel Sneakers, Saturday Club, 1964
16. Fannie Mae, Saturday Club, 1965
17. You Better Move On, Blues in Rhythm, 1964
18. Mona, Blues In Rhythm, 1964
Bonus Tracks (Deluxe)
19. I Wanna Be Your Man, Saturday Club, 1964
20. Carol, Saturday Club, 1964
21. I'm moving On, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
22. If You Need Me, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
23. Walking The Dog, Saturday Club, 1964
24. Confessin' The Blues, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
25. Everybody Needs Somebody To Love, Top Gear, 1965
26. Little By Little, The Joe Loss Pop Show, 1964
27. Ain't That Loving You Baby, Rhythm And Blues, 1964
28. Beautiful Delilah, Saturday Club, 1964
29. Crackin' Up, Top Gear, 1964
30. I Can't Be Satisfied, Top Gear, 1964
31. I Just Want to Make Love To You, Saturday Club, 1964
32. 2120 South Michigan Avenue, Rhythm and Blues, 1964
You probably read our first-drive review of the Chevy Corvette ZR1. (But ICYMI, check it out .) But there was a pretty astonishing video at the bottom of the post that you might have overlooked.In our review, one thing's for sure, we did not drive the ZR1 at 212 mph. But Chevy did, in two flying-mile test runs at the Papenburg test track in Germany, an outing that set a track record. The video is above, and like last week's video of the Porsche GT3 RS sub-7-minute lap of the Nürburgring , it's well worth your time. (And it won't take much of your time, as the Corvette video is a mere, action-packed 3:14.)The ZR1 hit 214.88 mph in its first, downwind run — the car's limiter is set to 215. It hit 210.20 mph in the second run into the wind, and the two are averaged at 212. At those speeds, the ZR1 is not only this year's Indy 500 pace car , it could practically compete.The best part of the video, apart from the sound, is the grit-in-your-teeth camera angle that's seemingly at road level, which makes the action seem that much faster.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. human rights chief says North Korea's leadership has cracked down on human rights by further restricting movements and making "horrific" prison conditions more severe amid tensions over its nuclear and missile tests.
Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein told the Security Council Monday that a chronic lack of food, partly due to resources which are diverted to the military, has made humanitarian aid provided by the U.N. and others "literally a lifeline for some 13 million acutely vulnerable individuals."
He urged the council to assess the human rights impact of sanctions that have slowed aid deliveries and minimize the humanitarian consequences.
Zeid also criticized China for returning North Koreans who escape from their country, saying they "are routinely subjected to multiple forms of torture and ill-treatment."
Astrology has emerged as a branch of science, which deals with the study of planets and calculating their impacts on our lives so that any kinds of faults can be rectified through it. However, there are two schools of thoughts on the subject as some moves forward towards the humanistic or psychological astrology, while others move towards the traditional form of the same. In fact, there are some best or famous astrologers in Kolkata or Durgapur, West Bengal who believes that the modern astrology has just evolved with some new sets of calculations which includes taking the best parts from the traditional ones like the famous technique of “Tantra Shastra” which is practised widely in various parts of Kolkata, Durgapur and many other parts of West Bengal.
Moreover, there are some famous modern-day astrologers in Kolkata, Durgapur and throughout the entire West Bengal like “Indraraj Priyam” who believes that the subject of astrology is continuously evolving and providing new ways to solve our problems, and thus making our lives more beautiful by bringing peace and harmony. According to the theory of modern day astrology, the process of providing the clients with some famous or precious stones has proven to be halfway true, thus making problems for many famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur. In modern-day astrology, it is believed that we only power positive planets through stones, and if a planet is bringing negative impact on our lives, then we neutralize that through “Yogyas” which can only be performed by some famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur like “Indraraj Priyam”.
Every year “Indraraj Priyam” visits some famous places like Kamakhya and Tarapith with his team of some of the best astrology professionals in Kolkata and Durgapur for performing “Yogyas” to relieve the client's from their negative planets and making their lives more beautiful. His efforts have proven to be 100% effective for his clients and as a result, he is achieving almost 100% client retention rates. He is a man who has that ability to produce some detailed insights into your lives, through your birth date and time, and also has that special ability to help you attain complete control over your circumstances. It is through his genuine knowledge in the field of astrology and his proven solutions to his client's, that many people consider him as one of the best and famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur. Some of the best astrological services provided by him are given below:
1) Astrology:
2) Numerology
3) Palmistry
4) Tarot card Reading
5) Graphology
6) Vastu Shastra
7) Cognitive Therapy
About Indraraj Priyam:
Shri Indraraj Priyam is one of the best and famous astrologers in Kolkata and Durgapur, providing his astrology related services on almost every part of West Bengal and recently entering the markets of Delhi and Mumbai to help peoples get relieved from their problems. He is a member of the American Federation of Astrologers and British Association of Vedic Astrology and has been providing his effective consultations to his clients across West Bengal for more than 15 years as of now.
For more information about Indraraj Priyam, please visit his official website page: https://www.indrarajpriyam.com/about-us.html
Address:
61/A, Kali Temple Road, Kalighat, Chamber Disha, 1st floor, Kolkata, West Bengal
————————————————————————————————————————–
Jyotish Bhavan – C21 Gitanjali Park, Bengal Ambuja City Center, Durgapur – 713216
Phone No: 8697682531 / 9831399009
E-Mail: consultindrarajpriyam@gmail.com
Website: https://www.indrarajpriyam.com
After Harvey, Houston Leaders Look to Rebuild Around Transit
It's been about three months since the deluge of Hurricane Harvey inflicted an estimated $200 billion in damage on the Houston region. The recovery is just beginning.
Billions in federal support will be flowing into the city. Texas Governor Greg Abbott recently requested $61 billion in relief in addition to what's expected to come from FEMA and HUD, reports Rice University's Raj Mankad at OffCite. About a third of that $61 billion would be spent on housing.
The recovery effort should help ensure that Houston will be better prepared to deal with future extreme weather events, says Mankad, and that includes directing housing resources toward transit-accessible locations:
“The post-Harvey disaster recovery could be a huge turning point that sets a positive course for the city,” says Tom McCasland, Director of the City of Houston's Housing and Community Development Department. “The city can encourage multi-family housing where there is good transit, with service that is every 15 minutes during peak hours, and that is 100 percent affordable or has a mix [of affordable, workforce, and market-rate housing].” McCasland's emphasis on equitable transit-oriented development, or eTOD for policy geeks, would bring Houston in line with a national push for community development that considers housing and transportation costs together when measuring affordability. Houstonians on average spend 45 percent of our income on housing and transportation together according to a Center for Neighborhood Technology report. Houston could achieve a more affordable future by lining up housing investments and METRO's current services, and its capital planning. An estimated 300,000 cars flooded during Harvey. For many, the disaster is not being able to get to work. So eTOD would address poverty, mobility, air pollution, housing costs, and flood resilience.
There's a precedent in Houston for this approach. Hurricane Ike in 2008 led to some transit-oriented housing projects, like the Village at Palm Center (under construction in top photo). But housing like that was too slow to come online, says Mankad.
This time Houston will have to figure out how to provide walkable, affordable housing faster, and to do so without causing displacement. It won't be easy, but Mankad says there's “a window for a massive investment in equitable transit-oriented development, and it won't be open long.”
More recommended reading today: The Reno Rambler says the auto industry's holiday ads have a whiff of desperation. And the Omaha Herald reports local leaders are looking at Cincinnati's streetcar troubles as a cautionary tale.
The twin brothers dubbed the world's first "bitcoin billionaires" have predicted the controversial digital currency could increase in value by another 20 times from today's levels.
Speaking to Fox Business following the launch of the first bitcoin futures product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) on Sunday night, Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss challenged the naysayers to "put their money where their mouth is".
"We think bitcoin is gold 2.0," Cameron said. "It's a store of value, so today it's about a US$300 billion market cap, gold is at US$6 trillion, so we think it could very well go up another 20 times from today.
"We've been saying this since when bitcoin was a billion-dollar market cap. We've been in bitcoin about five years, it's grown about 300 times to this point, so we think it's definitely realistic that it could grow and disrupt gold and maybe even beyond that."
Advertisement
The Winklevoss twins are the founders of the Gemini Exchange — which the CBOE has partnered with for its futures product — and long-term bitcoin investors. In 2013, they bought US$11 million worth, accounting for around 1 per cent of total circulation at the time.
The pair first heard about bitcoin while on holidays.
"We were in Europe, we actually were on vacation, we had to get money to our accommodation, and it was so hard to get money from the US to Europe," Tyler said.
"The joke is if you want to get money from New York to London on a Friday night, go to JFK, jump on a plane with a bag of cash and you'll get there quicker than when you actually wire. This is the first money that's built for the internet."
They wouldn't comment on how much they still own, but said they had only ever sold or spent bitcoin twice in the past.
"I think Cameron bought some Legos, and we bought tickets to Virgin Galactic Space," Tyler said.
"Unfortunately we really overpaid, because bitcoin went up about 20 or 30 times. So we learned our lesson — we don't spend our bitcoin, we're long-term holders. We think it's a store of value much more than it is a currency."
You're on this mania curve. At some point in time there's got to be a levelling off SHARE THIS QUOTE:
Bitcoin has increased in value by more than 1500 per cent this year to reach a market capitalisation of more than US$280 billion, in what UBS describes as the "bubble to end all bubbles".
The launch of bitcoin futures, which allow investors to bet on the rise or fall of the currency, was widely seen as a success despite many major banks keeping their distance and the CBOE twice being forced to suspend trading due to major price swings.
"Whether it's a fraud, whether it's a bubble, whether it's legitimate, you will be able to express all of those thoughts in a transparent marketplace," CBOE chief executive Ed Tilly told Agence France-Presse.
After a wild weekend which saw massive sell-offs tank the price by more than 23 per cent, bitcoin rallied to a fresh record high of US$17,370 late on Monday, according to research site CoinDesk. Today it is trading for US$16,535.
Speaking on Fox Business, Tyler hit out at high-profile bitcoin detractors like JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon, who has described it as a "fraud".
"This contract actually allows you to short bitcoin," he said.
"Talk is cheap. Now people can put their money with their mouth is, whether that's Jamie Dimon or someone else, they can be transparent about how much they're personally betting against bitcoin.
"This is the first bitcoin futures contract in the world, so we really have a truly two-sided market for the first time ever. It's going to increase liquidity, it's going to reduce volatility long-term and we think overall it's going to increase price discovery and transparency dramatically."
The cryptocurrency bitcoin is trading for US$16,535. Picture / 123RF
It came amid fresh warnings from regulators and experts about bitcoin "mania", with US securities regulator Joseph Borg telling CNBC on Monday some people were even borrowing money to invest in the cryptocurrency.
"We've seen mortgages being taken out to buy bitcoin," he said. "People do credit cards, equity lines. This is not something a guy who's making US$100,000 a year, who's got a mortgage and two kids in college ought to be invested in.
"You're on this mania curve. At some point in time there's got to be a levelling off. Cryptocurrency is here to stay. Blockchain is here to stay. Whether it is bitcoin or not, I don't know."
Shane Chanel, equities and derivatives adviser at ASR Wealth, said historically, when these sorts of things started to happen, it indicated a correction was near.
"A correction is inevitable like we saw during the 2000 tech bubble," he said in a note on Tuesday. "For example, we saw Amazon shares halve in value when the correction occurred. However, since then Amazon's shares are up over 7500 per cent."
Meanwhile, the US Securities and Exchange Commission has also warned investors against bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, particularly those offered to investors under controversial initial coin offerings (ICOs).
ICOs are typically used by start-ups as a means of crowdfuding by offering newly issued cryptocurrency in exchange for cash or established currencies like bitcoin or ethereum.
"The world's social media platforms and financial markets are abuzz about cryptocurrencies and 'initial coin offerings'," SEC Chairman Jay Clayton said in a statement. "There are tales of fortunes made and dreamed to be made. We are hearing the familiar refrain, 'this time is different'."
WEST CHESTER, OH--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - AK Steel ( NYSE : AKS) said today that Roger K. Newport, AK Steel Chief Executive Officer, was named 2017 Steelmaker of the Year by the Association for Iron & Steel Technology (AIST). The award is presented annually to recognize notable leaders for their impact on the steel industry.
AIST said that Mr. Newport is being recognized for his strategic and dynamic leadership at AK Steel, engaging and empowering employees to drive innovation, quality, safety, environmental stewardship, and productivity. AIST also noted that he is a leader in the industry, fighting for steel manufacturing in America, and serves as a voice for support and change in the domestic and global steel industry.
"I am humbled by this honor from AIST," said Mr. Newport. "With more than 30 years in the steel industry at AK Steel, I'm proud to accept this recognition not only for my efforts, but on behalf of all employees at our company who drive innovation in steel products and processes to surpass our customers' needs today and for the future."
The award will be presented May 9, 2017 at AISTech 2017, the Iron & Steel Technology Conference and Exposition and world's largest annual gathering of steel industry personnel. AIST is an international technical association of more than 17,500 professional and student members, representing iron and steel producers, their allied suppliers and related academia. The association is dedicated to advancing the technical development, production, processing and application of iron and steel.
AK Steel
AK Steel is a leading producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steel products, and carbon and stainless tubular products, primarily for automotive, infrastructure and manufacturing, electrical power generation and distribution markets. Headquartered in West Chester, Ohio (Greater Cincinnati), the company employs approximately 8,500 men and women at eight steel plants, two coke plants and two tube manufacturing plants across six states (Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia) and one tube plant in Mexico. Additional information about AK Steel is available at www.aksteel.com.
New Zealand and its desirable position as a Pacific Island nation leaves it vulnerable to be infiltrated by countries like Russia and China, a report has revealed.
The report detailed highlights from a Academic Outreach Workshop published by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS).
But Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said the report wasn't the view of the CSIS and she took her "steer on these matters from official channels, not opinions expressed at a workshop".
The report is titled "China and the Age of Strategic Rivalry" and explores the various ways China is trying to infiltrate nations of the Five Eyes international security and intelligence network.
Advertisement
"Small states such as New Zealand are very vulnerable to foreign interference: the media has limited resources and lacks competition; the tertiary education sector is small and, despite the laws on academic freedom, easily intimidated or co-opted."
"New Zealand is valuable to China, as well as to other states such as Russia, as a soft underbelly through which to access Five Eyes intelligence."
New Zealand provided a "vivid" case study of China's willingness to use economic ties to interfere with the political life of a partner country, the report said.
"An aggressive strategy has sought to influence political decision-making, pursue unfair advantages in trade and business, suppress criticism of China, facilitate espionage opportunities, and influence overseas Chinese communities."
New Zealand was of interest to China because of our responsibility for defence and foreign affairs for not just our country but also The Cook Island, Niue and Tokelau.
It also outlines New Zealand proximity to Antarctica, the fact New Zealand supplies 24 per cent of China's milk, and unexplored gas and oil resources.
"For a small state like New Zealand, which is a former colony of one great power and has been under the shelter of another for more than sixty years, it can often be a challenge
as to how to defend the country against foreign political interference.
"It takes the political will of the government of the day and popular support to do so. If New Zealand can find a way to better manage its economic and political relationship with the PRC, it could become a model to other Western states."
Ardern said New Zealand relationship with Canada was "very strong", especially with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
"I have had no indication that our Five Eyes membership is under question, from Canada or any other of our partners, nor have I heard that it has been raised with any of my colleagues."
Ardern stressed the report was views "expressed during, and short papers contributed by speakers at, a workshop organised by the Canadian Security Intelligence Service as part of its academic outreach program".
"Offered as a means to support ongoing discussion, the report does not constitute an analytical document, nor does it represent any formal position of the organisations involved."
When asked what specifically was being done to review the country's safeguards she said the Government made "independent decisions based on evidence and the best option for New Zealand".
"For example, there is a national security test in our law governing space and high altitude activities.
"Parliament has regulated for national interests in the telecommunications area [TICSA]. We have strong provisions to counter money laundering and the financing of terrorism."
LONDON (AP) — Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and his American fiancee "have taken a great deal of interest and care" in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says he was "bowled over" when Markle called to ask him to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
Advertisement
___
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
It's official, Wellington homes are too cold.
University of Otago researchers based in the capital have looked at 49 homes in Wellington City Council housing and confirmed they are too cold to be healthy.
The research was done before council began carrying out a 20-year programme to upgrade its social housing, with one of the aims being to make housing warmer and drier.
"Before the upgrade, housing was colder and more humid than is recommended for tenants' health," says PhD candidate Lara Rangiwhetu.
Advertisement
Now, researchers are calling for standards to bring all New Zealand housing up to the World Health Organization (WHO) minimum standard, which recommends indoor temperature of 18C.
The study, led by Rangiwhetu, found the temperature in the monitored houses were lower than 16C two thirds of the time. This is the temperature at which resistance to respiratory disease is diminished.
For 9 per cent of the time, dwelling temperatures were below 12C. When temperatures get to this level, they are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Lara Rangiwhetu says two thirds of the time, the monitored houses were below 16C. Photo / Supplied
An average mean indoor living room temperature of 14.9C also appears to be colder than found in the latest national studies, with average living room temperatures for the Southern North Island recorded as 16.1C in the 1999, 2002-2004 Household Energy End-Use Project, and 16.6C in the 1971/72 Household Electricity Survey.
"This means that for a lot of the time these council houses were uncomfortably and unhealthily cold," Rangiwhetu said.
"Unfortunately, we know this is not uncommon for New Zealand housing. But what is positive is that Wellington City Council has been investing in their housing."
As part of their advocacy for healthier homes, the researchers are supportive of a number of concerted measures that council and the central Government are carrying out, including free home energy assessments for Wellington ratepayers, a voluntary WOF scheme for Wellington landlords, insulation subsidies and winter energy payments to eligible New Zealanders, and policy changes under the newly passed Healthy Homes Guarantee Act.
Other temperate countries, such as the United Kingdom, have seen a documented increase in indoor temperature, with average temperatures above the recommended minimum, so there is no reason for New Zealand not to be also achieving these temperatures in homes, Rangiwhetu said.
Councillor Brian Dawson said council had already upgraded about half its properties and wants to invest more in social housing in the coming years.
The study has been published in the journal Policy Quarterly.
Ramadan 2017 - Everything you need to know
New NEXT opens in Birmingham Bullring
The Who announce their 50th anniversary tour
Rated! The best fish & chip shops in Birmingham a
Construction of SW8 at Alton Towers - video from
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Every year, Muslims in Birmingham and around the world mark Ramadan.
But if Islam isn't your religion, or not one you are familiar with, you might wonder what it's all about.
So what exactly is Ramadan and what does it mean?
What is Ramadan?
Ramadan is one of the 12 months in the Islamic calendar. The dates are based on the lunar cycle so they change each year.
Ramadan is the ninth month and the name is said to mean 'burning/scorching heat' in Arabic as it usually falls within a particularly hot time of year in that part of the world.
It was during that month that the Quran or Koran - the holy book of Islam - was first revealed to the prophet Muhammad by Allah (God).
Does anything special happen during Ramadan?
Yes, this is a month of fasting during the daylight hours from dawn to sunset. This was stated as a ruling of Islam in 624 AD.
Fasting is one of the Five Pillars of Islam, the mandatory acts that form the foundation of Muslim life.
The other pillars are faith, prayer, charity and the pilgrimage to Mecca.
Fasting means abstaining from food, drink, smoking, sex, swearing, gossip or other sinful acts, during daylight hours.
Meals are served before dawn and after sunset.
The meal before dawn is called sufur, the one after sunset is known as iftar.
What's the purpose of the fasting?
It allows worshippers to concentrate their minds on devotion to their faith through prayers, expressing gratitude, seeking forgiveness and helping the needy.
The religious texts state: "The month of Ramadan is that in which was revealed the Quran; a guidance for mankind, and clear proofs of the guidance, and the criterion (of right and wrong).
"And whosoever of you is present, let him fast the month, and whosoever of you is sick or on a journey, a number of other days.
"Allah desires for you ease; He desires not hardship for you; and that you should complete the period, and that you should magnify Allah for having guided you, and that perhaps you may be thankful."
Everyone who has gone through puberty is expected to take part in fasting.
There are exceptions such as the elderly, women who are breastfeeding and those with diabetes or other illnesses, disabilities or medical conditions.
In some Muslim countries, it's a crime to fail to observe the fasting.
Being seen eating, drinking or smoking in public may be regarded as a minor offence with a penalty of community service.
And in some cases there are harsh punishments including flogging, fines and jail terms.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County face Cardiff City in their rearranged Sky Bet Championship clash this evening.
The originally scheduled game was postponed following heavy snow in Derby last month.
The Rams are currently in seventh place in the league table, after a run of three consecutive defeats to Wolves, Burton Albion and Middlesbrough.
However, a win against the Bluebirds would see Derby leapfrog Millwall and climb back into the play-off positions.
Tonight's match is a big game for Cardiff as well, and a win over the Rams would see them edge closer to securing a place in the Premier League next season.
Ahead of tonight's match, Cardiff fans have taken to social media to express their thoughts and emotions.
(Image: Getty Images)
@Kevinmcc1932: “Hoping for a Bluebirds victory tonight”.
@geraintwill: “A win versus Derby and we are three points away from Premier League football.”
Josh Wilby: “Massive game tonight! Come on boys, let's get the promotion place”.
@JamieBluebird: "Another cup final this evening. Gotta go at them after they've lost the last three games. There are goals there for us. Got to be clinical. Could be a Premier League club by 5pm Saturday, let's do the job!"
@Jack_Osborne98: "Big game in hand today against Derby. Come on City one last push!!"
Dave Watkins: "Massive game for us tonight. A lot of things have been said off the pitch in the pre-match build up but it's time for the football to do the talking. We are two wins away from the Premier League. We cannot let this opportunity slip. COME ON CITY!!!"
Microfiber Cloths
We are a wholesale manufacturer/distributor of wiping materials such as recycled wiping rags, new wiping rags, microfiber cloths, microfiber mops, and wholesale bath towels for gyms, salons, hotels, and more. We offer free shipping on all orders, as well as bulk discounts. In business for over 100 years in Denver, CO. We are eco friendly and process and recycle over 15 million pounds of textiles per year.
A list of celebrities who own their own restaurants or have bought chains.
15 Celebrities Who Own Restaurants was originally published on 92q.com
Terrifying footage has emerged of an Auckland learner driver turning on to the wrong side of the road and driving directly at oncoming traffic.
Auckland resident Adam Cooke was driving along New North Rd heading into Kingsland last Saturday morning when he saw a car driving on the wrong side of the road coming in the opposite direction.
Initially, Cooke thought the driver would soon correct himself, but as he got closer and closer he realised the driver was not going to stop.
"Initially, I thought they were doing a cheeky dart into a driveway but they just carried on going," Cooke told the Herald.
Advertisement
"The car literally just drifted across the road deliberately aiming for the far left lane, the lane I was in."
The learner driver is seen driving in the far left lane on the opposite side of the road heading towards oncoming traffic. Photo / Adam Cooke
This is the moment a driver on the wrong side of the road came within inches of hitting an oncoming car near Kingsland. Photo / Adam Cooke
The incident was captured on Cooke's dashcam, and after looking back he realised the driver had L-Plates on the back of the car.
Cooke told the Herald he believes the driver didn't look accustomed to New Zealand road laws.
"It was a learner driver. They looked foreign so I'm guessing they were maybe more accustomed to driving on the right.
"To me, it looked like she may have become confused by the four lanes. I didn't turn round and try to flag her down as I had my 2-year-old and my wife in the car with me and to be honest it may have panicked the driver more.
"Couldn't quite believe what we were seeing, so surprised I didn't even honk the horn.
"If they'd been out of control I would have of course taken evasive action but they just slotted into the lane so calmly that we just stared incredulously as they sailed by!"
The incident comes just two weeks after a frustrated Northland truckie captured terrifying footage of repeated near-misses by idiot drivers.
A Northland truck driver has compiled shocking footage of near collisions and dangerous overtaking maneouvres.
In a compilation video posted online, the footage highlights the life-risking decisions road users are making every day to overtake large trucks.
Drivers can be seen coming just inches away from potential death in a series of frightening manoeuvres filmed since 2015.
One driver was lucky to avoid a crash after the driver overtook a truck despite an oncoming car being just metres away. Photo / Facebook
The truckie, who did not want to be named, says his near-miss compilation video is evidence the mentality of New Zealand drivers won't change any time soon and it's putting truck drivers in danger.
He told the Herald he believes the Government's aim to achieve a zero road toll by 2020 is laughable.
"I put the video up because I got frustrated at the Government setting a zero target for road fatalities. How can you possibly have a zero road fatality target when you have drivers doing what's in my video? A target has to be achievable. It's not a target, it's a dream."
Former White Ferns captain Maia Lewis has created history by becoming the first Māori woman to commentate an international cricket test match.
Lewis was one of three women welcomed by seasoned commentators to call the Black Caps v West Indies match in Hamilton.
Lewis (Ngāti Whātua) says, “The whole process was intimidating, [you're] outside your comfort zone.”
“Everyone was going 'oh, it's an old boys club'. [[but] all the guys were supportive.”
It was Lewis' expertise as a former player that ultimately saw her given the nod to call.
“There are very few Māori women that play cricket, and have done in the past, so I'm probably paving the way in that sense,” says Lewis.
“There are women commentators around in New Zealand, not necessarily in cricket. The likes of Melody Robinson- who is a huge mentor of mine.”
Australia's Channel 9 network was recently criticised after they named a commentary team which lacked diversity.
“That's just them being very traditional with the Ashes," says Lewis, "But times have changed, they've got a couple of female commentators, with Mel Jones and Lisa Sthalekar sitting on their doorstep.”
Not only was the match a milestone for Lewis, but history was created when Ross Taylor notched up his 17th century.
“I think it's huge for New Zealand cricket as well as him personally- with his current captain Kane Williamson, and his mentor Martin Crowe who passed away recently - equalling their record.”
After a successful stint, Lewis has secured a spot on the commentary team for the White Ferns international matches starting in March.
In a tumultuous year in politics, it's been easy to overlook important and controversial arguments about Chinese Government influence in this country. A number of stories and reports have been published that require much greater attention, debate and scrutiny.
At one level, media coverage of Chinese Government influence in New Zealand has increased significantly over the last four months. There have been reports about National MP Jian Yang, the Government's increased efforts in diplomacy and trade with China, and the academic research of the University of Canterbury's Prof Anne-Marie Brady. But there are also many who are less comfortable or willing for debate about this issue to occur.
At one level, media coverage of Chinese Government influence in New Zealand has increased significantly over the last four months. There have been reports about National MP Jian Yang, the Government's increased efforts in diplomacy and trade with China, and the academic research of the University of Canterbury's Prof Anne-Marie Brady. But there are also many who are less comfortable or willing for debate about this issue to occur.
China's reported use of "soft power" in New Zealand
It's Anne-Marie Brady's research on how the Chinese Government seeks influence in New Zealand that really provides the most important overview for understanding the topic. She is a world-leading researcher on how the Chinese state seeks to use "soft power" in its international relations.
"Soft power" is a concept used in international relations studies to explain how states and other political actors attempt to assert their power via persuasion, culture and emotion, rather than through coercion or military might ("hard power"). It has connotations of propaganda and more subtle and sophisticated use of relationship building. You can read a good analysis and discussion on Wikipedia of soft power. And it's worth remembering that all countries use this technique to further their interests, including New Zealand.
Brady has carried out extensive study of how soft power techniques are being used by the Chinese state in countries like New Zealand. And in September she published an important and widely cited paper on her findings – see: Magic Weapons: China's political influence activities under Xi Jinping.
Advertisement
Brady explains how the Chinese State – which is controlled by the Chinese Communist Party – uses the "United Front" technique to spread its influence. This means that other organisations that are ostensibly separate from the Chinese state are used as proxies. So, in New Zealand, Brady contends that various Chinese ex-pat community groups, or newspapers have effectively been taken over by the Chinese Government.
These organisations are supposedly directed by the Chinese state agency, the United Front Work Department, which President Xi Jinping apparently called a "magic weapon" in China's growing global influence. Brady has since published a shorter version of her research – see: Looking for points in common while facing up to differences: A new model for New Zealand-China relations.
The publication of Brady's main piece of research occurred just days before the New Zealand general election, which meant it never received much consideration. At the time, the media did report on it – and the best coverage was David Fisher and Matt Nippert's must-read article, Revealed: China's network of influence in New Zealand. This piece draws out many of the important findings, from the most bemusing – such as "Chinese-owned New Zealand dairy farms said to possibly being used to test advanced missile technology" – through to the extensive documented links between former National and Labour politicians and Chinese companies.
Also at this time, Newsroom's Mark Jennings delved into the report, and focused particularly on looking at the various "united front" groups operating in New Zealand, and the financial links between individual "red capitalists" and the National Party – see: Expert calls for inquiry into Chinese 'threat'.
Since the election, the Brady's research continues to be reported. Last week, for example, she gave a lecture at Victoria University of Wellington, in which she elaborated on the soft power techniques of China in New Zealand – see the Herald's PM Jacinda Ardern discounts Chinese influence. This led to the Prime Minister playing down such concerns, and Labour MP Raymond Huo responded with the reasonable point that "There is a fine line between what she has alleged and the genuine promotion of the NZ-China relationship."
Brady has also been in the media talking about the issue. For example, a month ago she was interviewed on TVNZ's Q+A – see: China's foreign policy. Also, from the same episode, see the interview with Rodney Jones, Principal of Wigram Capital Advisors in Beijing: China's power play.
For one of the best overviews of her research, including a profile of Brady herself, see Philip Matthews' feature article, Academic Anne-Marie Brady confronts the power of China.
More debate needed on China in NZ
The issues Brady has raised deserve scrutiny and evaluation. Yet, so far much of the debate has actually remained relatively muted. Today I've written a column on the Newsroom website, calling for greater attention on these issues. I argue that there are some obvious motivations behind suppressing such a debate: "The topic is complicated and fraught, but that doesn't mean we should avoid it. There are certainly plenty of voices wishing to dampen down any discussion about Chinese Government influence here. Often these voices are coming from business and export sectors, which benefit from a prosperous and harmonious trade relationship with China. They don't want the status quo endangered, and instead wish to foster even closer ties between our countries" – see: Time to discuss China's soft power in NZ.
I also argue that "Debate about Chinese Government influence here also seems to have been muted due to fears of promoting illiberalism. Many are understandably uncomfortable with the potential nationalistic, xenophobic, and even racist elements to concerns about Chinese Government interference in New Zealand."
Both of these sentiments can be seen from very different parts of the political spectrum. Representing more economic establishment voices, former deputy prime minister Don McKinnon – now the chair of the New Zealand China Council – wrote in the Herald about Brady's arguments, saying such "allegations are extremely serious, particularly where public figures are involved. As such, they require a very high standard of evidence" – see: Expanding relationship with China in New Zealand's interests.
McKinnon suggests that if any problems do exist, then the New Zealand state is very capable of sorting these out. He also correctly makes the point that "soft power" exercises are something that all states, including New Zealand, carry out. And this is a point I make in my Newsroom column today: "We also need to keep in mind the fact that the New Zealand Government, too, plays all sorts of nefarious roles in international relations. Some of this is even against China. In 2015, we learned from the Snowden files of GCSB material, that our government spies on many other international governments, including China, whose diplomats and communications in New Zealand have been monitored."
Coming from a very different point of view, the Labour Party's Mike Smith argues at The Standard that Brady's arguments contain nothing particularly revealing, and he suggests that they risk inciting prejudice – see: The Yellow Peril?
Another Labour Party figure takes a very different view, again. Bryan Gould has written in the Herald that we need to know more about the various links between the New Zealand elite and the Chinese state: "we need to know about their extent and their possible significance. At the very least, we might regard their number and extent as flashing a warning light. Why is it that so many influential Kiwis, with entrees to the heart of the political, economic and trading establishment, find themselves in such demand from Chinese interests?" – see: China's political and business culture is not like ours.
Illiberalism and debate on China
It would be unfortunate if worries about fostering various forms of illiberalism manage to suppress any debate about China and New Zealand. What's more, such a stance is likely to be counterproductive – producing a less sophisticated and liberal debate.
The fear of being labelled "racist" has certainly inhibited the debate, according to former politician Stephen Franks, who praises Winston Peters for his role in highlighting such issues in the public sphere: "Winston Peters has never been afraid of the reflex slur of "racist'. He expresses ordinary citizen concerns about immigration. Being Maori gives him a partial free pass. But he has not relied on it. He gives as good as he gets. So he can't be silenced by the cowards who run a mile from any debate that could seriously test that gagging slur" – see: China can count on NZ elite's fear of 'racist' slur.
Similarly, ex-Reserve Bank economist Michael Reddell, who attended the recent "magic weapons" lecture in Wellington, notes that Brady is obviously keen to refute any notion that she is coming from an illiberal position in her research: "In her lecture the other day she felt the need to include a photo of her Chinese husband and her three half-Chinese children – no doubt a push back against the sort of despicable pre-election attempt to discredit her and her research" – see: Shameless and shameful.
Reddell, points out that no one has yet been able to disprove any of Brady's arguments, and her opponents simply hope she is ignored: "It seems as if there is just a desperate desire that she, and the issue, would go away. Absent that, the political and business elites simply want to pretend it doesn't exist."
Finally, Reddell has also published his version of how such debate gets suppressed, and how politicians can be quick to use character assassination against those who raise difficult questions about the status quo. He reports from an election meeting in which the then Attorney-General, Chris Finlayson sought to clumsily and aggressively bat away concerns about Chinese state influence in New Zealand politics – see: The political cone of silence, with slurs.
The late Jesuit priest Fr John Sullivan, who was raised Protestant, is to be declared “blessed” at a ceremony which will be attended by both the Church of Ireland and Catholic Archbishops of Dublin.
In a year which also marks the Reformation's 500th anniversary, it is the first ever beatification in Ireland – a major step on the path to sainthood – and will also involve Cardinal Angelo Amato, prefect of the Vatican's Congregation for the Causes of Saints.
The event will take place on May 13th at the Jesuit's St Francis Xavier Church on Dublin's Gardiner Street, a short distance from Eccles Street where Fr Sullivan was born in 1861.
Fr Sullivan was the son of Edward Sullivan, a member of the Church of Ireland and a successful barrister who would later be lord chancellor of Ireland. His mother, Elizabeth Bailey, was a Catholic from Cork.
Fr Sullivan followed the route of privileged Protestantism at the time, attending Portora Royal School near Enniskillen, Co Fermanagh, and Trinity College Dublin, before going to London where he studied law.
In 1896, at age 35, he converted to Catholicism, and was ordained a Jesuit priest 11 years later. He joined the teaching staff at Clongowes Wood college, where he remained until his death in 1933 aged 71. He had spent half his life Protestant and half Catholic.
Work with the poor
Known for his life of prayer and work with the poor, Fr Sullivan was familiar in the Kildare villages around Clongowes, and spent much of his time visiting the troubled, sick or dying. Even before he died many testified to the healing power of his prayers.
The Congregation for the Causes of Saints last year recognised as a miracle attributed to him the recovery from cancer of Dublin woman Delia Farnham in 1954 . One more miracle needs to be proven before he is canonised.
It has been emphasised by those promoting his cause how he is “remembered and revered” by both Catholic and Protestant traditions.
Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin Michael Jackson said the recognition of Fr Sullivan's “holiness has a strong ecumenical feel to it, as he never rejected the influence of the Anglican tradition on his spiritual flourishing”.
Catholic Archbishop of Dublin Diarmuid Martin said “the holiness of John Sullivan was the fruit of his education in both Catholic and Church of Ireland traditions”.
Fr Sullivan's influence even found its way into the political realm in Ireland. Undoubtedly aware that the priest was born in his Dublin Central constituency, former taoiseach Bertie Ahern quoted him in his farewell speech when he stepped down in 2008.
“Take life in instalments. This day now, at least let this be a good day. Be always beginning. Let the past go. Now let me do whatever I have the power to do.”
For many Irish people of a certain vintage, France was an exotic overseas destination. Parents packed the kids into the car, drove on to the ferry and went to a campsite in Normandy.
On Wednesday, almost half – 46 per cent – of Leaving Certificate students sat Leaving Cert French, compared with the 14 per cent who sat German and the 13 per cent who sat Spanish.
Those numbers have stayed fairly steady over the decades, although the popularity of Spanish – the world's third-most-spoken language – is growing.
At the same time employers are crying out for skilled language graduates, but our education system is struggling to meet demand.
“Historically, French has been the language to learn, and this goes back to the 1950s, when the Alliance Française established a presence in Ireland, ” says Elizabeth Hayes-Lynn, director of frenchnotes.ie and a teacher at CBS Sexton Street in Limerick.
“It was the official language of the EU as well as bodies like the UN, Nato and the International Red Cross, and it is useful for work in the EU. It is the language of diplomacy, because it tends to have the exact words needed. As well as this, so many English words have their root in French.”
French is still useful for going on holidays and for jobs. If a person can join a company with French, they are a big asset
Natasha Lynch, director of essentialfrench.ie, says schools have historically employed French teachers and had well-developed French departments.
“If you go to Germany, Belgium or the Netherlands, people generally have very good English, whereas only around 30 per cent of French people have English and the quality of their English isn't great.
“French is still useful for going on holidays and for jobs. If a person can join a company with French, they are a big asset.”
And yet, the volume and quality of language graduates leaves a lot to be desired.
Employers' group Ibec has repeatedly warned about a shortage of skilled language graduates.
School's out
From 1998 the State funded the Modern Languages in Primary School initiative, which reached more than 500 schools across the country. It was axed in 2012 at the height of the recession.
Volumes of international evidence clearly indicate that the younger a person starts learning a language, the better; children are neurologically wired to be language sponges.
Shelving the initiative inevitably means children are exposed to less language and, inevitably, will not perform as well on average.
“We saw students who had been exposed to French through this and they were streets ahead,” says Ms Lynch.
Hayes-Lynn adds that there were problems securing enough teachers to deliver the programme, which put it under further strain.
At second level, Ms Hayes-Lynn says that the enthusiasm for language learning has been “somewhat dampened” by problems with the teaching of Irish, and she is clear that it should be introduced at primary school. She adds that the Government has underinvested in language learning.
Privately officials express concern about where a European language would fit in the primary curriculum
The primary-school curriculum is currently being reviewed by the National Council for Curriculum and Assessment; the time allocated for modern European languages will form a part of this.
Privately officials express concern about where a European language would fit in the primary curriculum and which languages to include – if kids learn Spanish at primary level but the secondary school offers only French, how can that be squared?
But if we are going to develop the number of European-language speakers that we need, we will have to find a way.
Credence Research has recently issued a new market assessment report titled “Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies – Growth, Future Prospects and Competitive Analysis, 2016 – 2022”. The global Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market study provides a comprehensive view of the ongoing and future phases of the Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies industry based on parameters such as major commercial events, research initiatives, government guidelines, market drivers, restraints and opportunities and detailed industry segmentation and regional distribution.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/therapeutic-monoclonal-antibodies-market
Based on geographic/regional distribution the global Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market is studied for key regional markets focusing on the respective geographic trends and statistics, and thereby delivering market size and forecast values. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market based on geographic classification is studied for North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East and Africa markets. Among these, the North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market is studied for top country-level markets. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies industry in each individual country market is studied based on parameters such as per capita income, population, gross domestic product (GDP), status of infrastructure, purchasing power parity, etc. Technology development, industry concentration, end-user preference, and similar such grounds are also considered while estimating the market for Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies. The market estimates are provided for the period 2014-2022, along with corresponding compounded annual growth rates (CAGRs) for the forecast period 2016-2022.
This report on Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market also offers competition assessment tools such as market positioning of key players, attractive investment proposition, and Porter's Five Forces model to give the readers a view of the competitive scenario of the Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market. The Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market report is concluded with company profiles chapter. This section highlights major information about the key players engaged in development, manufacture, distribution and sale of Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies in the international markets.
Browse the report at http://www.credenceresearch.com/report/therapeutic-monoclonal-antibodies-market
Major extracts from the Table of Content of Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market, 2016-2022 report:
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Dynamics – Drivers, Challenges, Opportunities
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Size and Forecast for the Period 2014-2022
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market CAGR for the Period 2016-2022
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market Competitive Analysis, by Key Players
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Attractive Investment Proposition, by Geography
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Key Commercial Events
Therapeutic Monoclonal Antibodies Market: Future Prospects (upcoming product approvals)
Latest Report
Ocular Surgery Devices Market
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/ocular-surgery-devices-market
Efficient Thermal Management
https://www.credenceresearch.com/report/air-management-systems-market
About Us:
Credence Research is a worldwide market research and counseling firm that serves driving organizations, governments, non-legislative associations, and not-for-benefits. We offer our customers some assistance with making enduring enhancements to their execution and understand their most imperative objectives. Over almost a century, we've manufactured a firm extraordinarily prepared to this task.
Media Contact
Name: Chris Smith (Global Sales Manager)
Address: 105 N 1st ST #429, SAN JOSE, CA 95103 US
E-mail: sales@credenceresearch.com
Ph: 1-800-361-8290
Web: http://www.credenceresearch.com
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- A Wisconsin state Assembly committee approved a $3 billion tax incentive package on Monday for Taiwan-based Foxconn Technology Group, the first vote in what could be an intense month of legislative action to quickly pass the massive deal.
The Republican-controlled Assembly's jobs and economy committee voted 8-5 along party lines to send the bill to the full Assembly, which plans to take it up Thursday. Republican-authored tweaks were approved that attempt to address some concerns raised by critics that the state is giving away too much to win the $10 billion plant that could employ up to 13,000 workers.
But the core of the proposal remains -- including $3 billion in tax breaks for meeting investment and employment targets. The panel rejected 22 Democratic amendments that sought, in part, to provide extra protections for taxpayers and the environment and ensure that workers come from Wisconsin, are paid a living wage and have union protections.
"I ask that we take a deep breath, slow this down a bit and enter into further discussions to come up with the best deal possible," said Rep. Tod Ohnstad, a Democrat from Kenosha near where the plant may locate.
Republicans defended the deal as a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
"This is an investment that makes sense and we cannot look the other way and let this opportunity go by," Republican Rep. Bob Kulp said.
The Legislature's budget committee could hold a hearing on the measure early next week, with a vote in the Republican-controlled Senate sometime shortly after that.
"Rather than rushing through a $3 billion tax break for a foreign corporation, we need to make sure Wisconsin taxpayers aren't being taken for a ride," said Democratic Senate Minority Leader Jennifer Shilling in a statement.
The proposal must clear both the state Assembly and Senate in identical form and be signed by Gov. Scott Walker before taking effect. Walker negotiated the deal, which was announced by President Donald Trump with great fanfare about two weeks ago. The deal requires the Legislature to pass the tax break bill by Sept. 30.
Despite the Democratic opposition, Republican Assembly Speaker Robin Vos said last week he expected the bill to pass with bipartisan support. Foxconn is eyeing locations in Kenosha and Racine counties in southeast Wisconsin, areas of the state that include several Democratic lawmakers. It also is considering a secondary site in Dane County, a Democratic stronghold.
Foxconn has said it may invest $10 billion on the plant that would open in 2020 with 3,000 but could expand to 13,000 people within six years.
Concerns about what the state is offering Foxconn increased last week when the nonpartisan Legislative Fiscal Bureau said it will take at least 25 years for Wisconsin taxpayers to break even on the proposed incentives. It would take Wisconsin longer to break even depending on how many workers at the plant come from Illinois, the analysis said.
Under the bill, for every acre of wetland disturbed on the Foxconn site, two acres would have to be restored. The amendment approved Monday would say those should be in the same watershed, if possible. But other key environmental provisions, including exempting Foxconn from having to file an environmental impact statement, remained.
The committee also voted to tie payroll tax credits to the number of jobs Foxconn creates that pay between $30,000 and $100,000. The bill was also changed to call for state officials to encourage in its contract with Foxconn that it hire Wisconsin residents, addressing concerns that many of the workers would come from neighboring Illinois.
The committee also approved spending $20 million on worker training to help create a pipeline for high-tech workers who would be needed at the plant.
If constructed as promised, the Foxconn facility would be the first liquid crystal display monitor manufacturing plant outside of Asia.
The Kano State House of Assembly on Monday commenced a process to amend the state law that provided pension and gratuity for former governors and deputy governors.
The decision to commence the amendment of the law followed a motion of urgent public importance raised before the legislature by a member, Alhaji Labaran Madari (APC), representing Warawa Constituency.
According to Madari, the amendment of the law is to reduce unnecessary spending of public funds through payments to former governors and deputy governors who are also holding political offices after their tenures.
Madari said that the decision to review the existing law was to suspend such payments pending when the person would no longer hold any other political office.
The member also said that any deputy governor who later become governor due to any reason, his pension as former deputy would also be stopped.
He said that the decision was necessary due to economic issues caused by the over dependence on crude oil by past administrations.
“As representatives of the people, it is our responsibility to find ways to reduce the burden on government so as to enable it execute projects that are of benefits to the general public,” the legislator said.
The assembly members at a plenary presided by the Speaker, Alhaji Abdullahi Ata, suggested the creation of an ad-hoc committee to handle the issue.
The assembly set up an ad-hoc committee under the leadership of the House Majority Whip, Alhaji Kabiru Hassan-Dashi, and was given two weeks to submit its report. (NAN)
Bangalore, India May 30, 2018: PROLIM Global Corporation is pleased to announce the addition of Aaditya Vidyarthi as Head of APAC and Europe. He is responsible for the overall management and strategic direction of PROLIM's business in these two key geographies, effective immediately.
Aaditya joins PROLIM from Siemens PLM Software, where he was responsible for mid-market sales of the Siemens PLM Software portfolio. He played a key role in transforming and expanding PLM solutions for the mid-market industries, including automotive, industrial machinery, etc. Prior to Siemens PLM, Aaditya held several sales leadership positions at Dassault Systems, Accelrys India, IBM, and HCL Systems.
Aaditya is experienced in several technology domains, including CAD, CAM, Cloud computing, ALM, PLM, and ERP. He has led large consulting engagements.
Aaditya is an accomplished business leader, motivator, and mentor in Multinational PLM and IT Organizations in India. He is an expert in challenger sales, enterprise consultative sales, business conversations, resource optimization, value creation, and competitive differentiation. Aaditya's professional success is strongly based in his unique formula: “Never lost a Competitive Opportunity, never won it on the Price.” He strongly believes in bringing a unique insight to a business opportunity, based on competitive differentiators.
Aaditya has a Bachelor of Engineering degree and Post Graduate degree in Business Management from SP Jain Institute, Mumbai, India.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Nanoscale Chemicals Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Nanoscale Chemicals market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Qinhuangdao Taiji Ring Nano-Products, NanoMas Technologies, Akzo Nobel Pulp and Performance Chemicals, BASF, Nanophase Technologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Altair Nanotechnologies, Advanced Nano Products, Tokuyama. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Nanoscale Chemicals Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Nanoscale Chemicals market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Nanoscale Chemicals market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Nanoscale Chemicals Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Nanoscale Chemicals. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Nanoscale Chemicals in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Drug Grade Nanoscale Chemicals, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Automotive Industry, Electronic Industry, Electrical Industry, Medical Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Nanoscale Chemicals Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-nanoscale-chemicals-market/10369/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Nanoscale Chemicals new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Nanoscale Chemicals market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Nanoscale Chemicals industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Eileen Bunning and Jim Tamborello will be honored for their dedication and community service
The Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics will present the 13th annual Health Care Heroes from 6 to 9 p.m. Sunday, Oct. 2 at the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Coral Casino, 1260 Channel Drive in Santa Barbara.
The event will honor two extraordinary individuals — Eileen Bunning and Jim Tamborello, D.D.S. — for their selfless contributions and commitments to community service.
Tickets are $175 and can be purchased by calling 805.617.7853 or e-mailing .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) , or click here to purchase online.
Bunning served as president and CEO of Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care of Santa Barbara from 2001-10. On Sept. 24, 2008, she joined the Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics Board of Directors.
She is a registered nurse with a bachelor's degree in health care administration and a master's degree in psychology. Before coming to Santa Barbara, she was the hospice operations manager for Sutter Health in San Francisco, overseeing five programs around the Bay Area. Under her direction, Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care tripled in revenue growth and people served.
Bunning serves on the Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics Board of Directors as board chair, the board of Adventures in Caring, the SBCC Advisory Board for Nursing and the Professional Advisory Board for CenCal Health, and co-chairs the Nonprofit Division of United Way of Santa Barbara County.
In 2007, Bunning was honored by the Santa Barbara Region Chamber of Commerce with the Betty Hatch Award for Women and Entrepreneurs.
Tamborello completed his doctor of dental surgery (D.D.S.) at UCLA and his master's degree in dentistry at Georgetown University. After completing his degrees, he served in the U.S. Air Force. In 1981, Tamborello started a private practice with Dr. Bill Arnett in Santa Barbara. From 2004-09, Tamborello worked in a private practice with Drs. David Hall and Marc Bienstock. After serving the Santa Barbara community for more than 40 years, Tamborello retired in 2009.
He has served as a diplomat for the American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery and is a member of the American, California and Santa Barbara-Ventura County Dental associations. He served as the board examiner for the Advisory Board of the American Board of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery from 1987 to 1992.
Tamborello is board certified and has medical staff surgical privileges at Santa Barbara and Goleta Valley Cottage Hospitals and St. Francis Hospitals. He has lectured for the UCLA Department of Oral and Maxilllofacial Surgery on dentoalveolar surgery and has served as a lecturer at many California dental and hospital-based study clubs.
Beginning with an energizing reception, Health Care Heroes will feature wine from Oreana Winery, delectable dishes in a seated dinner from the Four Seasons Resort The Biltmore Coral Casino and a live “Hearts” auction, which will present opportunities to sponsor emergency dental treatment, counseling services, diabetes and nutrition classes, Teen Health Advocates and more. A short film premiere will highlight the important work of Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics and words of gratitude from patients served. The event's centerpiece is the presentation of the Health Care Heroes themselves, along with the gift of a handmade, embroidered Hero's Cape for each of the honorees.
The benefit event will celebrate the clinics' unparalleled decades of service to the community and raise funds for the important medical, dental and mental health programs and services the organization provides, which prioritize preventive strategies and health education.
“Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics has been the community's health safety net for children, families and seniors for over 40 years,” said Sybil Rosen, last year's Health Care Heroes recipient. “Even today, despite the health-care challenges we are all facing, our supporters have come together to ensure the Neighborhood Clinics can continue to provide vital medical, dental and mental health services to 17,000 people each year.”
Event sponsors are CenCal Health, MarBorg Industries, Montecito Bank & Trust, Pacific Diagnostic Laboratories, Quest Diagnostics, Sansum Clinic, Santa Barbara Bank & Trust, St. Francis Foundation, Venoco, Inc. and Visiting Nurse & Hospice Care. In-kind sponsors are Oreana Winery, Boone Graphics, La Fête and Netnolimits, Inc.
“By sponsoring and attending this event,” Rosen said, “you will help SBNC continue its legacy of making our community a healthy and vibrant place for all.”
—Marjorie Wass is a publicist representing the Santa Barbara Neighborhood Clinics.
Protesters listen during a "Peace and Sanity" rally Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in New York, as speakers address white supremacy violence in Charlottesville, Va., yesterday. Bebeto Matthews AP Photo
The world's most venomous spider has been spotted in a house in the Blue Mountains near Sydney.
Bec Sheedy was at home when her mum spotted a black creature with fangs on a wall towards the back of her house in Springwood, NSW, and quickly recognised it to be the world's most venomous spider — a funnel-web.
Funnel-webs are notorious for the venom — reports indicate death in humans have occurred after just 15 minutes due to the shutting down of the nervous system.
"It was probably about 5cm in diameter, so smaller than an open palm," Sheedy told news.com.au. "We've seen more redbacks this year than in the past but I haven't seen a funnel-web since I was a kid."
Advertisement
Funnel-web spiders are extremely common around households on Australia's east coast but are rarely seen. They can be found from Queensland to New South Wales, but earlier this year a new species was discovered as far south as northern Tasmania. There were previously 35 known species of the spider.
They are known to be relatively large spiders in comparison to their arachnid cousins and have large fangs capable of piercing through a fingernail.
"If you do get bitten you will feel the effects very quickly, it can make you very, very sick," Paul Hare, Invertebrate Keeper at Taronga Zoo, told news.com.au
"Chances are you'll know you've been bitten, they've got big fangs and you'll feel the bite."
Hare said a human would "know pretty quickly" if they were bitten by a funnel-web spider and urged those to "go to hospital immediately".
The result of a bite can lead to nausea, muscle cramps, profuse sweating and numbness around the mouth. The Australian Museum has recorded 13 deaths in Australia.
The most dangerous place to be bitten is said to be the torso.
Despite being primitive creatures they are attracted to cool, damp environments and when spotted, they are often found in pools, bathrooms or the household laundry. They can survive submerged underwater for a couple of days.
"It's alive until it's proven otherwise," said Hare.
The funnel web spider found in the NSW suburb of Springwood. Photo / Bec Sheedy supplied news.com.au
They are named after a characteristic "funnel" they create through their webs that surround the entrances to their burrows.
Hare told news.com.au it wasn't a surprise that the spider was spotted at this time of year because it's mating season and the male was likely on the hunt for a female.
"This time of year we find the males in the evenings when it's cooler, walking around looking for females," he said.
"The females we tend to only come across if you've been doing gardening or you've had really heavy rains and they've been flooded out of their homes.
"The girls let the males come to them."
Hare said the funnel-web spider is often misrepresented and that despite being the world's most venomous spider they tend to be "defensive" rather than aggressive.
The venom affects only three species in a lethal manner; insects, other spiders and primates. Blue tongues and birds "would happily munch on them" while if your pet dog or cat was to be stung it would be "highly unlikely" they would die.
"At the end of the day we are too big to be a food item for them. The only reason you're bitten is if a spider feels threatened.
"Admittedly you might come across one that's having a bad day but in my experience they're not what they're made out to be."
Yet despite the potentially deadly outcome of a funnel-web bite, Hare said it was unlikely to happen; there hasn't been a fatality since an antivenene was invented in 1981 by Dr Struan Sutherland.
"The reality is they're just not as bad," he said. "These days if you were to die from one, there's something else going on."
But, Hare warned: "I still wouldn't pick one up with your hand.
"If you're living in an area where they are known to be found, a little bit of caution goes a long way. Don't go leaving things outside that they can crawl into, if you're cleaning out a pool filter don't go putting your hand in and if you're gardening, wear gloves."
Advice to Australians is to "leave them alone" because "they do play an important part of our eco system" by killing cockroaches, flies and mosquitoes.
"The chances of dying from a spider bite these days is so slim, even if you get bitten by a spider, you're likelier to die from a car accident on the way to hospital."
"We're going to abandon the failed policy of strategic patience. But we're going to redouble our efforts to bring diplomatic and economic pressure to bear on North Korea"
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant mum and her young son have been driven out of their Derby home by an angry swarm of bees.
Georgia French first thought the menacing clump of insects is wasps and, when she could not afford to pay for the pests to be tackled, decided to abandon her Chaddesden home.
Georgia, 24, of Hornsea Road, said: “It was a massive shock when I got back from a seven-day holiday.
“I'm not entirely sure when they arrived, 10 days ago there were only a few.
“My neighbours came round straight away when I got home because they were so concerned about the nest. Since I got back they have been increasing and increasing in number.
“I don't have the income to pay for them to be removed, I have spoken to the council, Derby Homes and an advice and health centre but none will help without getting paid.
“I have had to move house, I'm 24, live on my own, am pregnant and I've got a two-year-old boy to look after. There are thousands of them, all managing to get into the house and t hey have been creating holes in the roof."
(Image: Georgia French)
The swarm has congregated on the chimney of the house.
Tony Maggs, 67, is the owner of the Honey Pot at Markeaton Park and a former beekeeper.
He said: “You will need a specialist, to put up scaffolding works and go and deal with it.
“This looks like a job for a pest controller.”
“This swarm looks a bit difficult to remove for your average beekeeper.”
Hayley Boden, 42, Georgia's next-door neighbour, said: “She just had to take what she could and go.
“After a bit they start swarming, all the front and at the back of the house is covered, the bees are literally everywhere.
“Someone came down the street yesterday with a little pram, they literally covered the baby up and ran, because they were swarming round them.
“The bees come out all of a sudden and go mad for a bit. Yesterday they came out and swarmed twice.
(Image: Georgia French)
“Georgia said I'm ever so sorry but I haven't got the money to pay the council. It would cost her more than £200 altogether.
"There's no way the beekeepers are going to get in there to do it because it is either down the chimney or in the loft, they don't know where it is.
“So how are they going to get the nest out without smashing the whole house up?”
Nicola Ellerington, 38, also of Hornsea Road, is also concerned about Georgia's situation.
She said: “When it's hot, the bees go crazy, like over past couple of days. Twice a day you've got to go inside.”
Georgia is now living with friends and family in Allenton until the problem is resolved or the bees leave of their own accord.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
In the first week of February 1958 a syndicated bulletin from Yugoslavia hit newspaper offices across England. It began: “A crowd of autograph hunters stormed the customs hall at Belgrade airport yesterday.”
The reason for the commotion was that Manchester United had just landed. They were 53 minutes late, the report said, delayed by fog. The audience was undeterred: “The players were engulfed.”
There were four short paragraphs but they conveyed one of the key factors of the Busby Babes: excitement.
The Manchester United side nurtured and moulded by Matt Busby and Jimmy Murphy stirred people. In this case that arousal caused an audience 1,500 miles from Old Trafford to rush the customs officers of a strict regime. Some of them were probably fans of United's next opponents, Red Star Belgrade.
48 hours later, with United 3-0 ahead after 31 minutes of the second leg of the European Cup quarter-final, the foreign fascination with the Busby Babes looked justified. United were 5-1 up on aggregate.
They conceded three themselves early in the second half, but by the final whistle Busby's boy-men were in a semi-final against AC Milan.
After the game United's players went to Belgrade's Metropol hotel with Red Star's team. Dragoslav Sekularac - in Bobby Charlton's world XI in 1960 - told Jonathan Wilson in The Anatomy of Manchester United this was not usual practice. The United players' personalities, Sekularac said, changed things.
“Their friendship, their kindness, how they received us in the first leg in Manchester and how they behaved here, and how we greeted each other, even today I take my hat off to them.”
These glimpses of the Busby Babes through Yugoslav eyes reveal an aura that was there and then. It is not nostalgia. Busby's revolutionary, humane management in Manchester not only created a talent factory in the dirty, old industrial town, it brought colour. His Manchester United team affected neutrals, it had a winning smile.
Grow your own
The members were young. It was a conscious decision: grow your own. United did and won the first five FA Youth Cups from 1953 to ‘57. Hence ‘Babes'.
Then some of the offspring of that system won the League title in 1955-56 and did so by 11 points - a record for the 22-team top flight formed in 1919. The Babes won the League again in 1956-57 and reached the FA Cup final - they were one game away from becoming the first club in the 20th century to do the Double.
Captain, Roger Byrne, began the ‘55-56 season aged 26. Tommy Taylor was 23, Mark Jones 22, Geoff Bent 22, Liam Whelan 20, David Pegg 19, Eddie Coleman 18 and Duncan Edwards 18. They were the future. All eight died at Munich.
Jimmy Greaves described Duncan Edwards for a modern audience: “Combine the ability of Eric Cantona and the strength and application of Roy Keane with the distribution of Glenn Hoddle and the temperament of Paul Scholes and you are somewhere near.”
Manchester United fans pay tribute to the Busby Babes on the 50th anniverary of the Munich air disaster. Photograph: Alex Livesey/Getty
Vibrant, youthful, Edwards' United offered a vivid contrast with what had gone before. As Eamon Dunphy, a future United apprentice, wrote in his life of Busby A Strange Kind of Glory: “The new mood was different . . Busby's club had a bit of a swagger, more than a hint of disdain, was more powerful than gracious, possessed the arrogance of the new generation, convinced that it had found a better way - of playing left-back, of living, of expressing itself.”
It was Busby's imagination and often forlorn experiences as a player which produced his desire to overturn orthodoxies - subtly, without the establishment comprehending.
FA bureaucrats stood in his way when he entered United for the European Cup. They had prevented Chelsea entering the season before, dismissed it as “a gimmick”. Busby got his way.
It was he who understood the full ramifications of Hungary's landmark victories over England in 1953 and 1954 - 3-6 & 7-1 - then England's loss to Uruguay in the last eight of the 1954 World Cup.
Busby wrote to Stanley Matthews after the tournament praising Hungary and Uruguay - “they had strength, speed and brilliance.” He noted “they wear featherweight boots” and “thin short-sleeved shirts and skimpy shorts.” Unless English clubs mixed in Europe, he feared being “left behind.”
Soon United would be adorned in new kit. Dunphy recalled being at Dalymount Park in September 1957 when United began their European Cup campaign against Shamrock Rovers: “No baggy shorts . . they wore v-necked red shirts without the old collars of Matthews and Finney.”
United won 6-0. A clean shock of the new.
Crowds responded. In August 1955, for the first home game of the season there were 24,000 at Old Trafford; the following season the average home gate was 49,000. In the last domestic match the Babes played, at Highbury five days before Munich, there were 64,000 present to see United win 5-4.
And then Munich, 23 dead. Such loss, such shock, such a deep reaction.
Busby's United had come to represent something - something different, something fresh, something to rush to see - even at an airport. Now it was gone.
The crash was front-page news across Europe, it was on television in New York, the BBC interrupted ‘Children's Hour' to relay the latest.
Manchester's Kennedy moment
People remembered where they were when they heard, just as they did with JFK. The scale of mourning saw 60,000 at the next match at Old Trafford. John Giles was there as young United player that night and has said it was “the most emotionally charged in the history of Manchester United, perhaps in the entire history of the game.”
Harry Gregg, playing with an undiagnosed fractured skull, just a fortnight after the disaster said: “They tell me you could almost reach out and touch the goodwill.”
That feeling stayed. It stayed because Busby returned from hospital in Germany and rebuilt.
“I knew it was going to take us the best part of five years to re-create the old pattern if ever we could,” he said. “One thing I was determined to do was to keep the name of Manchester United on people's lips. We had always to look as if we were doing something. Having been the greatest, we would not settle for anything less.”
Matt Busby and Bobby Charlton in the wake of Manchester United's 1968 European Cup final win over Benfica. Photograph: Getty/Stringer
It stayed because of affection. It stayed because the Babes were in the hearts and songs of supporters, many now from beyond Manchester.
It has stayed 60 years, so that there will be commemorations in Manchester, Munich and Belgrade on Tuesday.
This was not inevitable - it also stayed because, among other things, Charlton survived, Denis Law was bought and George Best was discovered. The reality on the pitch is crucial.
Ten years later Busby saw his new team win the European Cup which his earlier team had died for. It was a tragedy and resurrection beyond imagination. There were tears in 1958, there were tears in 1968.
It sustained Manchester United, brought a breadth and depth of feeling even when they fell into the Second Division just six years later. It took another two decades before Alex Ferguson re-created some of the magnetism.
How good were the Busby Babes?
This is Bobby Charlton in 1960: “From top to bottom the present United side is a good and happy one. It may never be as good as Roger Byrne's team, but then, what team ever could be?”
Josh van der Flier looks like a long-term casualty after being forced off with a medial ligament knee damage at Stade de France.
“Josh will be unavailable next week,” said Ireland coach Joe Schmidt.
“He will get a scan either tomorrow evening or Monday. It looks like it could medial ligament but that is just my naive diagnosis.
“I thought Josh was playing really well for us in that opening 25 minutes.”
Schmidt had particular praise for the new breed of Irish forward, particularly James Ryan and Dan Leavy (who replaced van der Flier on 36 minutes).
“James Ryan was immense. He carried, he tackled, he worked hard, his lineout work was really efficient as well. Dan Leavy made an immediate impression when he came on. He got over the ball. He got off the line.He carried strongly.
“In those last phases of play I think Dan Leavy made a difference.
That's what you want off guys who come off the bench. Jack McGrath carried strongly as did Dev in those last few phases.
“One of the best clean outs of the match was Fergus McFadden. It's one of the the things he does really well.
“That's why you keep building a squad.”
Despite the 15-13 victory off four Johnny Sexton penalties and the late drop goal, Ireland struggled to break the gainline and never created a clear try-scoring opportunity.
Schmidt blamed the surface and France slowing Irish possession at the breakdown.
“It's very, very difficult to put any team under pressure if the ball is slowing. The try the French scored with the brilliance of Teddy Thomas – they didn't have to go through too many phases, which is hugely disappointing for us.
“There were a couple of knee injuries in that game. The ground was fantastic, very firm, but it was greasy on top and as a result it was hard to get that real purchase and play at a tempo you would like to play at.
“It was incredibly frustrating that we let some ball escape us when we had pressure in the 22 and that we didn't quite create the try-scoring opportunities.”
On the 41 phase end game leading to Sexton's winning strike, Schmidt added: “It's pretty hard to explain how you feel when you think the game has got away and you have let it slip and suddenly you have grabbed it.
“It was an incredible team effort to work their way up the pitch about 40, 45 metres and then add on a 40 metre drop goal. It was fairly inspirational. Even the fact that so many people had to be involved.
“We had to drop kick the ball and Iain Henderson got it back. We played a number of phases, a cross kick for Keith Earls who leapt three or four feet into the air to claim it.
“When he struck the drop goal I was just willing it to have enough distance to get over.
“The coaching staff we all stood up as one and cheered with the other Irish supporters who were in the stadium.
“Johnny hit one against the Scarlets a few years ago to draw that was a cracker and one against England last year which was a cracking drop goal as well.
“I don't think people realise how hard it is to come here and win.”
After taking a break last week, 4:44's Footnotes series continues with a new video for “MaNyfaCedGod.” The new clip features the Footnotes series regulars—including Chris Rock, Trevor Noah, Meek Mill, and Michael Che—talking about the difficulties of being a vulnerable black male, and how that impedes opening up in a relationship.
The Footnotes clip regularly end with a preview of the next 4:44 video, but that's not the case for this entry. Watch a clip of the Tidal exclusive below.
The new HomePod speaker may have stolen the show at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference, but there was one announcement that could help ring the death knell for something many of us use every day: cash.
When the iOS 11 update is rolled out to iPhones and iPads this fall, it will come equipped with a new Apple Pay feature that will support peer-to-peer payments in iMessage, further bolstering the functionality of the mobile payments solution Apple introduced in October 2014.
Apple's Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi speaks about Apple Pay on stage during Apple's World Wide Developers Conference in San Jose, California on June 5, 2017. Josh Edelson / AFP - Getty Images
"What this does are it makes you think about Apple Pay a lot more than you did before, particularly if you are in a demographic of people who already use Venmo," Patrick Moorhead, principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, told NBC News. "Based on how easy it is to do this, people are going to start sending money all over the place."
The move directly positions Apple to compete with PayPal's Venmo and the Square Cash app, both popular solutions among a younger demographic looking to split rent payments, dinner bills or to just get a quick loan from a friend.
Related: The Highlights from Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference
Venmo reported processing $6.8 billion in payments during the first quarter of this year, more than double the amount it processed during the same period last year.
Offering free peer-to-peer payments can make monetization difficult; however, Venmo charges a 3 percent fee for using your credit card and also makes money off of merchant fees. Square Cash makes money from merchant fees and charges users a 1 percent fee if they choose an expedited deposit to their bank account.
Apple now wants its own piece of the pie — and this could be a way to draw more iPhone users into Apple Pay. However, there's one big downside, said Moorhead.
"While Apple Pay has a really good experience, it does require a lot of things to be in line for it to work," he said. Chief among them: You and the person you want to send money to will both need compatible Apple devices.
For this reason, Apple Pay's new feature may merely "put a dent" in Venmo and Square Cash, said Moorhead. He doesn't see it as being the sole dominating force in the peer-to-peer payments space.
What About Apple Pay?
Apple executives said that by the end of the year, 50 percent of retailers in the United States will be accepting Apple Pay at checkout. Apple's technology requires merchants to be set up with Near Field Communication readers, unlike Samsung Pay, which is much more widely accepted since it doesn't require retailers to be set up with any additional point of sale equipment.
Mobile payment is continuing to seep into the mainstream. In the United States, 46 percent of consumers — approximately 114 million people — reported making a mobile payment last year, according to Pew Charitable Trusts.
Still, the U.S. Federal Reserve points out that "myths" about a completely cashless future have been circulating ever since the advent of credit cards, yet cash has clearly continued to be an integral part of the day-to-day experience.
Data released last year by the Fed found that demand for U.S. currency is growing domestically and internationally. The research also found that 89 percent of Americans carry cash sometimes or always, with the average person having a little more than $20 in their wallet.
While a completely cashless future may not be entirely in the cards for the United States just yet, cash is rarely used in Sweden. Some places even won't accept bills of the national currency — the Swedish krona, instead posting signs that only cards or mobile payments are welcome.
Sweden doesn't want your cash. pic.twitter.com/H20aTrKpyt — Alyssa Newcomb (@AlyssaNewcomb) May 26, 2017
Much of that is due to Swish, an app owned by six Swedish banks. It's become a popular payment method used by 5.5 million people, more than half of the Swedish population.
The app allows users to do everything from making instant peer-to-peer payments to shopping online or grabbing a snack from a food truck.
As mobile payments and card use continue to increase, the number of Swedish krona in circulation has fallen, with about $53 billion SEK in circulation as of April ($6.1 billion USD), compared to nearly $68.2 billion SEK circulation in 2015, according to data from Sweden's Riksbank.
While we might completely take a page from Sweden, Moorhead said the country — and others, such as South Korea — provide a glimpse at the potential for the future of payments.
"I do believe cash's days are numbered," said Moorhead. "But it is only going to happen if there is a pervasive payment method that 95 percent of all terminals can use, otherwise it is not going to work," he said.
For now, "Cash and credit are still king."
A woman launched a foul-mouthed racist tirade at an immigrant passenger in a bus, and then asked the driver to call police.
Hateful incidents against people of color are on the rise in America.
And now, all thanks to President Donald Trump's draconian policies, bigoted people are telling immigrants to get out of the United States.
In an abhorrent display of racism, a woman was caught on video spewing hatred against passengers who were apparently immigrants on a Long Island bus. “Get the f*** out of my country!” the unnamed woman shouted at a passenger who was recording her rant.
She also had to say something hateful about “illegal immigrants,” claiming she was sick of the “mother f***ers”
The repulsive woman also gave a shut up call to other passengers on the bus who were condemning her behavior. “You got a f***ing problem with that, call the f***ing police.” She can also be seen trying to snatch the phone of the person recording the video.
The Rockland County woman then reportedly asked the driver to call the police.
That is exactly what the driver did — however, it was the racist woman who got arrested.
Rockland County sheriff's deputies and Orangetown police arrived at the scene and arrested the prejudiced woman after she got off the bus.
The disturbing incident took place on bus No. 235 operating on Transport of Rockland Route No. 92.
“It looks like she was intoxicated. I hope she wasn't normal thinking and talking like that. It's just very sad,” said a passenger who witnessed the hateful incident.
The Rockland County Commission on Human Rights is in contact with the passenger who was recording the racist episode. The passenger who filmed the video has since filed a complaint against the woman.
Read More Immigrant Families Must Pay Hefty Fees To Reunite With Separated Kids
Thumbnail/Banner Image: Pixabay
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TAMPA (CBSMiami) – A Tennessee woman is suing NASA over some alleged moon dust she says belongs to her. The woman claims astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first man to walk on the moon, gave her the moon dust when she was just a child.
The question now is whether she could be forced to give it back to NASA.
Neil Armstrong's 1969 moonwalk made him world-famous, but not to ten-year-old Laura Murray in 1972.
“My mom handed me my dad's business card and she said turn it over and on the back was Neil Armstrong's autograph,” explained Laura Cicco.
According to Laura, her father Tom Murray was friends with the first man on the moon through aviation circles.
She says Armstrong passed on another gift; a vial. The gray stuff inside, her parents told her, was dust from the moon.
“It was not a big deal. I was into Barbie's and horseback riding,” Laura said.
She grew up, became Laura Cicco, and forgot all about it.
But five years ago, after her parents died, she opened her mother's hope chest in the attic.
“When I opened it I knew immediately what it was,” Laura said. “And I said ‘this is it' and my husband Chris said ‘this is what?' And I said ‘the moon dust!'”
Cicco learned something else about NASA; the space agency considers all lunar material government property and has a history of tracking down any that falls into the wrong hands.
But first, was her moon dust even real? She contacted lawyer Christopher McHugh, and he had it tested.
“The story was fascinating,” McHugh said. “Almost unbelievable, so we had to verify it.”
The autograph was authentic, but lab testing on the dust was less conclusive.
One test found “no evidence to rule out a lunar origin” while another found it was similar to the “average crust of earth” or, perhaps earth dust mixed with moon dust.
“We've speculated that this might be a sample that was vacuumed off a space suit,” McHugh said.
That was enough for McHugh to file a pre-emptive lawsuit against NASA, demanding Laura be declared the rightful owner.
“I didn't want her to be in a situation where she felt like she had to hide,” McHugh explained. “Because if NASA finds out about it they will come kick your door in.”
A spokesperson for NASA told CBS in an e-mail that the agency was unable to comment.
Space historian Robert Pearlman was more talkative.
“Great claims require great evidence and there's not a lot of great evidence in this case,” Pearlman said.
Pearlman suspects Cicco's moondust is pixiedust, not real. He says Armstrong knew better than to keep lunar material, and never gave it away…to anyone.
“To our knowledge he never gave moon dust to his sons, he never gave moon dust to his first or second wife,” Pearlman said. “He never gave moon dust to his crewmates. I've worked with Buzz Aldrin. I know he doesn't have any.”
But Cicco swears her dust, and her story, are real.
A federal court could decide whether Laura is asking for the moon.
Drones are a true “threat from above”, as the drones available today are no longer the simple toy for kids or a hobbyist, they are increasingly being used for spying, drug smuggling, and industrial espionage. To make matters worse, drones are giving police, governments and security industries a new challenge, as they can be easily fitted with weapons or explosives to cause harm to rivals or governments. The global drone identification market is expected to show robust growth due to certain factors such as the increasing incidents of security breaches across the globe, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) mandates for identification of drones, vulnerability of drones to hacking, hijacking, spoofing, and cloud-based attacks. The introduction of smart detection systems equipped with sensors having broad detection range are rendering lucrative opportunities to the market players. Among various market strategies new product launch was the key strategy adopted by the leading players to sustain their position in the drone identification market.
Drone Identification Market Research Objective
To define the scope and simplify the research study based on technology, end user, application, and region.
• Estimate the current market size and forecast the same for the period (2017-2024).
• Market share by revenue for each segment and region analyzed.
• To provide insights on the major market dynamics (drivers, restraints & opportunities) and their impact analysis for the forecast period.
• Micro and macro level analysis of the market to elucidate lucrative investment opportunities.
• Porter's five forces analysis to deliver a comprehensive buyer-seller scenario and the state of business environment.
• Identification of the drone identification market trends in current scenario and its growth indicators.
• Benchmarking leading vendors in the drone identification industry based on their strategic attempts, financial status, and other internal and external parameters.
Request Sample Copy of the Report@www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-identification-market/request-sample
Drone Identification Market Segmentation
By Technology
• Countermeasures
o Laser systems
o Traditional kinetic systems
• Electronic Systems Identification & Detection
o ADS-B
o Acoustic
o Light sense
o RF sensing
o Electro-optics
o Drone surveillance radar
o Others
By End User
• Military
• Commercial
• Homeland security
By Application
• Drone Mounting
o Drone Type
Tactical drones
Special purpose drones
o Strategic Drones End use
Combat operations
Intelligence, surveillance & reconnaissance
• Ground Station
o Energy
Power Generation
Nuclear power plants
Thermal power plants
Renewable energy power plants
Oil & Gas
Upstream
Midstream
Downstream
Power grids
o Transport
Airports
Seaports
Railway infrastructure
Highways and bridges
o Critical Infrastructure
Communication systems
Chemical and manufacturing
Stadiums, holy places, and public places
Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI)
Government Facilities and Defense Establishments
Others
Drone Identification Market By Region
• North America
• Europe
• Asia-Pacific
• Rest of the World
Offered Customization
For this specific report, we offer 20% of free customization in order to deliver a tailored research report that specifically covers areas of client's interest in the drone identification market. Following are some most desired customization offers on this report:
Geographical Customization
• Split of the regional market into specific countries as per client's research requirements.
• Further breakdown of the major segments into sub-segments (as per request).
Vendor Profile Customization
• Further exhaustive analysis of additional companies operating in the market as per request.
Distinctive Requirements
• Research report on drone identification market covering specific country/region only
Request for Customized Report @www.esticastresearch.com/market-reports/drone-identification-market/request-customise-form
About Esticast Research & Consulting :
Esticast Research & Consulting is a research firm providing research reports on various industries with a unique combination of authenticity, extensive research, and infallibility. We provide syndicated market research reports, customization services, and consulting services to help businesses across the world in achieving their goals and overcoming complex challenges. We specialize in providing 360 degree view of the markets to assist clients in determining new opportunities and develop business strategies for the future with data and statistics on changing market dynamics.
Esticast Research & Consulting has expert analysts and consultants with an ability to work in collaboration with clients to meet their business needs and give opportunities to thrive in a competitive world. A comprehensive analysis of industries ranging from healthcare to consumer goods and ICT to BFSI is provided by covering hundreds of industry segments. The research reports offering market forecasts, market entry strategies, and customer intelligence will help clients across the world in harnessing maximum value on their investment and realize their optimum potential.
Contact
Esticast Research & Consulting
410 State Route 57 East,#206, Washington, NJ 07882
Tel: 1-908-379-7709
Fax: 1-908-379-7709
Email: help@esticastresearch.com
Homes in the Las Vegas area are shown in an undated image. (File)
The Hope Brings You Home program assisted Southern Nevada homebuyers by donating up to $20,000 towards the purchase of a home.
In a statement released by the Nevada Department of Business & Industry, part of the program aimed to help homebuyers in certain zip codes that are still affected by the housing crisis.
The Hope Brings You Home Program is working with the Nevada House Division and Nevada Affordable Housing Assistance Corporation, according to the statement.
The program is run on a first-come, first-serve basis and will continue to be offered until its $36 million in allocated funds are distributed, the statement said.
According to the statement, a minimum of 1,800 qualified homebuyers will receive a down payment and closing cost assistance. A second mortgage will be offered as financial assistance with a zero percent interest rate along with no monthly payments for a 3-year term.
The loan is forgiven after a 3-year term, the statement read.
The statement said that in order to qualify for the program, a prospective homeowner must purchase the home they want as their primary residence and complete an education course, as well as meet certain income and credit score requirements.
According to the statement, other eligibility requirements include:
Eligible property zip codes: 89011, 89030, 89031, 89032, 89048, 89060, 89081, 89101, 89102, 89103, 89104, 89106, 89107, 89108, 89109, 89110, 89115, 89118, 89119, 89120, 89121, 89122, 89128, 89142, 89146, 89156, 89169
Minimum credit score of 660 for FHA loans, 640 for all other loan types
Eligible loan types: FHA, VA, USDA, or conventional
Debt ratio of 45% for government-insured loans, 50% for conventional
Existing properties only
Single family, condos, townhomes and manufactured homes qualify
Borrowers must take an approved homebuyer education course
Home purchase price under $400,000
May be required to repay the loan if the homeowner sells, refinances or moves out of the home before the end of the 3-year term.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
(WSVN) - Thirteen years ago, he restored a car — a one of a kind Volkswagen. Then it was stolen and finally after all these years, he thinks he has found it, but has too much time passed to reclaim it? It's why he called Help Me Howard with Patrick Fraser.
T.J. Murphy is great with his hands, and in 1999, turned his attention to an old Volkswagen he found.
T.J. Murphy, car stolen: “I have always rebuilt Volkswagens. Something I could enjoy.”
T.J. paid $300 for the car.
T.J. Murphy: “There were only four wires hanging out of the steering column.”
By the time he was through, he had spent $10,000 restoring the Volkswagen, but he says it was beautiful.
T.J. Murphy: “Immaculate. I used to take it to all the Volkswagen Beetle shows throughout the state.”
A few things made it a one of a kind car. Custom made white seats with blue trim, and for the paint job — another unusual twist.
T.J. Murphy: “I wanted them to tint the clear coat, so the clear coat had a blue tint to it.”
It was a great car, a crook certainly thought so.
T.J. Murphy: “It was stolen out of a car port April 2004.”
The car was never found. Then this year, T.J. was on Craigslist.
T.J. Murphy: “Thirteen years later and here it is. I find my car. Unbelievable.”
The car was for sale up in Martin County near Stuart. T.J. drove up to see it. The current owner had bought it after it had been in an accident.
T.J. Murphy: “I was shocked.”
T.J. says this car had the white seats with the custom blue trim and the clear coat with the blue tint.
T.J. Murphy: “It's unmistakably my car. I mean, the interior is almost exactly like it was 13 years later.”
But there was a problem. The vin numbers on this VW don't match T.J.'s 1971 VW. T.J. says the crook must have changed them. And he was told even if it is his old car, he can't have it back.
T.J. Murphy: “From what I understand the problem is the amount of time that has expired since I lost the car, or since the car was stolen from me.”
“Not fair,” T.J. says. Not fair, and he wants this car back.
T.J. Murphy: “Any guy that ever works on a car, they have an attachment to it of course.”
Well Howard, if this is T.J.'s stolen VW, has too much time passed to get it back?
Howard Finkelstein: “No. T.J. has a right to recover his stolen car, no matter how much time has gone by, but only if he can prove it's his car. Since the vin numbers do not match, in order to do that he would have to put up a bond and get a judge to seize the car to find a way to prove it is his.”
We spoke to the police in Coral Springs where the car was stolen 13 years ago.
They really did a lot of work to try to help.
They asked the sheriff where the car was for sale to go check on it. By then it was gone, and the owner was not around.
While the two visible vin numbers did not match T.J.'s old vehicle, there is a third vin number hidden near the top of the transmission.
Coral Springs police told me to get to it they would have to have probable cause that it was T.J.'s car, get a warrant, seize it and remove the parts to see that hidden number.
Police didn't have enough proof to do that.
Howard says there's another option — get a court order.
Howard Finkelstein: “For T.J. to check that third vin number, he would have to pay to take the car apart. Add the cost of the bond to seize it and court costs, and it would cost more than the vehicle is worth.”
T.J. is not going to pay to do that.
And there is another possibility — the thief who stole the car stripped it and put the parts in this car. T.J. says “Nah.” This is his old car.
T.J. Murphy: “There is no doubt. I am 100 percent. There's no doubt in my mind.”
While there are statute of limitations for things like suing someone and most crimes like grand theft, there is no statute of limitations for recovering your own property, so if one of your relatives property was stolen years ago and you find it, your family is entitled to get it back.
Someone hit you with a classic problem? Ready for a custom made solution? Contact us. We can't repair a car, but we can construct a one of a kind solution for you.
CONTACT HELP ME HOWARD:
Email: helpmehoward@wsvn.com
Reporter: Patrick Fraser at pfraser@wsvn.com
Miami-Dade: 305-953-WSVN
Broward: 954-761-WSVN
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
What the papers say
Rumours over the future of Luke Shaw are rife – but he might not be the only Manchester United player to go this summer, according to the Express. Jose Mourinho is preparing for a “mass exodus” this summer, the paper says. It claims players such as Juan Mata, Ander Herrera, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Daley Blind and Matteo Darmian could all be sold to help finance Mourinho's rebuilding process.
Meanwhile, United have moved ahead of Manchester City into pole position in the race for Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Fred, the Daily Star reports. The paper says the biggest threat to signing the 25-year-old could come from Paris St Germain instead, as City no longer see him as a priority target.
Mousa Dembele is preparing to open talks over a new contract at Tottenham, the Sun claims. The paper reports that the club want to tie the Belgium midfielder to a new deal, with his contract due to expire at the end of next season.
Spurs are also considering making a move for Red Bull Salzburg midfielder Amadou Haidara, according to the Sun. The 20-year-old has impressed in this season's run to the Europa League quarter-finals, and the paper says Tottenham see him as a star in the making.
Burnley are reportedly willing to double Nick Pope‘s salary to stave off interest from Newcastle. The Sun says boss Sean Dyche has been impressed by the 25-year-old goalie this season, and will offer a bumper new deal of £30,000 a week.
Players to watch
Angus Gunn: The Manchester City goalkeeper is said to be wanted by Stoke and Celtic. The Sun says Potters boss Paul Lambert has sent scouts to eye him up as a potential replacement to Jack Butland, while Celtic are also in need of a top keeper, with Craig Gordon troubled by injury.
Guillermo: West Brom are chasing the Spanish striker to help them get back to the Premier League, the Sun reports. The Baggies are said to be planning for life in the Championship, and are considering a £2million deal for 24-year-old Guillermo from Numancia.
A mother is pushing for safer attitudes to weight-loss in combat sports after her daughter died while preparing for an amateur fight.
Jessica Lindsay, an 18-year-old Muay Thai novice, collapsed the day before her second fight was scheduled and died in a Perth hospital four days later when life support was switched off.
Mum Sharron Lindsay has met West Australian Premier Mark McGowan as she crusades to change the culture in combat sports, which have enjoyed a massive rise in popularity around the world in recent years.
She told Perth Now that Australia's Combat Sports Commission had "wishy-washy" rules and was failing to protect fighters.
Advertisement
Lindsay said: "This can't happen again. People need to be educated and people need to understand that Jessica was an articulate, educated, intelligent young lady who did this method of weight-cut by the book and the extent of horrific damage on this one attempt took her life."
Jessica's weight-loss methods included water-loading, running in a rubber sweatsuit and taking hot-salt baths. She had taken "careful research...obtaining advice from various people" before undertaking the tough regime in the week before her fight.
Jessica collapsed while running despite showing no lead up signs of trouble. Ms Lindsay, who also trains in Muay Thai, said dangerous practices were widespread. She wants a expedited coroner's enquiry. Jessica's Muay Thai gym has also backed the call for State Government action.
Combat commission chairwoman Cassandra Wright described her death as a "tragic incident which has impacted the entire combat sports industry". The commission advised against dehydration methods and highlighted the dangers. Guidelines recommend good nutrition and exercise to lose weight.
Wright said: "... this is a complex issue that is constantly under review and requires a considered approach that discourages contestants from large weight-cuts and changes the culture of the industry," she said.
Paddy Golden, the doctor, chief medical adviser to the CSC and an emergency medicine consultant, said acute water loss was "very dangerous".
"She was a fit young girl before the weight-cut," he said.
"I liken (weight-cutting) to putting a revolver to your head and spinning the chambers. The more weight loss that you have the more empty chambers you take away."
Grace Lindsay said her sister didn't like weight-cutting but felt she had to do it.
"When you don't make weight you're shamed for it, you didn't try hard enough, or you bit off more than you can chew and it's your fault," she said.
After collapsing, Jessica was found to have a galloping heart rate of 180 and was placed in an induced coma. Her mother described the cause as "extreme hydration" and said internal organs suffered "horrific" damage.
Jessica's own words are an important part of the debate, in understanding the mindset which can lead to such a tragedy.
In a blog, she described her beloved sport as "beautiful", "empowering" and "very addictive".
She also wrote: "If you're not committed to following a strict diet and exercise regime, you're not going to make weight. Not making weight is disrespectful to your opponent.
"Preparing for a fight will be one of the hardest things you will do in your life. Essentially you are putting your body through hell ... to get into a ring with someone whose goal is to hit you ... hard enough to be crowned the winner. To fight, you must be able to have the mental fortitude to overcome that."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on the trade dispute between China and the U.S. and plans for both sides to impose tariffs on each other's exports (all times local):
4:15 a.m.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the European Union will make every effort to avoid a trade war with the United States, but Washington needs to join in that effort.
President Donald Trump's administration has imposed tariffs on EU steel and aluminum imports and is mulling whether to add tariffs on cars, trucks and auto parts.
Advertisement
Merkel told the German parliament Wednesday: "It is worth every effort to try to defuse this conflict so that it doesn't turn into a real war, but of course there are two sides to that." She added that the good functioning of the world economy depends on countries working together as partners.
___
11:00 p.m.
U.S. authorities are allowing China's ZTE Corp. to resume some business with American companies, temporarily easing part of a ban imposed over the tech giant's exports to Iran and North Korea.
The Commerce Department's order this week follows a settlement under which ZTE agreed to pay a $1 billion fine, replace its executive team and hire U.S. compliance officers.
The order said ZTE will be allowed to conduct business with American companies to maintain existing telecom networks and mobile phones and to support security features. The suspension lasts through Aug. 1.
ZTE suspended most operations after it was banned in April from buying U.S. components and technology. The company had been paying American suppliers an estimated $1.8 billion annually.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new chemotherapy unit which will welcome its first patients from next month has been designed to offer a more ' peaceful and comfortable' environment.
Solihull Hospital's £2.2 million Solihull Haematology and Oncology Day Unit has been converted from the former Bruce Burns Unit at the hospital in Lode Lane and undergone four months of refurbishment to offer improved provision for cancer patients.
Around 50 new staff have been taken on and it will have its own entrance and garden area, designed with patient needs in mind.
Helen Domanski, lead nurse for the chemotherapy and acute oncology service, said: “I am absolutely delighted to see the new chemotherapy unit at Solihull.
“The Solihull Haematology and Oncology Day Unit aims to provide an enhanced environment for our patients.
“This will enable us to structure and streamline the service to ensure that patients receive their individual treatment pathways without delay, with additional supportive care when required, ensuring high quality care provision.
“We have had an excellent response to our recruitment drive, and look forward to meeting the new members of our team.”
Black Sabbath legend Tony Iommi, was recently named Patron of Ward 19 Charity, the dedicated cancer ward at Heartlands Hospital, and is supporting its campaign to raise £150,000 for an extension of cancer services at Solihull Hospital.
Tony said: "My friend was treated for cancer on Ward 19 and I went along with him on a few occasions to support him. I was blown away by the commitment of the staff on the ward, they're a fantastic team and I wanted to do something to support them.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
“It's fantastic that there is going to be a new facility at Solihull Hospital to treat patients with cancer, and I'd encourage everyone to support the Charity's campaign to help cancer patients across Birmingham and the West Midlands.”
Consultant Nikolousis Manos added: “Our aim is that the new unit will deliver the best treatment outcomes for our haematology and oncology patients in a state- of-the-art facility.”
There will be 24 patient treatment chairs initially but the Trust expect to provide 31 within three years
Previously chemotherapy patients were treated on Ward 19 at Heartlands Hospital or at the Sheldon Unit at Good Hope and patients with more complex needs will still be given chemotherapy at Heartlands.
The NHS is marking its 70th anniversary this year.
A team led by New Zealand scientists think they've found a vital clue to developing the first treatment for Huntington's Disease.
The debilitating neurological disorder can lead to extensive loss of control over bodily movement, dementia and psychological disturbance and eventually premature death.
It directly affects one every 10,000 people and there is no treatment for it.
Now, international researchers led Professor Russell Snell and Dr Renee Handley, of the University of Auckland's School of Biological Sciences and Centre for Brain Research, have pinpointed one of the very earliest changes in the brain that results in the disease.
Advertisement
Their work, just published in prestigious scientific journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, identified elevated levels of the chemical urea in the brain of a transgenic sheep model, which matches those of human brains affected by Huntington's.
Because it is known that neurons are lost in the brain before any symptoms of Huntington's show, the long-term research focus of the group has been to determine the first biochemical change caused by the gene that leads to the cell death.
Results from the five-year study show that the Huntington's sheep model, which is symptom-free but carries the mutant form of the human huntingtin gene, have the same increase in urea in the brain as the post-mortem brains of people who have died of Huntington's.
Urea is a naturally occurring chemical in the body, produced from ammonia. Both are normally excreted as they are toxic to cells.
"Genetic disorders of the urea system result in increased levels of ammonia and urea, causing severe neurological symptoms," Handley said.
The findings clearly pointed to brain urea, or ammonia, as a therapeutic target for Huntington's disease.
"What gives us hope is that treatments already exist for reducing urea and ammonia in the brain.
"These could very simply be tested in Huntington's disease, initially using our sheep model."
Snell was part of the international team that identified the gene mutation that causes Huntington's in 1993.
"The next step, which we have already begun, is testing how we might treat Huntington's disease with this knowledge.
"It is a terrible disorder, devastating for families and our focus is on discovering a therapy as quickly as possible."
Meanwhile, the first drug targeting the cause of Huntington's disease was found to be safe and well-tolerated in its first human trial.
University College London (UCL) scientists have been monitoring a human clinical trial of a drug that successfully lowered the level of the harmful huntingtin protein in the nervous system.
After more than a decade in pre-clinical development, this first human trial of huntingtin-lowering drug began in late 2015, with sponsorship by Ionis Pharmaceuticals.
The trial involved enrolling 46 patients with early Huntington's disease at nine study centres in the UK, Germany and Canada.
Each patient received four doses of either IONIS-HTTRx or a placebo, given by injection into the spinal fluid to enable it to reach the brain.
As the phase trial progressed, the dose of IONIS-HTTRx was increased several times, according to the ascending-dose trial design.
"The results of this trial are of ground-breaking importance for Huntington's disease patients and families," said Professor Sarah Tabrizi, director of University College London's Huntington's Disease Centre.
"For the first time a drug has lowered the level of the toxic disease-causing protein in the nervous system, and the drug was safe and well-tolerated.
"The key now is to move quickly to a larger trial to test whether the drug slows disease progression."
Finance Ireland, the country's largest non-bank lender in the retail market, is considering entering the mortgage market as it assesses ways to further diversify its business after its pre-tax profit soared 226 per cent last year to €8.3 million.
The development comes as the company, set up in 2002 by former Permanent TSB chief executive Billy Kane, finalises a €30 million share placement that values the business at €105 million before the fresh money.
The Ireland Strategic Investment Fund and US investment giant Pimco, who previously invested a combined €55 million in Finance Ireland between 2015 and 2016, are lined up to acquire all the equity being issued in the current fundraising, according to a source.
Finance Ireland, which competes in leasing to small and medium-sized enterprises (SME), motor finance and agri-finance, saw it new lending rise by 43 per cent to €435 million last year, driven by a surge in lending in its fledgling commercial real-estate business, according to the company's latest set of annual figures.
The company's total loan portfolio rose by 58 per cent last year to €668 million. The company has more than 100 shareholders, including staff.
Mr O'Kane told reporters at a briefing on Friday that the company will decide by the end of April whether to proceed with an entry to the mortgage market. Any such business would be through the broker channel, would focus on owner-occupiers and rely on funding from a third party. The executive would not identify what potential financers the company is in talks with.
The company entered real-estate lending in 2016 and currently has a portfolio of about €175 million, focusing on loans of between €1 million and €10 million to investors and professional landlords.
Commercial property
The company plans to refinance its commercial property loan book this year by the issuance of bonds in capital market in a deal known as securitisation. It may be the first commercial real-estate securitisation in Ireland in a decade.
The motor finance division, an intermediary for UK merchant bank Close Brothers in the Republic, delivered a 70 per cent increase in profit last year, even as new loans to the market increased by only 5 per cent.
Frank Donnellan, managing director of the motor business, branded First Auto Finance, said that while the new car market has been softer in Ireland in the first few months of 2018, its business funding imported car sales carried out through dealerships is performing strongly.
Mr Donnellan said that 15 per cent of the motor book is made up of personal contract purchase (PCP), a form of hire purchase plan which has surged in popularity as a form of financing a car purchase in recent years but has come under the spotlight of competition authorities on both sides of the Irish Sea in recent times.
Mr Donnellan said that while PCP has its uses as a potentially low-cost source of car financing, he added: “If you are doing high mileage, stay away from it.”
Querrey hadn't even won a single match at Roland Garros since 2014 until beating Frances Tiafoe in the first round.
Querrey has been as far as the third round in Paris just once in 12 appearances.
___
6:50 p.m.
A young American man trying an underhanded serve while cramping during a five-setter at the French Open. Hmmmm. Seen that before, haven't we? Except, unlike for 1989 champion Michael Chang, the unusual strategy didn't help result in a victory for Jared Donaldson against Grigor Dimitrov.
The fourth-seeded Dimitrov came back to beat the 21-year-old Donaldson 6-7 (2), 6-4, 4-6, 6-4, 10-8 in a second-round marathon that lasted 4 hours, 19 minutes on Court 18 at Roland Garros.
When it ended, Dimitrov leaned forward while raising each knee to give it a kiss — perhaps thanking his legs for carrying him to the win while Donaldson's gave way.
Donaldson, who is ranked 57th, was actually two points from winning when he led 6-5 in the fifth and got to love-30 on Dimitrov's serve. But Dimitrov took the next four points to hold for 6-all.
Dimitrov broke to lead 8-7 and served for the victory, but Donaldson broke right back.
In the next game, though, Donaldson could barely stand, let alone move well.
He double-faulted. Then he tried an underhand serve — not his first of the match, either — and lost the point.
Dimitrov hit a winner to break for a 9-8 edge, Donaldson slowly limped to the sideline for the changeover, and soon enough, it was over.
Chang famously used an underhand service motion while cramping during a fourth-round win against Ivan Lendl on the way to the French Open title 29 years ago.
___
6:30 p.m.
Kei Nishikori has rallied past local favourite Benoit Paire to reach the third round of the French Open for the fourth consecutive year.
The 19th-seeded Japanese player needed nearly three hours on Court Philippe Chatrier to win 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 against the Frenchman.
"He was attacking every shot," Nishikori said. "He has one of the best touches on the Tour, it was fun to play him and also a difficult match today."
___
6:15 p.m.
Second-seeded Alexander Zverev trailed by a set and a break — and was down a broken racket, too — before eventually collecting himself and coming back to beat 60th-ranked Dusan Lajovic of Serbia 2-6, 7-5, 4-6, 6-1, 6-2 in the French Open's second round.
Zverev equaled his best showing at Roland Garros; he also reached the third round two years ago.
If the 21-year-old German is going to get to the round of 16 he'll need to do something he never has at a Grand Slam tournament: defeat a player ranked in the top 50. Zverev's next match comes against 26th-seeded Damir Dzumhur.
Lajovic lost his eighth consecutive match that stretched to five sets.
___
5:10 p.m.
Serena and Venus Williams have won their first Grand Slam doubles match in nearly two years.
The sisters moved into the second round of the French Open by coming back for a 4-6, 6-4, 6-1 victory over the 14th-seeded Japanese pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato in front of a Court 3 crowd that raucously supported the Americans.
The Williams-Williams duo last competed at a major tournament together at Wimbledon in 2016. They won their 14th Grand Slam title in women's doubles at the England Club.
This return to doubles came a day after Serena Williams participated in Grand Slam singles for the first time in 16 months, winning her first-round match at Roland Garros. Venus Williams lost in the first round of singles on Sunday.
___
3:50 p.m.
Jeremy Chardy first wasted a two-set lead and then bounced back to beat 17th-seeded Tomas Berdych to reach the second round of the French Open.
Chardy led by two sets when their match was stopped by darkness on Tuesday, but Berdych mounted a comeback when they returned. Chardy played well in the decider and broke Berdych twice to advance with a 7-6 (5), 7-6 (8), 1-6, 5-7, 6-2 win.
"At two sets all, it was difficult in my head, and physically, too," said Chardy, who had never beaten Berdych in five previous matches. "I fought hard, all my body was shaking."
___
3:25 p.m.
Former French Open champion Novak Djokovic posted another straight-set win to reach the third round of the clay-court tournament.
Facing Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar, the Serb delivered a solid display to prevail 7-6 (1), 6-4, 6-4 and move into the third round for the 13th time.
Djokovic, who underwent right elbow surgery earlier this year, is the 20th-seeded player in Paris, his lowest Grand Slam seeding since the 2006 U.S. Open.
___
3:10 p.m.
The Williams sisters are back in Grand Slam doubles action for the first time in nearly two years.
A day after Serena Williams made her return to singles play at a major following a 16-month absence, winning her first-round match at the French Open, she is out on Court 3 at Roland Garros alongside her older sister, Venus.
They are facing the 14th-seeded pairing of Shuko Aoyama and Miyu Kato of Japan.
The American siblings, owners of 14 Grand Slam doubles titles, received a wild-card entry. They haven't played doubles together at a major since winning Wimbledon in 2016.
Serena Williams hadn't competed at any Grand Slam tournament since the Australian Open in January 2017. She gave birth to a daughter last September.
___
1:20 p.m.
Marco Trungelliti's long, strange trip as a French Open "lucky loser" has come to an end with a second-round exit.
Trungelliti is the 190th-ranked Argentine who headed home to Barcelona after losing in qualifying at Roland Garros, then drew headlines for making the 10-hour, 650-mile (1,000-kilometre) drive back to Paris in a rental car with his 88-year-old grandmother, mother and brother once he found out he could get into the main draw.
He then won his first-round match.
But Trungelliti was beaten Wednesday by 72nd-ranked Marco Cecchinato of Italy 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-1 in a match that lasted just under 2 hours.
Still, Trungelliti leaves with 79,000 euros (about $90,000) in prize money — and a great story to tell.
___
12:50 p.m.
Top-ranked Simona Halep put aside a terrible start and came back to claim 12 of the last 14 games, beating 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States 2-6, 6-1, 6-1 to reach the second round of the French Open.
It was the last match of the tournament's opening round.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, played poorly in the first set, with only four winners and 16 unforced errors. But she had 16 winners and 12 unforced errors the rest of the way, while Riske made more and more mistakes.
___
12:30 p.m.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova is through to the third round of the French Open, making light work of 91st-ranked Lara Arruabarrena of Spain in a 6-0, 6-4 win on Court 1.
The eighth-seeded Kvitova lost in the second round last year when she was coming back to the tour after a knife attack in her home in 2016 that left her needing surgery on her left hand, her playing hand.
The Czech player made the semifinals at Roland Garros in 2012.
___
12:20 p.m.
Simona Halep has turned things around in her first-round match at the French Open and is headed to a third set against 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
After dropping the first set 6-2 at Court Philippe Chatrier, Halep grabbed 19 of the first 22 points en route to a 5-0 lead in the second, which she eventually took 6-1.
Halep, the runner-up at Roland Garros in 2014 and a year ago, cleaned up her game in the second set, with only five unforced errors after making 16 in the opener. Riske, meanwhile, had only two winners and 12 unforced errors in the second set.
___
12 p.m.
Top-seeded Simona Halep is in trouble in her weather-delayed first-round match at the French Open, losing the first set 6-2 to 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States.
Riske raced to a 5-0 lead and then broke Halep again in the eighth game to take the set.
In their only previous meeting on clay, in Rome in 2015, Halep dropped only three games in a 6-3, 6-0 victory. But Riske is giving the Romanian a far tougher test this time.
___
11:20 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 4 of the French Open, with top-seeded Simona Halep facing 83rd-ranked Alison Riske of the United States in the last remaining match of the women's first round.
The encounter on Court Philippe-Chatrier was postponed from Tuesday amid gathering evening storms.
Halep, a two-time finalist at Roland Garros, needs to reach the semifinals or better this year to have a chance of holding onto her No. 1 ranking. She won both of her previous matches against Riske.
On the men's side, 2016 champion Novak Djokovic will face qualifier Jaume Munar of Spain in the second round.
The second-seeded players in both the men's and women's draws, Alexander Zverev and Caroline Wozniacki, will also be in action.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Islamic State claimed responsibility on Monday for a New Year's Day mass shooting in a packed Istanbul nightclub that killed 39 people, an attack carried out by a lone gunman who remains at large.
The jihadist group made the claim in a statement on one of its Telegram channels, a method it has used to claim attacks in the past. There was no immediate comment from Turkish officials.
“In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday,” the statement said.
Nato member Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against Islamic State and launched an incursion into Syria in August to drive the radical Sunni militants from its borders.
The authorities believe the assailant may be from a Central Asian nation and suspect he had links to Islamic State, Turkey's Hurriyet newspaper said. Police distributed a hazy black-and-white photo of the alleged attacker taken from security footage.
The shooting at the Reina nightclub on the shores of Istanbul's Bosphorus waterway shook Turkey as it tries to recover from a failed July coup and a series of deadly bombings in cities including Istanbul and the capital Ankara, some blamed on Islamic State and others claimed by Kurdish militants.
Some people jumped into the Bosphorus to save themselves after the attacker began shooting at random just over an hour into the new year. Witnesses described diving under tables as he walked around spraying bullets from an automatic rifle.
Nationals of Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Lebanon, Libya, Israel, India, a Turkish-Belgian dual citizen and a Franco-Tunisian woman were among those killed, officials said. Saudi newspaper al-Riyadh said five of the dead were from Saudi Arabia.
ADVERTISEMENT
Security services had been on alert across Europe for new year celebrations following an attack on a Christmas market in Berlin that killed 12 people. Only days ago, an online message from a pro-Islamic State group called for attacks by “lone wolves” on “celebrations, gatherings and clubs”.
Meanwhile, a massive manhunt is under way across Istanbul to capture the perpetrator of the attack.
After shooting a police officer and a civilian outside the club in Istanbul's central Ortakoy district, the assailant entered the venue and unloaded hundreds of rounds into a crowd of between 600 and 700 people celebrating the start of the new year.
The perpetrator is thought to have fled the Reina nightclub along with patrons as they ran out of the seaside venue. Authorities have not commented on whether the man may be connected to terrorist groups.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said that Turkey, which is facing the twin threat of Kurdish separatists and Islamic State jihadists, would continue to fight terrorism.
“They are trying to create chaos, demoralise our people, and destabilise our country with abominable attacks which target civilians . . . Turkey is firm on doing whatever it takes to protect its citizens' safety and peace in the region. Turkey will stand together and not give passage to the dirty games of terrorists,” he said on Sunday.
Turkey has suffered a drastic rise in the number of terrorist attacks in recent weeks, with a bombing by Kurdish separatists at Besiktas stadium on December 10th killing 45 people, mostly riot police. A Turkish security guard who survived the December 10th attack was killed by the gunman at the nightclub, local media reported.
Foreign partygoers made up the majority of the casualties at the Reina club, which for a decade has been popular with international visitors to the city. Seven Saudi nationals in addition to four people from Iraq, three Jordanians, two each from India and Tunisia, as well as citizens of Israel, Syria, Lebanon, Canada and Belgium died in the attack that took place at 1.15am on Sunday morning. Four people are said to remain in a critical condition in hospital.
Reuters
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The days of anonymously browsing popular porn websites in the privacy of your own home will soon be over.
Four of the most prominent sites, including Pornhub and YouPorn, will ask users to sign up with their names and addresses, from April.
It's when the Digital Economy Act 2018 comes into force, as part of the Government's efforts to block under-18s from viewing porn on the internet.
Information including names, phone numbers, addresses and dates will be stored as part of a new age-restricted products system called AgeID, reports MirrorOnline.
(Image: Getty)
Which basically means if you want to access a porn site, you'll need to create a username and password first.
The laws have targeted porn giant Mindgeek, which operates the following sites - all of which will now require your name and address:
PornHub
RedTube
YouPorn
Brazzers
Unsurprisingly, some other porn providers aren't too happy about it.
"You can imagine how much data that is going to give MindGeek, if they're going to have stats on what people click on, what porn sites people click on, what they pay for," said porn site owner Pandora Blake at an Open Rights Group meeting in London last year.
"Once you've got a MindGeek login, you're going to be giving them your entire web browsing history, because they're going to be able to track every time you log in to anything."
(Image: Getty)
Privacy campaigners are naturally concerned about what might happen in the event of a security breach. Last month, VR porn site SinVR was hacked and the details of 20,000 users were stolen.
But Mindgeek says that the new AgeID platform has been built from the ground up to protect user's privacy and be fully compliant with GDPR.
poll loading Will the restrictions stop you from browsing internet porn? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
"We do not store any personal data entered during the age-verification process,” a spokesperson said.
"Due to the encrypted nature of AgeID's login credentials, such data cannot be exposed in the unlikely event of a hack."
These new age verification rules will be policed by the British Board of Film Classification (BBFC) which also polices the age ratings that are given to mainstream films.
Jim Killock, executive director of the privacy group Open Rights Group said: "The BBFC will struggle to ensure that Age Verification is safe, secure and anonymous.
"They are powerless to ensure people's privacy."
Perhaps it's because our future selves are strangers to us that we generally find it difficult to picture them, to see them earning and having to make repayments on what we buy today. If saving feels like giving money away to someone we don't know, why would taking on debt be any different? 'Someone else' (read: future you) will pay for it.
What we're really doing when we borrow is spending 'future dollars' – money that we'll earn in the years to come. We take yet-to-be cash flow and use it ahead of time.
This may or may not be what's best for us – no judgement here – but it helps to think of it as spending our own future dollars to make sure.
Is it worth it?
Some things will make more sense to borrow for than others. Student borrowing, which is meant to create better options for future income, is an obvious candidate. And since practically none of us walk around with hundreds of thousands in our back pockets for a house, it makes sense to find a home as soon as possible and borrow to live in it. These can be good uses of future dollars now.
Advertisement
Other things not so much. Many of the things that wind up lingering on our credit cards (holidays, groceries, petrol) would be better paid with cash we hold now.
Why overcommit our future selves when there may be much more pressing uses for money down the line?
Here come the costs
All this talk about spending future dollars is even before we consider all the costs that come with borrowing. These just end up increasing debt's drag, slowing down our future selves even further.
Interest tops the list, whether it's at the low end, like mortgages (hovering around 5 per ceent), or up higher with credit cards (typically close to 20 per cent). We then go into nosebleed territory with some peer-to-peer loans (30 per cent) and end – hopefully – with the robber barons of the lending landscape: the payday people (some of whose loans charge north of 500 per cent when annualised).
But what doesn't always get factored in are the myriad fees that come with borrowing too: establishment fees, annual fees... A high-end credit card, for example, can cost $1,200 a year just to use! (The perks better be worth it.)
Whether interest or fees, someone down the line (future you) will need to pay these costs. Sorted's debt calculator can help you factor them in and calculate how much weight you're piling on your future self to carry.
Miss a repayment, all hell breaks loose
What happens if our future selves can't handle the repayments and the costs? We tend to be optimists, but circumstances change, so it helps to have a plan in place. Mortgage insurance, for example, is fit for this purpose.
On the riskier side of the borrowing spectrum, I am simply gobsmacked by what happens when payments get missed. Defaulting on a payday or car loan, for example, can mean all sorts of added costs get whacked on: default fees, call fees, letter fees, default interest rates.
The load on the borrower's future only increases, and the loan amount owed can end up ballooning instead of ever coming down. It's what I call the "tick, tick, boom" effect – when putting things on tick can end up exploding on you.
Which is something I'd never wish on anyone… whether it's our present or future selves.
Get Sorted is written by Sorted's resident blogger, Tom Hartmann (@TomHartmannNZ). Check out the guides and tools from Sorted – brought to you by the Commission for Financial Capability – at sorted.org.nz.
As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unravelling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, both of whom have since left the administration.
This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said.
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes, McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship, according to the official. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions.
Advertisement
But Trump pushed back. Although he gave no indication he was about to order up military plans, he pointed to what he considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region, according to the official, like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
The idea, despite his aides' best attempts to shoot it down, would nonetheless persist in the president's head.
The next day, August 11, Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a "military option" to remove Maduro from power. The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief.
But shortly afterward, he raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, according to the U.S. official. Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonising Trump confirmed the report.
Then in September, on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump discussed it again, this time at greater length, in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos, the same three people said and Politico reported in February.
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it wouldn't play well, but the first thing the president said at the dinner was, "My staff told me not to say this."
Trump wanted to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship.
Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they didn't want a military solution, according to the official, who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure.
Eventually, McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion, the official said.
Taken together, the behind-the-scenes talks, the extent and details of which have not been previously reported, highlight how Venezuela's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration.
But critics say it also underscores how his "America First" foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries.
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations. But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela's democracy and bring stability.
Under Trump's leadership, the U.S., Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials, including Maduro himself, over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
The U.S. has also distributed more than $30 million to help Venezuela's neighbours absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country.For Maduro, who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves, Trump's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation.
Within days of the president's talk of a military option, Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn "Emperor" Trump's belligerence, ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Nicolas Maduro, the president's son, at the government-stacked constituent assembly. "If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump," the younger Maduro said.
"We will take the White House."
H.R. McMaster had to pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion.
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump's sabre rattling. Santos, a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro, said an invasion would have zero support in the region.
The Mercosur trade bloc, which includes Brazil and Argentina, issued a statement saying "the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy" and repudiating "any option that implies the use of force.
"But among Venezuela's beleaguered opposition movement, hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased. A few weeks after Trump's public comments, Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann, a former Venezuelan planning minister, wrote a syndicated column titled "D Day Venezuela," in which he called for a "coalition of the willing" made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly.
Mark Feierstein, who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela, however commendable, won't loosen Maduro's grip on power if it's not accompanied by pressure from the streets.
However, he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralised after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths, and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile.
"People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says," Feierstein, who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group, said of Trump's talk of military invasion of Venezuela.
"The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans, many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them."
MEDIA RELEASE
Big Island police are asking for the public's assistance in identifying two male suspects responsible for a home invasion robbery which occurred at a home in the Orchidland subdivision in Puna early this morning, (July 3).
Police were called to the residence at about 4 a.m. and learned that two masked men, each brandishing a firearm, had broken into the home and confronted the couple as they lay asleep. One of the men demanded they open a safe which was in another room of the residence. After the safe was opened, the suspects took the ten firearms and U.S. currency from within and fled the scene in the victims' white 2012 Toyota Tundra bearing Hawaii license plates ZEN-009. The truck may have damage to its front and roof resulting from the suspects striking the garage door and front gate to the home as they left.
The suspects were described as sounding local, between 5-feet-5-inches to 5-feet-8-inches, one was about 150 pounds and the other about 225 pounds. They were last seen wearing black coats, dark pants, and hats.
Neither victim sustained any physical injuries during this incident.
Among the firearms taken were several semi-automatic pistols, shotguns, high-powered rifles and a 7mm rifle. Also taken was approximately 4,000 rounds of live ammunition for these firearms.
The investigation is being conducted by detectives assigned to the department's Criminal Investigation Section. Anyone who may have any information regarding this incident is asked to call Detective BJ Sagon at (808) 961-2375 or the police non-emergency number at (808) 935-3311.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
2:09
U.F.O.s: What does the government know?
1:25
How Arkansas's execution drugs work, and sometimes don't
2:20
Russian President Vladimir Putin visited a Russian military air base in Syria on Monday and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the country.
Putin made a stopover at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt.
The base, in the heartland of Syrian President Bashar Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
Speaking to the Russian troops at the base, Putin said that he had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria. He added in remarks carried by Russian news agencies that "if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Syrian state TV said that Ashar Assad met up with Putin at the air base in Syria earlier in the morning. The Russian military has said previously that they will maintain their presence at the Hemeimeem air base and the naval facility in Tartus.
The visit marks Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as Assad's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under the Russian air cover.
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria on Sept. 30 2015 when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse and helped change the course of the conflict in its favor.
Putin's visit follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq.
- AP
Walls had 57 career interceptions and was named first-team All-Pro three times, as well as four Pro Bowl nods.
Longtime Dallas Cowboys cornerback Everson Walls fell short of the Hall of Fame after making it to the finals in his final year of eligibility.
Team Walls!! Thanks for all of your love and support but we will not make the HOF this year. Let's start the 2019 campaign ASAP! Y'all really came through for ya boy! Amazing support and love!
All HOF finalists who fell short rode same bus to honor event. “It was a little depressing,” Everson Walls said, noticing the condensation on the windows of the bus. “I thought, man, this bus is fogging up with despair.”
Everson Walls had to inform Roger Staubach & Deion Sanders he didn't make the HOF when he arrived at honor's event. “They expressed their love and disappointment,” Walls said. “They were there to commiserate.”
The process gets a bit murky now for Walls. He now goes into a deep pool of senior players, making it extremely difficult to get back to this point, writes SportsDay Cowboys insider David Moore.
The list of accomplishments is long. Walls is the only cornerback in league history to lead the NFL in interceptions in three seasons. He had 11 interceptions as a rookie in 1981 -- no player has matched that total since -- and 57 for his career.
Walls won a Super Bowl with the New York Giants. He called the defensive plays that day and made the tackle on Buffalo's Thurman Thomas that led to the missed field goal that ensured the Giants victory.
To read Moore's article in its entirety, which includes thoughts from former San Francisco 49er Dwight Clark, who will forever be tied to the legacy of Walls, and New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick, who says he "loved" coaching Walls and is "very deserving of the Hall of Fame, click here.
More Everson Walls Hall of Fame
'Rules were made to be broken': The unlikely lesson ex-Cowboy Everson Walls carried through career on brink of Hall of Fame
The revelation about Bill Belichick, Parcells that ex-Cowboy Everson Walls says 'totally blew me away'
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Schools have been urged to consider banning pupils from heading footballs during training sessions to protect children from brain injuries.
Former World Rugby medical adviser Barry O'Driscoll urged headteachers to “seriously think” about imposing the policy on safety grounds.
He spoke after new findings suggested footballers who repeatedly headed the ball could suffer dementia in later life.
The daugher of West Bromwich Albion legend Jeff Astle – whose death was linked to heading old-fashioned, heavy leather footballs – said the research was “not news” to her.
Dr O'Driscoll told the BBC: “I think, in soccer, the schoolboys now, they've got to seriously think about not heading the ball in practice.
“I think we've got to start looking at that, I think we've got to try and be a step ahead and not ten years behind, which is what always happened in the past.”
He spoke after a potential cause of dementia thought to arise from blows to the head was, for the first time, confirmed in a group of 14 retired footballers following a small study.
Signs of a condition which can cause dementia were found in four out of six group members whose brains were examined after their deaths.
All six had signs of Alzheimer's disease .
And 12 of the ex-players involved in the study eventually died of advanced dementia.
All began playing football and heading the ball when they were children or teenagers and continued for an average of 26 years.
Astle died of a degenerative brain disease aged just 59 in 2002.
His daughter Dawn demanded action following the new findings.
She told the BBC: “This is not new news to me or the other families of former footballers who are struggling with dementia.
“We all know the benefits of sport but brain damage must never be seen as an acceptable consequence
“It's too late for dad and too late for all these other players.
“But if it can help just one person, it will be worth it.”
A 24-year-old pregnant woman was shot during an apparent home invasion in the Preserve at Boynton Beach.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. - A pregnant woman was shot during an apparent home invasion Sunday night in Boynton Beach, police said.
Police were called to a shooting in the Preserve at Boynton Beach neighborhood shortly before 9:30 p.m.
Boynton Beach police spokeswoman Stephanie Slater said the woman was shot after returning home and finding two men inside her townhome.
Slater said the 24-year-old woman, who was five months pregnant, was taken to a hospital in critical but stable condition.
Police are still searching for the armed intruders.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Mark Turnbull (l) and Alexander Nix Source: Screengrab Channel 4 News
A SECRETIVE DATA intelligence firm most commonly associated with Donald Trump's successful campaign for the US presidency has this evening been the subject of a new report suggesting the firm used ‘dirty tricks' to swing elections around the globe.
A Channel 4 News undercover report on Cambridge Analytica (CA), the firm currently battling reports that it harvested the private Facebook data of 50 million US voters prior to the 2016 presidential election, saw company executives allegedly saying they could entrap politicians using bribes or compromising situations involving sex workers.
In the investigation, which took place between November 2017 and January of this year, a Channel 4 reporter, posing as a Sri Lankan seeking to influence elections in his own country, met with CA executives including embattled CEO Alexander Nix.
Nix said that the secretive British firm campaigns beneath the radar in election all across the globe, often disguising its presence using front companies or by engaging sub-contractors.
At one meeting, Nix appears to allude to coercion via damaging association by the use of call girls saying he could “send some girls around to the candidate's house”, adding that Ukrainian girls “are very beautiful, I find that works very well”.
Leverage
The idea of using evidence of accepting bribes as leverage against an adversary is also alluded to by Nix:
“We'll offer a large amount of money to the candidate, to finance his campaign in exchange for land for instance, we'll have the whole thing recorded, we'll blank out the face of our guy and we post it on the internet.”
Managing director of CA, Mark Turnbull, meanwhile describes how the utilisation of damaging material on political opponents is an effective tactic at another meeting:
We just put information into the bloodstream of the internet, and then watch it grow, give it a little push every now and again… it has to happen without anyone thinking ‘that's propaganda'.
The report is set to turn an already fraught situation for Cambridge Analytica into a media frenzy, with the firm very much in the public eye since former-employee-turned-whistleblower Christopher Wylie recently went on record for UK newspaper The Observer and described how the company had worked for Trump's campaign by utilising private Facebook data.
Presidential race
Channel 4′s reporting on the topic is set to continue tomorrow with an in-depth look at CA's involvement in the 2016 American presidential race.
In the wake of this evening's programme, Cambridge Analytica released a statement suggesting that the meetings with the company's executives were examples of them attempting to “tease out any unethical or illegal intentions” on the part of the reporter.
“We use meetings like this to make an informed decision about those whom we should or shouldn't engage with,” the statement said.
However CEO Alexander Nix acknowledges that on this occasion he misjudged the situation.
Nix himself is then quoted:
“In playing along with this line of conversation,. and partly to spare our ‘client' from embarrassment, we entertained a series of ludicrous hypothetical scenarios,” he said.
Is your washing machine getting stopped repetitively while in operation? Looking for emergency washing machine repair in your locality? Then, you can rely on Appliance Repair Experts, a company that is experienced enough to handle any type or brand of washing machine. All you require is calling them up and they will send the most skilled, qualified, and insured technicians at your doorstep on the same day you ask them for the service.
Why choose Appliance Repair Experts
There are several reasons for choosing Appliance Repair Experts among all other service providers in Toronto. Read them one by one below:
1. The company has many years of experience in offering a standard job with better labour warranty that makes them different from other companies. Unlike the other competitors, they will offer 6 months warranty alongside extended warranty packages of their services as well.
2. If you check their websites or different online review sites, you will find positive reviews given by all happy and satisfied customers of the company.
3. This company is well-known for offering reasonable services and you will be given the precise quote before the work starts, so there will be no hidden charge on the final bill.
4. For emergency purposes, you can opt for the same day washing machine repair service offered by the company.
5. In case you are not satisfied with their appliance repair services, you can drop them an email to manager@appliancerepairexpert.ca and they will assure to attend you and solve your issue within 1 day.
Common washing machine issues handled by Appliance Repair Experts
• Leaking
• Not draining
• Worn electrical wiring
• Banging noise
• Not spinning
• Motherboard control fail
• Not switching on
If you are encountering any of aforementioned problems, instead of browsing online with the phrase “washing machine repair service near me”, consider calling up the technicians of Appliance Repair Experts or visit them at https://appliancerepairexpert.ca.
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Buckwheat Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Homestead Organics, Birkett Mills, Galinta IR Partneriai, Wels Ltd., Krishna India, Ningxia Newfield Foods Co. Ltd., Ladoga LLC, UA Global Inc., Sichuan Huantai Industrial Co., Ltd., Jinan Jinnuoankang Biotech Co., Ltd..
The Buckwheat Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Buckwheat industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-buckwheat-market/10141/#requestforsample
The Buckwheat Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Buckwheat Market Products Type Segmentation : Unhulled Buckwheat, Raw Buckwheat, Roasted Buckwheat.
Buckwheat Market Applications Segmentation : Food Industry, Beverage Industry, Cosmetics Industry, Textile Industry, Others.
Key Highlights of the Buckwheat Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-buckwheat-market/10141/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Buckwheat market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A terminally ill woman who was diagnosed with progressive motor neurone disease is to use a Stephen Hawking-style voice technology to say her VOWS on her wedding day.
Valiant Angela Brown, 48, will muster the strength to walk down the aisle with her father David Robinson despite being wheelchair bound, and is even hoping to say “I do” herself in a brave show of defiance.
She will also pre-programme the rest of her wedding vows ahead of the big day with partner Tim Gates, 47, so that they can be played out through an iPad in a unique ceremony.
Angela said: “Given what we've all been through as a family over the last few months, it is going to be a poignant occasion, as well as a happy one.
“My speech is barely understandable to anybody now, although I can still hear my own voice in my thoughts and in my writing.
“I will keep battling to do the little things which now seem like big things and prove that no matter what MND throws at me, I am not about to call it a day just yet.
“There's no getting away from it; MND is a terminal illness but I do not want to give into it.”
Angela, a former learning assistant, was diagnosed with the progressive bulbar palsy form of motor neurone disease (MND) in April 2017 after developing a slurring in her speech.
Her diagnosis mainly affects the muscles of the face, throat and tongue, with early symptoms including slurring of speech or difficulty swallowing.
People with PBP have a life expectancy of between just six months and three years from onset of symptoms.
Angela's partner Tim Gates, a former royal mail worker, said: “We are so excited about the big day.
“We have planned the date to be the one year anniversary of Angela's first foreign holiday.
“The wedding has been planned for around eighteen months but with everything that has happened we haven't been able to set a date until recently.
“It has been a real rush over the past few weeks to be able to sort everything out but we can't wait.
“It is going to be such a great day.”
Angela, from Leeds, West Yorks., met Tim after they both graduated from Leeds University in 2012.
Tim said: “I got put in the wrong line at graduation and got speaking to Angela.
“A few months later I returned to the University to start a bachelors degree and I couldn't believe that she was in the same class.
“We got talking, got together and have been a couple ever since.
“I used to be quite shy in front of people but Angela saw past that and I can't wait to marry her.”
The couple is set to marry at Leeds Town Hall on August 26, with family and friends excited to be there on the big day.
One of Angela's daughters, Victoria, 22, said: “My mum is my absolute hero and her strength is amazing.
“We are so lucky to live at a time when this technology is available, so my mum isn't as trapped or lonely as she otherwise might be.
“MND is not all there is to live. It will not be all we live for. It will be on the side-lines, making every joyous moment even sweeter for us.”
Angela has been sharing her experience of living with MND through her blog (www.angie1926.wordpress.com) in a bid to raise awareness of the disease and help others who may be diagnosed with the condition.
Category: News
Straight seam high-frequency erw steel pipe has been continuously improved due to advances in technology for more than ten years, so that its application range has been rapidly expanded. Its main advantages are:
a. It does not add any chemical components during the welding process, and its welding quality depends mainly on the quality of the base metal. In recent years, due to the continuous improvement of the quality of hot rolled coils, the quality of the welds has been improved in the pipe making process. Even if the quality of the welds is slightly insufficient, the quality of the entire steel pipe will not be affected.
b. In recent years, due to the advancement of automation technology, the main parameters of resistance welding can be optimized by computer control, so that the welding quality is greatly improved.
c. Has a small residual stress and a high strength.
d. High geometric accuracy, easy to install on site, butt welds and anti-corrosion construction.
e. Short weld bead, which means improved reliability.
f. It has a price advantage, and its price is much lower than that of straight seam double-sided submerged arc welded steel pipe. However, due to the lack of weld quality in straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes, external anti-corrosion treatment is required.
In recent years, straight seam high-frequency electric resistance welded steel pipes have developed rapidly in China, and can produce DN400 steel pipes.
Actor Charlie Hunnam has broken one of the unspoken rules of Hollywood in a new interview: Don't publicly badmouth your ex.
The 37-year-old British born star, best known for his roles in TV series Sons of Anarchy and blockbuster Pacific Rim, opened up about his three-year marriage to actress Katharine Towne in a new interview reported by US Weekly.
READ MORE:
• Love twist: Bachelor host dated contestant
• The Kiwi guide to Coachella
The pair met way back in 1999 when they both auditioned for roles in the hit TV show Dawson's Creek. After a brief courtship of only a few weeks, they wed in a Las Vegas ceremony.
The couple stayed married for three years, but by 2002 it was all over.
Almost 15 years later, it seems Hunnam still winces at the memory. He describes how he and Towne decided to wed:
"First time I was ever in Vegas I got married, which didn't turn out that well. I had known the girl for three weeks. We had fallen madly in love and it was the first time I had ever been in love," he explained.
"We thought, 'What if we never see each other again? Let's get married and then we'll have to see each other again even if it's just to get divorced. So we came to Vegas, but I couldn't even get a drink so I actually didn't think I would be able to get married."
Continued below.
Related Content Why Charlie Hunnam is 'horrified' by kissing scenes Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx's relationship 'set to go public' Beyonce holidays in Bora Bora instead of Coachella
As Hunnam explains it, the resulting marriage sounds like it was a three-year disaster.
"Three terrible years," he said.
"Three terrible, painful, expensive years. I got the cats at the end of it, so that was good. There was a small victory."
Ouch. Hunnam's been in a - hopefully happier - relationship with artist Morgana McNelis since 2002, recently telling Men's Health magazine that he counts between-the-sheets time with his girlfriend of 14 years as part of his workout routine.
"I try to do it all. I also try to make love as often as I can. That's an important part of fitness. There's no reason you can't be active at 70," he said.
- news.com.au
TUNIS, Tunisia (AP) — Tunisia's Interior Ministry says a suspected extremist blew himself up in the Ben Guerdane area near the border with Libya following a standoff with police.
The man's identity hasn't been disclosed. The ministry said in a statement issued Monday that a second suspect was shot during an exchange of fire.
Authorities said the two were members of Jund al-Khilafa, an armed group which has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State.
Tunisia's security forces battled armed groups that attacked security and military sites in Ben Guerdane two years ago with the alleged goal of creating an emirate. Some of the groups crossed over from Libya.
Advertisement
Tunisian security forces killed more than 50 alleged attackers. More than a dozen officers and seven civilians also died.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kieran Gibbs has only been at West Bromwich Albion a matter of weeks, but he's already got a pretty good idea who the main man in the dressing room is!
Gibbs has been made to feel welcome by all his new teammates since joining from Arsenal for £5 million at the end of August.
But the defender reckons there's one player who has made a bigger impression than most.
"I think they're great lads," Gibbs said.
"Allan Nyom springs to mind when I think of people.
"For me he's the heart of the team at the moment.
"From what I can gather over the first few weeks he's the one getting people together more off the pitch.
"He's a really important character for the team."
Gibbs ended a 13-year association with Arsenal when he swapped north London for the Midlands.
But knowing a few Albion players before joining appears to have helped him settle so quickly.
"Obviously I've met a few of the boys before," Gibbs said.
"I knew Jay (Rodriguez) before from a few England set-ups. He obviously just signed this window
"So I get on well with him.
"Jake Livermore as well who I knew.
"Obviously Gareth Barry who I briefly knew before.
"It's a really good dressing room."
The world is facing tremendous increase in the incidence of diabetes mellitus, cardiac problems, and vitamin deficiency. For combating these challenges, cost-effective and complementary therapies are required. Diabetes has now been classified as a vascular disease and the cost of treating and controlling the micro-vascular component is a serious problem, specifically in developing countries. Niacinamide or nicotinamide is an essential vitamin and also an essential constituent of co-enzymes found in the mammalian systems. Nicotinamide is a member of the vitamin B complex. It is generally soluble in water.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/nicotinamide-market.html
Deficiency of nicotinamide can be initially observed with symptoms such as weakness, indigestion, lassitude, anorexia, and irritability, which can lead to diarrhea and dementia. The chemical name of nicotinamide is 3-pyridinecarboxamide. It can be directly synthetized by the human body. In human body, nicotinamide is easily absorbed by the gastro-intestinal (GI) tract. Major dietary sources of nicotinamide are meat, milk, and grains. Physically, nicotinamide is a solid powder with water solubility of 691–1000 grams/liter and vapor pressure of 31.4 hPa at room temperature.
Nicotinamide is a highly important ingredient used in food products to enhance their nutritional value. It is extensively used in bakery products, cereals, and beverages. It is also a type of dietary supplement. It is incorporated in supplements such as tablets and capsules. Nicotinamide is employed in cosmetics as a hair- and skin-conditioning agent. It is also used for the treatment of chronic schizophrenia, diabetes mellitus, and alcoholism. Nicotinamide is undergoing clinical trials for its antidiabetic and neuroprotective effects, so as to use it in pharmaceutical drugs.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20735
Nicotinamide can be synthesized by using 3-picoline. Nicotinic acid or amide can be selectively oxidized to form nicotinamide, with the production of a carboxyl derivative and a few byproducts. The production of nicotinamide can be intensified by enzymatic conversion or biosynthesis. Nicotinamide is extensively employed in a variety of processes carried out in pharmaceuticals, cosmeceuticals, animal nutrition, metal brighteners, and metal plating industries. Nicotinamide is used in pharmaceutical applications that are meant for maintaining healthy cholesterol levels and sound heart functioning in humans. The increasing demand for nicotinic acid for use in various dietary supplements, food products, and pharmaceuticals is driving the global market for nicotinamide.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new group has been launched by residents to save the city's River Gardens and improve how it looks "to put Derby on the map".
Concerns have been raised about the condition and the safety of the area following an alleged stabbing, a violent racist attack and reports of anti-social behaviour in the last few months.
Derby Telegraph readers have also expressed concern about the lack of lighting, the cleanliness of the area and how they say it feels abandoned.
Work on new paths for pedestrians and cyclists, tree planting and a small performance venue are due to begin in 18 months time, but locals want to see action sooner and hope they can make better use of the area by working with Derby City Council.
The idea has been brought about by David and Pauline Jennings, who live in an apartment in Full Street, which overlooks the gardens.
Mr Jennings said: "By forming this group of like-minded people we would like to give the River Gardens a tidy-up and make it a pleasant place to visit. While we have lived here we believe it has become dirtier and dirtier and more unused, even in the summer when it should be an attractive place for people to go and visit.
"We want to clean it up, give it a bit of love and attention and make it more welcoming. We want to work with the council on this and we have sent them details of our plans and risk-assestments. I've been doing quite a bit of research and there's a lot of people who want to help out.
"We can't wait to get started and save the area. We've spent many happy hours with our children and later grandchildren having a picnic with them in the gardens and looking at the fish in the river and relaxing.
"Then when the poppy sculpture was displayed at the Silk Mill there was an increase in the footfall along the path from the bus station. This side of the city seemed to have come alive. It could put Derby on the map.
"But since then it feels forgotten again. Many people during that time were from outside the city and did not know the River Gardens were here."
Mr Jennings said his plan has been inspired by looking at the gardens from his apartment. He added: "It's an absolutely stunning view. I just think it's looked a bit grubby recently. That whole idea just needs a spruce up.
"We'd tidy it up, keep an eye on it and we hope to add some extras. It's all about people power and working together. I think the city's missing a trick, it could be a jewel in the crown of the city centre."
The authority said the new work at the River Gardens was part of the authority's £95 million Our City Our River project, which is being undertaken to reduce flood risk in the city.
After calls for more CCTV, the authority said there were two CCTV cameras covering the River Gardens and three on the curtilage of the Council House which covers parts of the gardens.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest. (all times local):
1 p.m.
Defending champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut chomped down a record 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title at the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, takes home the coveted Mustard Belt and surpassed the previous mark of 72 dogs and buns he downed last year.
Advertisement
The heat wasn't a factor; the National Weather Service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees.
Miki Sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her down in winning the women's competition.
That didn't stop the Las Vegas eater from easily beating out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, who chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
___
11 a.m.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) downed 37 franks to win her fifth straight title in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest.
The Las Vegas competitor fell short of the 41 hot dogs she consumed last year but still beat out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down 28 wieners and buns.
Thousands of attendees braved 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 degrees to witness the annual July Fourth competition on the Coney Island boardwalk.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men's competition later Wednesday for the coveted Mustard Belt.
Sudo was a fan favorite, drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance, which was slightly delayed after she requested new water to soak her buns.
___
12:05 a.m.
It's frankly amazing.
Chowdown champions will face off Wednesday at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest, where the men's record stands at 72 frankfurters and buns in 10 minutes.
Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" Chestnut will confront 20 other men on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He set the record last year.
Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) is seeking a fifth women's title in a row. The 19-woman field includes record-holder Sonya "The Black Widow" Thomas.
Sudo downed 41 franks and buns last year. Thomas' record is 45, but she managed 30 last year.
The event attracts thousands of in-person spectators and is televised on ESPN.
Last year, animal rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were taken into custody for questioning and released.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You could be a millionaire without even realising it.
The National Lottery is searching for a 'secret millionaire' who has not yet claimed their prize.
As a result there is £1,000,000 from the Lotto Millionaire Raffle still up for grabs!
Every week Lotto Millionaire Raffle guarantees to create two millionaires – one on Wednesday and one on Saturday.
However, the lucky winner from the Lotto draw on Saturday April 7, 2018 has still to check their ticket and claim their prize.
Players in the borough of Stafford are being urged to check and double-check their unique Lotto Millionaire Raffle code for the chance to become an instant millionaire.
“We're eager to find the mystery ticket-holder and unite them with their winnings – this amazing prize could really make a huge difference to somebody's life," said Andy Carter, senior winners' advisor at The National Lottery.
"We're urging everyone who bought a Lotto ticket in this area to check their old tickets again or look anywhere a missing ticket could be hiding.
“Try checking in the pockets of clothing, in wallets, bags and down the back of the sofa – someone out there could literally be sitting on a fortune!
"We have the champagne on ice and our fingers crossed that the lucky winner comes forward to claim their win.”
For every Lotto line played, players automatically receive a Lotto Millionaire Raffle code printed on their ticket.
The winning code on April 7 was LIME 8780 2545 and the lucky ticket-holder has until October 4, 2018 to claim their prize.
Anyone who has any queries or who believes they have the winning ticket for any of the National Lottery draws within the 180-day deadline should call the National Lottery on 0333 234 5050 or email help@national-lottery.co.uk
Anyone not in possession of their ticket, for whatever reason, but who believes they have a genuine claim can still make a claim in writing to Camelot, but it must be within 30 days of the draw.
If no-one comes forward with the winning ticket before the prize claim deadline, then the prize money, plus all the interest it has generated, will go to help National Lottery-funded projects across the UK.
Players raise around £30 million for National Lottery-funded projects every week.
GREEN BAY, Wis. - Ty Mongtomery wasn't always a "small town" guy.
But it looks like Green Bay, and its diehard Packers fans, have turned him into one.
Montgomery shared his love for the city and his team in an article he penned for The Players' Tribune published Monday.
In the article, titled What Makes Green Bay Special, Montgomery shared his excitement about taking on a new role with the Packers at running back - although he doesn't like to call it a "transition."
"I look at it more as an evolution...a true utilization of my skill set," he wrote.
How Green Bay converted @TyMontgomery2 to a small-town guy for life. https://t.co/DoX9hdSb3Y — The Players' Tribune (@PlayersTribune) August 14, 2017
He also described what it's like to play with Aaron Rodgers, and how Rodgers has helped him adjust to his new role in the backfield.
"I get so much more than just guidance from Aaron in the backfield," Montgomery wrote. "I also get confidence. Aaron is so cerebral, and he sees the game in a way that I think only he can see it. He's a perfectionist, and he demands that others around him strive for perfection as well."
While football is the focus of Montgomery's article, he also shared his love for the fans, saying he and his wife love Green Bay because of the great people they've met.
"After living here, I don't know if I could go back to living in a big city," Mongtomery wrote. "I might be a small-town guy for life."
And Montgomery said he wants to stay in Titletown for a long time.
"I love it here in Green Bay, and I hope God's plan is for me to be a Green Bay Packer for life," he said.
To read Montgomery's full article, visit The Players' Tribune website here.
BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. (AP) " Hillary Clinton, Michelle Obama and Sen. Kamala Harris made surprise appearances at Women in Film's awards ceremony with special videos, while veteran newsman Dan Rather called the group's work toward gender parity in entertainment an example of "basic American decency, tolerance and generosity."
Comedian Jessica Williams hosted the unexpectedly patriotic Crystal + Lucy Awards Tuesday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel, where F-bombs flew freely and "Wonder Woman" earned applause anytime it was mentioned.
Clinton said she hadn't seen "Wonder Woman" yet, but planned to: "Something tells me that a movie about a strong powerful woman fighting to save the world from a massive international disaster is right up my alley," she said before introducing Crystal Award-winner Elizabeth Banks.
Lucy Award winner Tracee Ellis Ross was misty-eyed as she watched Obama describe her as brilliant and hilarious.
Advertisement
"Your character on 'Black-ish,' Bow, is an inspiration for folks all across this country," the former first lady said.
"Oh my goodness gracious," Ross said.
In accepting the award named for Lucille Ball, Ross said that "to be a part of reshaping what it is to be a modern woman through the face and being-ness of a joyful black woman is really special."
But she said she wonders why such representations are so few.
"Why are black women underrepresented in the stories that get told?" Ross asked, adding: "That question is not just a question for black women."
Robert Redford, who played Dan Rather in the 2015 film "Truth," presented the reporter with a humanitarian award.
Rather praised Women in Film for supporting equality, inclusion and fairness.
"In standing tall about these characteristic American values, you do our country " not just the film industry, but our country " great service far beyond what you may imagine," he said. "It is of tremendous value to our nation as a whole."
Oscar-winner Lupita Nyong'o introduced filmmaker Mira Nair, who received the Dorothy Arzner Director's Award. Producers Michael Barker and Tom Bernard received the inaugural Beacon Award: The co-founders of Sony Pictures Classics have released more than 60 films directed by women.
Actress Zoey Deutch received the Max Mara Face of the Future Award, which Banks received eight years ago.
"You get eight years before you get the Old Lady in the Business award, so good luck," Banks quipped.
She said movies and TV shows by and about women are important because media images shape popular perspectives.
"We are creating culture," she told the industry-heavy crowd. "We are sending messages out into the world, and those messages matter. Presenting strong independent women who have agency in TV and film, is really important " not just in this room, not just in our culture, but in global culture."
The annual Crystal + Lucy Awards raise funds for Women in Film's research and education programs.
Besides awards, the gala offered a look at some Women in Film's new initiatives, including the "Flip the Script" series of short videos premiering on YouTube Wednesday.
___
Follow AP Entertainment Writer Sandy Cohen at www.twitter.com/APSandy.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A student footballer has hit the big time after signing a one-year contract with Birmingham City as a defender.
Remeao Hutton scored his big break while playing for Hednesford Town FC's Academy, a training programme delivered by Sutton Coldfield College.
“I want to keep getting better as a player,” said the 18-year-old, also from Sutton Coldfield.
“Twelve months from now I want to have made it onto the first team's bench and shown everyone what I can do.”
Remeao completed a sports performance and excellence course at the college and was part of Hednesford Town Academy's first team.
“I first came across Remeao when he was four years old,” said his college coach, Nick Heath. “Even then his determination to be a successful footballer shone through
“It's rare to come across someone so driven and focused. Everyone at the college wishes him well.”
It was during a FA Youth Cup game involving Hednesford Town Academy and Tamworth Football Club Academy that Remeao was first talentspotted by Blues
“I completed a trial for them in March and haven't been away from the club since,” continued Remeao.
“In April I came on as a sub in an under-23s game against Bristol City and felt really comfortable playing at this level.
“The college has fully backed me through all this. They set up flexible lessons so I could commit to training sessions and keep up with coursework.”
FARSON-EDEN—The Farson-Eden Pronghorns football team will play an away conference game against the Meeteetse Longhorns this afternoon, Friday, October 6.
Season Records
The Pronghorns are going into the conference game with a number 2 ranking, and a 5-0 record. The Longhorns have a 3-2 record.
“They (Meeteetse) are a quality team that is much better than their record would indicate,” Farson head football coach Trip Applequist said. “We expect a very competitive game.”
Last year, the Pronghorns beat the Longhorns at home, 73-33.
Team Effort
Farson-Eden has had an undefeated season thus far, mainly due to the team's cohesiveness and their effort as a unit.
“We have gotten significant playing time from all of our players this season,” Applequist said. “Our success has truly been a team effort.”
The team took a hit when Cruz Lucero, linebacker and running back, got injured, but the team hopes he will return soon.
“He has missed a couple games already and will miss at least a couple more. He was our leading rusher prior to this injury, and we hope he recovers quickly and completely,” Applequist said.
Pronghorns Passing Game
In the past, Farson has primarily been a run team. In 6-man football, every player is eligible to run the ball except for the quarterback.
This season, the Pronghorns have been experimenting with formations and their pass game.
“We have tried some new formations this year with varying success,” Applequist said. “We have also been trying to pass the ball more so we have a more balanced offensive attack.”
The Season So Far
The Pronghorns opened their season with a win over Guernsy-Sunrise, 60-13.
The next week, they beat Burlington 45-43.
The Pronghorns won against St. Stephens 88-20.
They won against Ten Sleep 63-18.
Last week, Farson beat Dubois 73-20.
Farson will take on Meeteetse this week, Riverside at home on October 14, and will close their seasonal play with an away game against Little Snake River.
At the start of the season, Applequist expected their toughest match ups to be against Burlington, which was their closest game all season, and Little Snake River.
“All our remaining games are going to be battles, and we have to take it one week at a time,” Applequist said.
BLACKSBURG, Va. (AP) — When asked how important his team's latest victory was as far as building an NCAA Tournament resume, Miami coach Jim Larranaga refrained from typical coach-speak, especially that of the variety that one typically hears at this time of year.
“They're all worth one,” he said.
Miami added the latest one to its win total Saturday, getting a monster game from junior guard Anthony Lawrence II, who scored a career-high 25 points to help the Hurricanes secure an 84-75 road victory over Virginia Tech.
Lawrence hit 9 of 10 from the floor, including three 3-pointers, as Miami (17-5, 6-4 ACC) made the big shots down the stretch and used solid free-throw shooting to win its second straight game and fourth in its past five. Lonnie Walker IV and DJ Vasiljevic added 14 points each.
Balled out in Blacksburg. pic.twitter.com/aBVqdKPETU — Canes Hoops (@CanesHoops) February 3, 2018
Behind torrid first-half shooting — 58.6 percent (17 of 29) — Miami grabbed the early lead and led for the final 37 minutes. Virginia Tech (16-7, 5-5) used an 8-0 run to slice the lead to 66-63 on a layup by Justin Robinson with 3:51 remaining, but the Walker hit a clutch 3-pointer with 3:22 to go to push the lead to 69-63.
Robinson scored on another layup with 3:03 to go to trim the lead to 69-65, but Walker answered again. His tough turnaround jumper with 2:46 left pushed the lead to six, and Virginia Tech got no closer than four the rest of the way.
“He only had four or six points until there was about three minutes left in the game,” Larranaga said of Walker. “Then he took over. He ended very strong.”
The ‘Canes relied on something down the stretch that isn't their strength to hold off the Hokies — free-throw shooting. The ACC's worst free-throw shooting team coming into the game made 9 of 12 in the final 1:16. They hit 16 of 23 (69.6 percent).
Lawrence finished with his second straight double, grabbing a career-high 13 rebounds as well on a day in which Miami outrebounded Virginia Tech 41-28.
“I don't think, collectively, we played hard enough,” Virginia Tech coach Buzz Williams said. “We don't have a margin to overcome lack of toughness, lack of playing hard.”
Robinson led the Hokies with 22 points. Justin Bibbs had 16.
BIG PICTURE
Miami: Despite the loss of Bruce Brown Jr. (11.4 ppg, 7.1 rpg), who underwent surgery Thursday for a left foot injury that will keep him out six weeks, the ‘Canes quietly continue to put together a strong resume for NCAA Tournament consideration. They won their sixth true road game of the season, and if they get Brown back, they could be a tough out if they get in the tournament.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies had won three straight games to play their way into the NCAA Tournament discussion, but missed on an opportunity for a stronger case. Virginia Tech now has lost three conference games at home and faces a brutal schedule down the stretch that includes two games against Duke and games against Louisville and Virginia, as well as a rematch against Miami in Coral Gables.
DOWN — BUT CERTAINLY NOT OUT
Lawrence, whose previous career high of 19 came on Jan. 18 against Florida State, scored 15 of his points in the first half when Miami jumped out to a 16-point lead, but he wasn't feeling 100 percent. He spent most halftime trying to throw up, and yet he came out in the second half, made all three of his field-goal attempts, and scored 10 more.
“I don't know if he ever did (throw up),” Larranaga said. “We didn't start him in the second half because of that. I guess we're going to have to try and get him sick the next time out, too.”
SEARCHING FOR EFFORT
Williams wasn't particularly happy with his team's effort in the nine-point loss to the ‘Canes, especially that of a couple of upperclassmen. Ahmed Hill went scoreless for the first time this season, and Kerry Blackshear Jr. scored just two points after having scored in double figures in seven of the previous eight games. Williams compared the loss to the home loss against Florida State on Jan. 20 when the Seminoles shot 53.4 percent. Miami shot 50.9 percent Saturday in snapping the Hokies' three-game winning streak.
“We didn't handle our success very well, obviously, so I think maybe we know how to handle failure. We'll see,” Williams said. “We've proven that we know how to handle failure, but we haven't proven that we know how to handle success. That's what hurts. That's what's disappointing. We've lost three games at home. We've won three games on the road, which is more than we've ever won, so it's not as if it's not available.”
UP NEXT
Miami: The ‘Canes return home for a Wednesday game against Wake Forest.
Virginia Tech: The Hokies play NC State in Blacksburg on Wednesday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Reports of the death of the solar industry are greatly exaggerated. Yes, there have been some high-profile bankruptcies of U.S. solar companies — Solyndra, Evergreen, Spectrawatt — in 2011. But the solar industry as a whole is on a boom that is only going to increase in coming years. We are in the elbow of an exponential solar growth curve that is going to transform how we produce and use energy.
This is great news for all energy users and the planet.
Solar has reached scale as a global industry, growing from its first gigawatt of annual installations in 2005 (enough to provide power for about 200,000 California homes) to more than 28 gigawatts in 2011 (enough for almost 6 million homes), according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance projections. Cumulative installations will reach about 40 gigawatts by the end of 2011, enough power for 8 million homes.
Global solar power has grown an average of 68 percent each year over the last five years. This is a doubling literally every 1.3 years. So today's 40 gigawatts of capacity becomes, under the same growth rate, an astronomical 1.3 million gigawatts by 2030. Obviously, the recent rate of growth won't continue because, among other reasons, this is far more power than we need for the entire globe! But even if solar power's rate of growth drops in half to 35 percent over the next two decades, this produces a doubling every 2.3 years and we get 16,000 gigawatts (16 terawatts) by 2030 — almost as much as the entire world will need by then.
Is this realistic? This rate of growth will surely slow, for a variety of reasons, but the interconnection queue data from an indicative microcosm of the global market, California, suggests that we will see very robust growth for years to come. California's interconnection queue has far more than 50 gigawatts of solar projects waiting for interconnection (studies take some time and then upgrades must be built so the interconnection process can take many years sometimes). Many of these projects won't be built, for various reasons, but even if a third to a half of them get built we will see a dramatic increase in solar power in our state.
What about cost? A large part of why solar growth has been so strong in recent years is because prices have been declining dramatically in recent years. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, or LBNL, issues a solar power market report on the U.S. market each year. The latest report, released this month, shows that behind-the-meter solar project prices dropped almost by half between 1998 and 2010. The first half of 2011 saw yet another 11 percent drop in averages in California, the biggest market in the United States, to $5.7 per watt from $6.4.
Behind-the-meter solar is important but is dwarfed globally by utility-scale solar, and this emphasis on utility-scale solar will probably increase in coming years because of the dramatic price declines we've seen for solar. The public data for utility-scale solar is much less comprehensive but prices are far lower for this segment due to economies of scale. Utility-scale solar projects can be from one megawatt to many hundreds of megawatts, compared to a couple of kilowatts up to one or two megawatts for behind-the-meter projects.
Average U.S. installed costs for utility-scale solar in 2010 were between $3.8 per watt and $4.4 per watt, according to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. LBNL data show slightly higher costs in its limited data set (see below). I have reliable anecdotal data that suggest pricing for new projects to be completed in 2012 will be below $3 per watt, reflecting panel prices as low as $1.15 per watt! Time will tell if these last figures are accurate but the established declining cost trends over the last 10 years suggest they are.
What about grid parity? With all of these cost declines are we there yet? It depends. Grid parity depends, of course, on what grid is being considered. With federal tax benefits for solar (which apply also to nuclear power, for those who think commercial solar gets a leg up), utility-scale solar projects may be at grid parity now in California. I write “may be” because we have public data from very few completed utility-scale projects in California, so we can't yet compare price forecasts to actual prices. Such data will be available in the coming year or so for a number of new projects.
Many utility-scale solar contracts have been approved by the California Public Utilities Commission at prices below grid parity (the “Market Price Referent”), when the federal tax benefits are included, but these projects haven't been built yet. Again, we'll have to wait to see if these contracts result in real projects.
The trend is very clear, however: we are, if not already there, well on our way to solar grid parity in California and other areas of the country that have high electricity rates. While tax benefits are a substantial factor in the viability of solar projects today, this will change quickly as prices diminish further. And this trend will expand geographically very quickly because solar production is ramping up so quickly around the world — with the declining prices I've mentioned as the main benefit. My feeling is that by 2015-2020, solar projects in most Western states, Hawaii and New England, will be at grid parity even without any subsidies.
The Solyndra debacle is unfortunate and I look forward to learning more about what went wrong, including whether there was any wrongdoing by Solyndra or the White House. But the Solyndra story is a small part of the global solar story, which is one of the few extremely encouraging trends in the United States and world today. Massive solar growth will grow domestic jobs, increase energy independence, reduce greenhouse gas emissions and, as we make the transition to electricity as a fuel for transportation, allow for the decarbonization of our transportation sector also.
— Tam Hunt is president of Community Renewable Solutions LLC, which is focused on community-scale renewables. He also is a lecturer on climate change law and policy at UCSB's Bren School of Environmental Science & Management. Click here for his blog, Thought, Spirit, Politik.
Centrica slides to decade-low on price cap fears
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Merck's (MRK.N) chief executive resigned on Monday from a business panel led by Donald Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry in a strong rebuke to the U.S. president over his response to a violent white nationalist rally in Virginia.
Merck's (MRK.N) chief executive resigned on Monday from a business panel led by Donald Trump, citing a need for leadership countering bigotry in a strong rebuke to the U.S. president over his response to a violent white nationalist rally in Virginia.
The departure of Kenneth Frazier from the president's American Manufacturing Council added to a storm of criticism of Trump over his handling of Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, in which a woman was killed when a man drove his car into a group of counter-protesters.
Democrats and Republicans have attacked the Republican president for waiting too long to address the violence, and for saying "many sides" were involved rather than explicitly condemning white-supremacist marchers widely seen as sparking the melee.
A 20-year-old man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager was due in court on Monday to face charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing the white nationalists, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 19 people.
Frazier did not name Trump or criticize him directly in a statement posted on the pharmaceutical company's Twitter account, but the rebuke was implicit.
"America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy," said Frazier, who is black.
Trump immediately hit back, referring to a longstanding gripe about expensive drugs. Now he had left the panel, Frazier would have more time to focus on lowering "ripoff" drug prices, Trump said in a Twitter post.
The outrage over Trump's reaction to the Charlottesville violence added to a litany of problems for the president.
Opponents have attacked him for his explosive rhetoric toward North Korea and he is publicly fuming with fellow Republicans in Congress over their failure to notch up any major legislative wins during his first six months in office.
Trump was specifically taken to task for comments on Saturday in which he denounced what he called "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
Under pressure to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists who occupy a loyal segment of Trump's political base, the administration sought to sharpen its message on Sunday.
The White House issued a statement insisting Trump was condemning "all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups." Vice President Mike Pence also denounced such groups on Sunday.
Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions, tried to defend the president over his reaction, appearing on a series of morning talk shows on Monday.
Asked about the president's words and lack of direct condemnation of white nationalist groups, Sessions defended Trump's statement and said he expected him to address the incident again later on Monday.
Trump was scheduled to meet with Sessions and FBI Director Christopher Wray on Monday morning to discuss the Charlottesville incident, the White House said in a statement.
BAIL HEARING
Authorities said Heyer, 32, was killed when James Alex Fields' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists confronting neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan (KKK) sympathizers, capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides in the Virginia college town.
The bail hearing for Fields was set to unfold in Charlottesville as the U.S. Justice Department pressed its own federal hate-crime investigation of the incident.
Fields was being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident, authorities said.
More than 30 people were injured in separate incidents, and two state police officers died in the crash of their helicopter after assisting in efforts to quell the unrest.
The disturbances began with white nationalists converging to protest against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, the commander of rebel forces during the U.S. Civil War.
The web hosting company GoDaddy said on Sunday it had given the Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider after the extremist web site posted an article denigrating Heyer. The Daily Stormer is a neo-Nazi, white-supremacist website associated with the alt-right movement.
Derek Weimer, a history teacher at Fields' high school in Kentucky, told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV that he remembered Fields harboring "some very radical views on race" as a student and was "very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler."
The Army said Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 but was "released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015." An Army statement did not say how he failed to meet training standards.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Alfa Chemistry, BOC Sciences, Triveni Chemicals, Conier Chem & Pharma Limited, Flagresso G.m.b.H., Simagchem Corporation, Simagchem Corporation, Haihang Industry Co., Ltd., Nanning Venusson Bio-Technology Co., Ltd, Hubei Yuancheng Saichuang Technology Co., Ltd. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Purity 99%, Purity 97%, Purity 96%, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Perfume, Food Flavoring Agent, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-fenchone-cas-1195-79-5-market/10365/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Fenchone (CAS 1195-79-5) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
After almost six years and minus one Camila Cabello, Fifth Harmony is taking a break.
The remaining four members of the group — Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane, and Lauren Jauregui — took to Instagram to announce that they were taking a "hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavours".
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A post shared by Fifth Harmony (@fifthharmony) on Mar 19, 2018 at 6:00am PDT
"We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals," the group wrote in the post. "In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family."
While there's no date for their harmonious (sorry) reunion, there is definitely hope for Harmonisers, as nothing is written in stone.
Fifth Harmony during happier times on The X Factor with host (!!) Khloe Kardashian Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
This does make sense, as all five original members auditioned as solo artists for The X Factor back in 2012. During the competition, they were placed together as a group and made it to the finale, finishing in third place.
And then, you know, there was also that time that a fake Camila Cabello was thrown off the stage at the VMAs over the summer:
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Even during their prime, multiple members of the group hinted Fifth Harmony was never going to be forever. Lauren even told Seventeen in early 2016: "I don't see us still doing this, but by then I hoped we'll have toured the world and won a couple of Grammys for songs we are really passionate about."
The women still have three upcoming shows scheduled in Florida, Puerto Rico, and Iceland.
You can read their entire statement below:
Reflecting on the past six years since we started on X-Factor, we've realized just how far we've come and we appreciate everything so much, more now than ever. We've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and can't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride!
After six years going hard, non stop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors.
We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals. In doing this we are allowing ourselves to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.
To our Harmonizers, thank you for everything we have been able to build as Fifth Harmony. With your love and encouragement we will continue to build on ourselves, support one another in everything we do, and keep making you proud, each other proud and ourselves proud.
We do have some upcoming shows through the end of the year which will still happen as planned, and we can't wait!
All our love, from the bottom of our hearts,
Dinah Jane, Lauren, Normani and Ally xoxoxo
...We all saw this coming, no?
Follow Sarah on Twitter and Instagram.
The Blue Heron Cafe at 236 Cannon St. will be changing hands.
Owner Paul Hanley, in a FaceBook post Aug. 14, wrote:
Dear Friends and Family,
I want to bypass the rumor-mill so that you can hear it directly from me. After 20 years of building friendships and memories, Blue Heron Cafe will be closing in late October.
In late June, I received an offer to purchase my building and business – my beloved Blue Heron Café. It was the offer I had hoped would come one day. I had wished for it to happen five years from now, but it came this year and I accepted. The offer was a solid, generous one that I could not refuse.
To all my current and former staff: Thank you for making my life dream, of owning my own restaurant, come true. You are the best of the best.
To my kitchen staff and, especially Chef Eugene Bethel: I'd be nothing without your talent and pure dedication. You're as close to my heart as family.
To our patrons, guests, friends, and neighbors: Thank you for allowing us into your lives. We've celebrated birthdays, anniversaries, engagements, weddings, business meetings, and so many other fun times and memories. I've watched your toddlers grow up and graduate. We've talked food, business, politics, cars, boats, airplanes, grandchildren, fishing and pets – all while enjoying the culinary art of casual fine dining. I am so grateful for your two decades of loyal support.
We will still be here for another few months. So come on over, say hi, and get a last round of our famous Sweetbreads, Oyster Fritters, Filet Mignon, Lamb Chops, Crab Cakes, Soft Shells, Double Duck, and all the rest.
West Ham United have sacked director of player recruitment Tony Henry following allegations of racial discrimination, the Premier League club said on Friday.
According to a report in the Daily Mail newspaper, Henry said the club wanted to limit the number of African players in their squad as “they have a bad attitude” and “cause mayhem” when they are not in the team.
A statement from the club said: “West Ham United have today terminated the contract of Director of Player Recruitment, Tony Henry, with immediate effect following his unacceptable comments that were widely reported in the press. Our action follows a full and thorough investigation.
“West Ham United will not tolerate any type of discrimination.
“The West Ham United family is an inclusive one where, regardless of gender, age, ability, race, religion or sexual orientation, everybody feels welcome and included.”
The decision follows the Football Association announcing on Thursday that it was investigating the matter, the same day that West Ham launched their own investigation and suspended Henry.
Henry joined West Ham in 2014, having previously worked for Everton, Sunderland and Chelsea.
West Ham have six first-team squad members of African descent - Cheikhou Kouyate, Pedro Obiang, Joao Mario, Angelo Ogbonna, Arthur Masuaku and Edimilson Fernandes.
Kouyate posted a message on Instagram on Thursday, saying: “African and proud”.
The post was liked by teammates Obiang, Masuaku, Manuel Lanzini and Adrian.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Kendall and Kylie Jenner are all grown up now, but everyone starts somewhere! On Thursday, Kendall, 21, shared a childhood throwback of the duo on her website and it's too cute.
The sister is seen flashing big smiles as they wear matching outfits, and, of course, Kris Jenner was the mastermind behind it. "Another throwback photo, another matching outfit with Kylie," Kendall wrote along with the photo: "My mom was the queen of putting us all in matching outfits."
This isn't the first time fans have seen Kendall and Kylie as young kids because #ThrowbackThursday is alive and well on Instagram! In 2016, Kylie shared a snap of them with father Caitlyn Jenner for a little bit of reminiscing.
because it's Thursday .. 💕 A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Dec 22, 2016 at 11:42am PST
And yes, they had the typical holiday photo with Santa Claus.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
it's almost xmas 🎄🎁 A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Dec 15, 2016 at 8:55am PST
Getty
One can only hope the matching outfits will make a comeback ... One can only hope.
Follow Carine on Twitter and Instagram.
Back in October, Western Digital announced it had beaten rival Seagate by releasing the world's first 14TB hard drive. But Toshiba has now gone one better with the MG07ACA; while it also has 14 TB of storage, the drive is the first of its size to use conventional magnetic recording (CMR) rather than the slower shingled magnetic recording (SMR).
Unlike SMR drives, the MG07ACA doesn't need to rewrite adjacent tracks when the contents of an existing track are updated, which slows down the process. Toshiba's helium-sealed design, which reduces aerodynamic drag on the platters, uses a 9-disk array—another world first, according to the company. That works out at a 1.555TB/platter areal density.
"We have raised the bar with the new MG07ACA Series 9-disk helium-sealed design," said Akitoshi Iwata, Vice President of Storage Products Division, Toshiba Electronic Devices and Storage Corporation. "By utilizing an innovative design, we continue to improve the benefits that high-capacity disk storage can deliver to our broad global customer base."
The drive spins at 7,200rpm and features a 6Gb/s SATA interface. Not only does it have 40 percent more capacity that its predecessor—the MG06ACA drive—but it also improves the W/GB efficiency rating by 50 percent compared to the previous generation.
Toshiba hasn't released many other specifications, such as price and throughput, but it did reveal that the drive has a 2.5 million-hour (285 years) MTBF (mean time between failures). There's also an eight-platter model available with a 12 TB capacity.
While they would certainly be helpful for storing your Steam catalog, the MG07ACA drives are aimed at enterprise users in businesses such as cloud and hyperscale data centers, rather than regular consumers.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Your kids really went to town last year when it came to dressing up for World Book Day.
We had Paddington Bear, Willy Wonka, Oompa Loompas, Emmet from The LEGO Movie, Captain Hook and even a couple of crayons from Oliver Jeffer's The Day the Crayons Quit!
There was also Annie, Jessie, Little Red, Dorothy, Fantastic Mr Fox and the Cat in the Hat.
So which character is your little one going to go as this year?
This year is the 20th anniversary of World Book Day.
Taking place on March 2, it promises to be lots of fun, with activities at school and vouchers to pick up some of the year's most popular children's books for just £1.
Many shops and supermarkets have lots of great costumes to choose from, like Robin Hood and Dorothy from Asda , Tesco and Sainsbury's which start at around £10 each.
Or you can have a go at making your own using these easy, no-sew suggestions:
Where's Wally / Wanda
Buy a red and white stripy jumper, or paint red stripes onto a plain white sweatshirt or T-shirt. Then pick up a pair of round plastic glasses from a pound shop or joke shop to complete the look.
(Photo: Sarah Orton)
Willy Wonka
Make or buy a top hat and stick sweet wrappers and candy canes all over it. Dye a dressing gown or cardigan purple, add a bow tie and make them a golden ticket out of gold card.
(Photo: Rachael Kyriakou)
Mary Poppins
A simple white blouse tucked into a black skirt with a little hat – oh, and don't forget the all important umbrella!
(Photo: Bibi Bibi)
The Cat in the Hat
Make a top hat and red ribbon and buy a pair of white gloves then paint your child's face white and add on whiskers.
(Photo: Sharon Dunn)
The Very Hungry Caterpillar
Buy green leggings, T-shirt and tights. Stuff the tights and attach them to the back of the T-shirt and leggings to make the caterpillar legs. Then draw and cut out antennae to stick onto a headband or make a hood.
(Photo: Sharmae Glasford)
Little Red Riding Hood
Make a hood by cutting a large semi-circle of red material and fasten it over your child's head with a safety pin. Fill a basket of treats for them to carry.
(Photo: Jo James)
Angelina Ballerina
You can usually pick up a wand and wings from a pound shop. Ask around to see if someone has a fairy costume or tutu you can borrow for the day. Or you could go all out with rolled up book pages like this amazing creation.
(Photo: Louise Rogers)
Winnie the Witch
Using black card, roll it and cut it to make a large pointy hat. Stick or paint big silver and purple stars on it. Put your little one in a dark coloured dress and buy some stripy tights to finish off the look.
(Photo: Holly Roper)
Scarecrow
To make this classic Wizard of Oz character come to life, you need a checked shirt and some straw. Put your child in a long-sleeved T-shirt and attach straw to it then put the shirt over the top with the bits of straw coming out to make it look like the scarecrow is losing its stuffing.
(Photo: Amy Watson)
Goldilocks
Make plaits out of yellow wool and pin them to your child's hair then pop them into a pretty dress with some white socks and traditional shoes.
(Photo: Kelly Levey)
Have fun!
• We'd love to see your costumes, please share them with us on our Brummie Mummies facebook page!
Hungary set to detain asylum seekers in shipping container camps
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The government has conceded that the economic challenges confronting the country are daunting but has given its strongest assurance yet that it will surmount them and propel the nation to economic prosperity.
The Senior Minister, Mr Yaw Osafo-Maafo, who gave the assurance, said the government would work assiduously to lay the foundation for economic growth and boost employment creation, one of its key manifesto pledges.
The minister was speaking at the first in the series of the 2017 Graphic Business-Stanbic Bank Breakfast Meeting in Accra yesterday on the theme: “A public-private dialogue on stability, growth and jobs”.
Speakers at the meeting included the immediate past Vice-Chancellor of the University of Ghana, Prof. Ernest Aryeetey, and the Director of Research at the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS, Dr John Kwabena Kwakye, and Chief Executive Officer of the Private Enterprises Foundation (PEF), Nana Osei Bonsu.
The meeting was aimed at stimulating discussions on how the country could restore macroeconomic stability to help inspire growth and job creation.
Mr Osafo-Maafo said the task was very daunting but the government was on top of the problems, adding that it had already identified some solutions and would continue to find more solutions to the numerous challenges it had identified.
Private sector
As part of strategies to overcome some of the challenges, he said, the government would create the enabling environment for the private sector to thrive and properly position the sector to support the government's efforts at stabilising the economy.
He identified financing as the biggest challenge of the private sector, adding: “Not just financing but medium and long-term availability of funds.”
Therefore, he said, in creating the right environment for the private sector to thrive and be able to support national development, the government would facilitate the availability of medium and long-term credit for the sector.
On job creation, the Senior Minister said the government believed that job creation was largely the function of the private sector, but he was quick to add that the sector needed the enabling environment to create the jobs.
He noted that the government was committed to creating that enabling environment through the implementation of effective policies.
“The New Patriotic Party (NPP) believes that creating jobs belongs to the private sector and that is how our policy directions are going,” Mr Osafo-Maafo said.
In his view, creating jobs in the public sector was not the way to go, adding: “We cannot create jobs in the public sector but the government will provide the relevant incentives for the private sector to create the jobs.”
In its effort to facilitate the creation of jobs in the private sector, he said, the government would gradually review the tax system to ensure that “by the drafting of two or three budgets, we would have removed those taxes we referred to as nuisance taxes, as we promised, to create the room for the private sector to thrive”.
He said the government, in the 2017 budget, would abolish taxes such as the special import levy and the five per cent tax on real estate and reduce the 17.5 per cent VAT on small and micro businesses to a flat three per cent.
“We are going to remove the taxes; we will reduce some and bring some," he said, adding that “the government will introduce a lot of measures to maximise revenue”.
Immediate job creation
Mr Osafo-Maafo said the government would not leave the whole burden of job creation on the private sector, saying it had identified two broad areas it would explore to create jobs immediately.
“They are agriculture and industrialisation. The problems facing agriculture in the country are very simple ones but, somehow, the solution has escaped the country for a while,” he said.
He identified some of the challenges facing agriculture as inadequate modernisation, post-harvest losses and lack of value addition and said the government would address those challenges to restore the sector as the mainstay of the economy.
“The solution is not rocket science and we will do it. We will ensure available and accessible funds at very reasonable rates for the agricultural sector to revamp it and restore it as the mainstay of the economy,” he said.
On industrialisation, the minister said the Ministry of Trade and Industry, in collaboration with the Association of Ghana Industries (AGI), had been tasked to immediately identify 100 industries that were facing challenges, so that the challenges would be addressed as soon as possible to make them viable to employ more people.
He said the government had set the parameters for the one district, one factory promise to facilitate its implementation in the next budget to be read in March 2017.
Mr Osafo-Maafo explained that the initiative was to decentralise industrialisation to create more jobs outside the capital city to curb the current rapid urbanisation which was not helpful for economic development.
He said the NPP won the elections on promises such as the one district, one factory and the creation of jobs and, therefore, the government would work to fulfil those pledges.
He said the next budget and subsequent ones would gradually set the parameters for the implementation of the NPP manifesto promises.
Economic stability
Mr Osafo-Maafo described the estimation of Ghana's economic growth at an average of 5.8 per cent for the next 25 years as too low, considering the performance over the years.
“In 2001, growth was 3.6 per cent without oil. It jumped to 9.1 per cent in 2008. So if we recorded such an appreciable growth for eight years without oil, then it is wrong to average ourselves at 5.8 per cent for 25 years,” he said.
Ghana, he said, had the capacity to grow at a better rate of close to 10 per cent as the years go by and we must work diligently towards that.
He said the government would definitely deliver the economic stability it had promised without compromise, but was quick to add that it would be a gradual process.
The Senior Minister also said the government would go through with the IMF programme which it inherited until it ended on March 20, 2018 because it was not advisable to abrogate the programme abruptly.
Contributing to the discussion, Nana Osei Bonsu said experience available at the private sector showed that the government's one district, one factory policy was "feasible, doable and relevant".
Nana Bonsu, whose PEF comprises eight umbrella bodies of business associations, said the one district, one factory policy was needed to help stem unemployment and boost the capacity of the private sector, while growing the economy.
In his welcome address, the Director in charge of Newspapers at the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL), Mr Yaw Boadu-Ayeboafoh, encouraged the public to patronise the digital platform of the company which had been tailored to meet the needs of the various sections of the public.
He expressed the GCGL's gratitude to Stanbic Bank for the partnership and expressed the hope that the collaboration would grow stronger to facilitate more economic discourse.
Writer's email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Nico Hulkenberg says he is happy rather than worried now that Carlos Sainz is his teammate at Renault.
This year, German Hulkenberg was teamed up at the French team with Jolyon Palmer, until the Briton was ousted and replaced with Spaniard Sainz.
Hulkenberg says that overall, he is "satisfied" with how 2017 went for Renault.
And: "In terms of driving it was my best season so far," said the 30-year-old. "As a driver I've never been better. The faster cars are more suited to me.
"I can drive at the limit and that's also more fun. The tyres have become much better. Everything went in the right direction," Hulkenberg told Auto Bild.
However, Hulkenberg is now paired with a much more challenging teammate, with some calling Sainz's arrival at Renault as a 'wake-up call'.
But Hulkenberg said: "It was completely clear that Carlos would be closer. At the end of the day, we are all only cooking with water.
"Sainz is talented and fast. We are only at the beginning of our team relationship, but Carlos is important for the development of the team."
As for the future, Hulkenberg gave the first sign that he intends to stay at Renault beyond the end of his contract late next year.
Asked if he will be fighting against Sainz for the 2020 title, he smiled: "I hope so!"
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mo Salah is closing in on Manchester City star Kevin De Bruyne in the odds to be named PFA Player of the Year 2018.
The Belgian midfielder is favourite at 8/13 with Skybet but the incredible form of Salah has closed the odds.
De Bruyne, who has been in incredible form for City, had been as short as 1/5 with Unibet to secure the title a month ago.
However, Salah, who has scored 28 goals already this season, is now considered a 6/4 shot with many bookies.
Harry Kane, David Silva and David De Gea are considered the next most likely to win.
De Bruyne is having the season of his young life, but his Premier League statistics are very impressive.
Of the 90 matches he has played to date, he has won 58 and scored 20 goals.
He has also made 39 assists.
Mohamed Salah is having an incredible first season, having already been involved in more than 25 goals for Liverpool.
Perennial top scorer Harry Kane already has 22 goals this season for Tottenham.
New Zealand's economic growth is set to continue to beat the average of the 35 member countries of the Organisation for Economic Cooperative and Development, as activity shifts away from consumption and towards investment, the OECD said in its biannual Economic Outlook.
The country's economic growth was "solid" in 2017, underpinned by consumption and international tourism, and "solid economic growth" is projected to continue at 3 per cent in 2018 and 2019, the OECD said in its latest report.
The organisation expects private consumption to slow due to lower net immigration and a moderation of wealth gains from house price increases.
Still, residential investment will remain supported by demand in Auckland and government funding through the KiwiBuild programme while government infrastructure spending is expected to rise and business investment spending tipped to recover from weakness at the end of last year as capacity remains tight, it said.
Advertisement
Fiscal policy under the new Labour-led government is expected to shift to an expansionary stance, with spending increases from the provision of free tuition for the first year of tertiary education, a substantial pick-up in infrastructure and health spending and increased payments to students and families, the OECD said.
The additional spending doesn't threaten fiscal stability with government debt still declining as a share of GDP, it said. The OECD forecast government gross debt would fall to 35.6 per cent of GDP in 2019, from 35.7 per cent in 2018 and 36 per cent in 2017.
It expects the Reserve Bank to withdraw some monetary policy stimulus in 2019 through higher interest rates in order to slow inflation stoked by capacity constraints and increasing import prices from New Zealand's main trading partners. The consumers price index is seen running at 2.1 per cent in 2019, from 1.7 per cent in 2018.
"A sharp housing correction is the biggest downside risk, as household debt has risen to high levels relative to income, and most mortgagees have interest rates that are floating or will be repriced within two years," the report said.
"Conversely, short-term growth could be higher if housing shortages in Auckland trigger further price rises and associated wealth effects."
The OECD said projected increases in interest rates and government spending will improve New Zealand's macroeconomic policy balance and both should also serve to reduce housing market pressures.
Still, it said the resolution of infrastructure and planning constraints in Auckland is critical to easing affordability challenges, boosting weak productivity and avoiding a further house price breakout.
How many times have you passed off a symptom of illness as being something small that will go away by itself? If you're a man, research tells us that you have probably done this throughout your life, perhaps suffering detrimental health outcomes in the process. The effects are far reaching, too. Men die on average five years younger than women. Where does the problem come from?
According to Paul Gilligan, clinical psychologist and chief executive of St Patrick's Mental Health Services, men can often see healthcare as a threat to their concept of masculinity.
“It's the conceptualisation of masculinity that impacts on the value that men put on their health and how they manage their health,” says Gilligan. “The research tells us that men's health outcomes are worse than females, and there are two subgroups of that: men from lower socioeconomic backgrounds; and younger men would be the higher risk groups. Those are the groups that are likely to engage in more risky health behaviour. Primarily, they [the researchers] believe that it's driven by a need to prove their masculinity, or what their concepts of masculinity are.”
Gilligan says that this is particularly noticeable in the mental health sector, where he works.
The message we pick up as boys is that real men sort out their own problems
“The majority of people who present at mental health services are female. You're talking roughly three to one,” he says. “And yet, when you look at the stats around the actual emergence of mental health issues, it's pretty much even.”
The challenges men face in accessing healthcare is something that Finian Murray, men's health development officer with the HSE, has been trying to combat. As part of his work he runs training courses to help men and health professionals to engage better with men's health. Like Gilligan, he believes that the widespread view among men is that illness means weakness.
“The message we pick up as boys is that real men sort out their own problems, which explains why men are less likely to consult their GP,” he says. “It's a big part of the issue. Men do see the health arena as a female dominated space, but that's also true for mental health issues. We're trying to get across to men that it's OK to not feel OK, and it's OK to ask for help.”
Murray says that creative methods of engaging men in a conversation about their health is the way forward. He favours initiatives such as Men's Sheds, a community run endeavour that encourages men to come together to take part in group activities. The movement encourages openness in a culture where men tend not to talk about their feelings.
Societal change
What can be done to encourage men to look after their health better? Gilligan says that the issue is a complex one that requires societal change.
“To tackle and to improve men's health, you need to tackle the concepts around how we define and develop their concepts of masculinity, and that starts in childhood. That's where we really have to focus our efforts,” he says.
“I think this speaks to our parenting of children in general, and boys in particular. It points to the need to focus ourselves on building emotionally healthy children. I think we have to be very careful; gender identity is a very important thing in helping people to understand what it is to be a man or a woman or male or female, that's very important. But alongside that, we need to teach them generic emotional health skills. There are things like good self-awareness, good self-esteem, body awareness, emotional awareness, so that they become comfortable in developing the skills and the awareness relating to those areas. That enables men to protect and look after their health. If you focus just on health, that's a mistake. This is around building a holistic approach to psychological and emotional wellbeing.”
Changing attitudes
Despite this, Dr Nina Byrnes, GP at the Generation Health Clinic in Glenageary, Co Dublin, says that the situation has already started to shift.
“I think we've changed in our attitude, but it's maybe taking a while to sink through to all generations,” she says. “We are now much more open about talking physical injuries. I think from a mental health point of view, we are still a bit behind with men. Men aren't as good at talking about their emotions. Even with all the publicity we have, they do maybe see it as a sign of weakness if they're not coping. But from a physical health point of view, I think less so.”
It is often the wife or the mother who encourages them to go to their doctor and even still comes with them
In her 12 years as GP, Dr Byrnes has noticed a change particularly among young men, who are increasingly health conscious, she says.
“One of the things I'm seeing a definite change in is that there's a real drive, particularly among young men, to be healthy. They have an interest in health and lifestyle and nutrition. I think they are presenting more for check-ups than they would have 20 years ago.”
‘The wife or the mother'
However, the situation is not the same across all demographics, and it is often the women in men's lives that encourage them to seek healthcare. When that influence is not there, the effects can be damaging.
“It is often the wife or the mother who encourages them to go to their doctor and even still comes with them. You will see adult men coming in with their wife or mother. I think maybe the middle-aged single men still aren't great at going to the doctor. That sort of cohort, men in their 50s, 60s and beyond and still single wouldn't be great at presenting to the doctor.”
However, Dr Byrnes reiterates that change is happening, and the drive to get men to engage more with their health is working. “I think that the more we talk about it, men are getting better. I'm seeing more men coming in for check-ups and willing to talk about their health, willing to get checked. I think the more we promote healthy lifestyles, the more those barriers come down.”
Share Facebook
Twitter
author: connor macneil | contributor
“America and Canada do not need to be made great: they need to be kept great. ”
Liberalism is facing the greatest threat of our generation. Now when I say Liberalism, I don't mean the Liberal Party of Canada, I mean the ideology of Liberalism. The core principles of a Liberal ideology are a belief in the freedom of individuals, the equality of all peoples, and co-operation. These principles are summarised nicely in the motto of the French revolution in English it is “Liberty, Equality, and Fraternity.” These ideals are all explicit targets of the Trump administration and populist movements throughout the west.
For decades liberalism has essentially been the unquestioned foundation of all our political systems. Even leaders who are typically seen as highly conservative have been at their hearts liberal, with a belief in freedom and equality fundamental to their policy goals. Now, how exactly people are to be treated equally and given freedom was more of the question up for debate. To Ronald Reagan and Margret Thatcher, equality was treating all people equally regardless of their personal circumstance or socioeconomic class. To Pierre Trudeau, equality meant providing social welfare programs for those who were at a disadvantage and to even out the distribution of wealth throughout the provinces via increased equalization payments. The details were different but the core ideals were the same.
We now face a new breed of political ideology. People like Kelly Leitch advocate essentially forcing all Canadians to hold the same set of ideals, to her freedom is of little importance. Kevin O'Leary says he wants to outlaw unions and have “anybody who remains a union member thrown in jail,” essentially criminalizing freedom of association and assembly. Trump wants to build a wall limiting the movement of citizens, reduce freedom of the press and eliminate any notion that people of different faiths, genders, and sexual orientations should be treated with equality by the state. We have mainstream political leaders who are not in any way liberals for the first time since the rise of fascism and communism in the early 20th century.
Now, to some people this a great thing; to those political radicals who wish to control the public and enforce their systems of morality on the people, to those who want the strong to oppress the weak without any regulation, this downfall of Liberalism is a great thing.
To most Canadians and citizens of all other western nations, I think this is something we need to stand against together. While we may be able to agree that the way we've been doing things up until now is not perfect, it is certainly better than the alternative, where the government mandates public opinion through values tests rather than allowing for free public discourse, and does nothing to help those who are the worst off in society.
If we want to fight this, those who are in the middle politically need to band together. Brad Wall, a former opponent of the liberal's refugee policy, has come out strongly against Trump's Muslim ban; people like Mitt Romney and John McCain have been some of Trump's most vocal critics. This rise of political extremism does not have to tear us apart. To those who value the guiding principles of our nations of freedom of speech, freedom of religion, and the equality of all people, we need to speak out in favour of these principles more loudly than ever.
To many, the very idea we should question the value of democracy or the importance of freedom of speech simply has not been an issue. We have been raised with these ideas as fundamental to our understanding of how a society should exist. Like with many things, I fear that these are concepts that we may not really appreciate until we no longer have them.
Canada and America are two of the greatest nations on Earth, but unlike Trump and Leitch, I don't believe they're great simply because we're the ones that live here. Our nations are great because people can freely speak their mind on issues that they care about; our nations are great because they provide help to those who are in need; our nations are great because no matter your skin colour or religious belief or gender identity or sexual orientation, you are worth equally much as a person. America and Canada do not need to be made great – they need to be kept great.
By Robyn Collins
Singer and actor Jared Leto appeared on the Thursday, Oct. 5 episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show and shared his thoughts on Sunday night's mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas.
Ellen asked him how the tragedy had informed his feelings about performing. “When something like this happens, does this put fear into you? ‘Cause no one would imagine anything like this could happen, and then it does, and now you're touring — how do you feel?”
Related: Jared Leto Stars in New ‘Blade Runner 2049' Short Film
The artist considered the question and responded, “You know, it's horrific. It's heartbreaking, but I do think that no matter how much evil there is in the world nothing can defeat the human spirit. We need to continue to live our lives, to follow our dreams and to keep moving forward.”
“It's just heartbreaking and senseless, and you know, I hope that if there's anything that comes from this, it's that we all get a little closer,” he continued. “We all listen a little bit more and have a greater sense of understanding and empathy and kindness with each other.”
Gardaí and other emergency services were dealing with a serious four-vehicle collision on the quays in Dublin on Tuesday.
Traffic came to a standstill in the area following the crash on Wellington Quay, near the Parliament Street junction on the south quays and traffic was being diverted.
Dublin Bus said it was experiencing delays on a number of routes and urged passengers to leave extra time for their journeys.
Aircoach said its 4pm service to Cork would pick passengers up from D'Olier Street due to the diversions.
A Garda spokesman confirmed that management of the incident was on going shortly before 4pm but it was not known if anyone had suffered injuries.
By Mike Donoghue
Correspondent
The town of Shelburne and longtime Police Chief Jim Warden have reached a separation agreement ending his time with the department and allowing him to be paid as a consultant through Jan. 31.
Under the agreement Warden's resignation was effective last Friday. He will continue to collect full pay and benefits as a consultant until Jan. 31 “in order to assure a smooth transition to new leadership.” Warden earns about $80,000 a year and will be allowed to cash in 253 hours of accrued vacation time.
The town also agreed to withdraw a three-day suspension issued to Warden last month and remove any reference of it from his personnel file. The nine-page separation agreement outlining the details is “to settle any dispute regarding's employee's employment.”
Warden's lawyer told the Shelburne News the suspension was unwarranted.
“There has been much talk in the press and among the public of a three-day unpaid suspension. We assert that the suspension was completely unjustified, and imposed without following the proper procedures,” Alison Bell of Langrock, Sperry & Wool said in an email to the Shelburne News.
“As part of our agreement with the Town, the suspension has been rescinded, all references to it have been expunged from Jim's personnel record, and he has been paid for the three days. As the suspension now technically never existed, we will have no further comment about any details regarding it,” she wrote Wednesday morning.
Selectboard Chairman Gary von Stange and Town Manager Joe Colangelo both said at Tuesday evening's Selectboard meeting that they would not comment beyond the public documents. The agreement calls for both sides not to make any negative comments about the other.
The Selectboard voted 5-0 to accept the terms of the separation agreement worked out by lawyers on behalf of the town and Warden, who has been chief for 30 years. The vote followed a 15-minute closed-door session. The board had met for 75 minutes behind closed doors last Aug. 2 about a personnel issue.
The Shelburne News reported online on Saturday that a “mutually satisfactory agreement” had been reached by Warden and the town, but it still needed to be confirmed by the Selectboard.
Bell said Warden, 78, has enjoyed 30 years of public service to Shelburne.
“Jim has served the Town and its residents faithfully, in many capacities and for 30 years, and is grateful to have had the privilege to do so. He will take the opportunity to thank many of you personally in the days ahead,” she said.
Prior to coming to Shelburne, Warden spent 10 years as police chief in St. Albans City. He started his law enforcement career in Pennsylvania, where he was chief for two police departments.
The town provided the public with copies of the separation agreement and a one-page press release following the meeting, but there appeared to be inconsistencies between the documents. The press release read by von Stange said Warden was retiring due to medical reasons. The longer document never mentions retirement, instead saying Warden “is resigning.” Bell Wednesday described this as a medical retirement.
Von Stange also read that the town will pay Warden through the end of the year but the separation agreement signed by von Stange on behalf of the town at the end of the meeting Tuesday says Warden will be paid through Jan. 31.
The resignation or retirement appears to have been in the works for weeks.
Warden signed the agreement on Aug. 3 and it gave him until “on or before Aug. 4” to turn over all employer-owned equipment, including his police cruiser, service weapon, TASER, duty belt, cell phone, keys, passcodes, electronic and hard copy files, records, documents, reports, uniforms and activity logs.
Previously, the town has said Colangelo suspended Warden for three days – July 19-21 – for unspecified reasons. Von Stange gave another version of the events in reading the official statement. “Chief Warden has been out on medical leave since July 17, 2017,” the town's news release said.
Warden and his lawyer did not attend the meeting. During the public comment period early in the meeting, Kathy Brooks, a local resident with 40 years' experience in human resources, said she was troubled that Warden's suspension appeared to have happened without consulting the Selectboard. Brooks said municipal human resources policies from 1990 are likely outdated.
She also questioned reports that newly promoted Deputy Police Chief Aaron Noble would report to the town manager and not the chief. Colangelo responded that on the town's organizational chart, the deputy chief has a straight line to the police chief and a dotted line to the town manager.
Noble has been the interim head of the police department while Warden has been out. Colangelo said Noble remains in that position.
After President Donald Trump declassified the memo, the Republican-led House Intelligence Committee released the memo based on classified information that alleges the FBI abused U.S. government surveillance powers in its investigation into Russian election interference. Susan Walsh AP
Metallic Stearates are classified as a compound of long chain fatty acids with metals of different valences. Some of the Metallic Stearates are insoluble in water while other compound of long chain fatty acids with alkaline metals or ammonia are soluble in water. Lubrication and release properties along with water repellence are a few characteristics of all Metallic Stearates. Effects of these properties are depended upon the chain length of the fatty acid, cation and other properties of Metallic Stearates. These are majorly produced from organic raw materials. Therefore, they can be abraded to some extent when exposed to excessively high temperature, resulting in discoloration. These are widely utilized in numerous application such as building & construction, cosmetics, plastics, rubber, pharmaceuticals, coatings, and others.
Some of the prominent factors that positively influence the growth of the Metallic Stearates Market are rising per capita disposable income, improved living standards, and increasing construction activities. Additionally, rising automotive production and sales along with continuous growth of automotive industry in emerging economies is predicted to propel the demand for Metallic Stearates Market. Robust investment in the ongoing research and development projects by the major market players operating in the segment and strong acceptance within the end use industries is set to positively influence Metallic Stearates demand.
Competitive Analysis:
The major players operating in the Metallic Stearates Market are James M. Brown Ltd. (U.K), PMC Group, Inc. (U.S.), Dover Chemical Corporation (U.S.), Baerlocher GmbH (Germany), FACI SPA (Italy), Peter Greven GmbH & Co. KG (Germany), Valtris Specialty Chemicals (U.S.), Sun Ace Kakoh (Pte.) Ltd (Singapore), Nimbasia (India), IRRH SPECIALTY CHEMICALS (India) among others.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4901
Market Segmentation:
Globally, Metallic Stearates is spanned on the basis of product, application, and region. On the basis of product, the market is segmented as magnesium, aluminum, zinc, calcium, and others. Other product include alkali stearates such as lithium stearates, sodium stearates, and sodium oleates. Among these, zinc stearates accounted for the largest market share in 2016 on account of its wide utilization in various ends use industries. Zinc stearates segment is followed by calcium stearates as it is used as mold release agent, acid scavengers, and lubricants in the plastic industry. Moreover, calcium stearate is used as hydrophobic agent for preventing moisture absorption and preservation of building & construction materials. Magnesium stearates are considered as safe and thus widely utilized in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. On the basis of application, Metallic Stearates Market is segmented into plastics, rubber, cosmetics, building & construction, coatings, pharmaceuticals, and others. Other include textile and paints industry. Among these, plastics estimated for the largest application segment due to significant use of various Metallic Stearates in plastic industry. Moreover, increasing automotive sales along with rising use of plastics in order to reduce the overall weight of vehicle is expected to drive plastic segment growth. Furthermore, rising disposable income along with increasing use of cosmetic and personal care products is expected to drive the cosmetic application segment.
Regional Analysis:
Asia Pacific is predicted to be the largest Metallic Stearates Market followed by North America and Europe due to strong existence of many major market players. European market is predicted to register significant growth on account of presence of major automotive manufacturers in Italy, Spain, and Germany. Asia Pacific metallic stearates market is expected to register tremendous growth due to continuous expansion of pharmaceutical, building & construction, and textile sector specifically in India, China, South Korea, Japan, and Malaysia. Latin American countries is expected to witness above average growth due to increasing purchasing power of consumer along with increasing spending on cosmetics and personal care products. The Middle East & Africa is estimated to witness steady growth on account of rising foreign investments and strong demand from building & construction sector.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/metallic-stearates-market-4901
Key Points from Table of Contents:
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
3 Market Research Methodology
4 Market Landscape
5 Industry Overviews of Global Metallic Stearates Market
6 Market Trends
7. Global Metallic Stearates Market by Product
8. Global Metallic Stearates Market by Application
9. Global Metallic Stearates Market by Region
10. Company Landscape
11. Company Profiles
11.1 James M. Brown Ltd.
11.1.1 Company Overview
11.1.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.1.3 Financial Updates
11.1.4 Key Developments
11.2 PMC Group, Inc.
11.2.1 Company Overview
11.2.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.2.3 Financial Updates
11.2.4 Key Developments
11.3 Dover Chemical Corporation
11.3.1 Company Overview
11.3.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.3.3 Financial Updates
11.3.4 Key Developments
11.4 Baerlocher GmbH
11.4.1 Company Overview
11.4.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.4.3 Financial Updates
11.4.4 Key Developments
11.5 FACI SPA
11.5.1 Company Overview
11.5.2 Product/Business Segment Overview
11.5.3 Financial Updates
11.5.4 Key Developments
12. Conclusion
Make an Enquiry before buying @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4901
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Chelsea captain John Terry, 36, will leave the club at the end of the season, the Premier League leaders announced on Monday.
Terry has hardly featured in Diego Conte's side this season, with the Italian favouring a back three of David Luiz, Cesar Azpilicueta and Gary Cahill.
"Everybody at Stamford Bridge would like to express our enormous gratitude to John and wish him the very best of luck for the future," Chelsea wrote on their official website.
"John has given us more than two decades of dedicated and exceptional service. In that time he has displayed the utmost pride at wearing the Chelsea shirt, something he has done on 713 occasions since his debut in 1998, scoring 66 goals. He is the club's third highest all-time appearance-maker and has captained Chelsea a record 578 times.
"This season he has featured less on the field but remained an influential and inspirational member of the squad which, under Antonio Conte's guidance, sits top of the Premier League.
"Throughout his career ‘JT' has contributed immensely to us achieving consistent success unequalled in the club's history. He has won the Champions League, four Premier League titles, the Europa League, five FA Cups and three League Cups. His 14 major honours make him our most decorated individual of all time."
Terry said: "After 22 years there is so much to say and so many people to thank at this great football club. From coaches, team-mates and staff to the fans who have given me so much support down the years, I can't thank you enough. There will be opportunities for me to speak further about this over the coming weeks.
"I will decide on my future in due course, but for now I am committed to helping the team achieve success this season.
"The club and I have always had a fantastic relationship, which will continue beyond my playing days. We had some really positive talks but with everything taken into careful consideration I have decided it's the right time for me to leave. I've always been conscious that I depart at the right time, in the right way, and I feel that the end of this season is the right time for the club and I.
"I feel I still have plenty to offer on the pitch but understand that opportunities here at Chelsea will be limited for me. I'm eager to carry on playing and so will be looking to continue with a new challenge. I will of course always be a Blue and am desperate to end my final season as a Chelsea player with more silverware.
"Finally, words cannot describe the love I have for our football club and our amazing Chelsea fans. I would like to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart for the unbelievable support you've shown me over the years. You mean the world to me and every trophy we've won during my time at the club we've won together. I will never forget the incredible journey we've been on. Thank you so much for everything."
Jiji.ng the cheapest online shopping in Nigeria
San Luis Obispo County District Attorney Dan Dow issued a statement on Andrew Holland's death at the County Jail last year. "The loss of Andrew Holland is tragic," Dow said. "No parent should ever have to bury their child, at any age, for any reason." Joe Johnston jjohnston@thetribunenews.com
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach Pause
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws
0:49 Morro Bay police share details of homicide investigation
1:33 How to grill ribs: Tips from The Rib Line's kitchen
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
0:46 Nephew shares memories of David Fear, who died in Grover Beach dog attack
0:47 Great white shark caught on video in Morro Bay
3:55 Barack and Michelle Obama's final Christmas address from the White House
Last year's finalists have both avoided top-flight opposition in the draw for the second round of the FAI Cup with holders Cork City handed a home game against Athlone Town while Dundalk will take on Crumlin United, the non-league side they beat 5-0 at Oriel Park in the third round last season.
There are two all Premier Division ties with Finn Harps facing a trip to Limerick while St Patrick's Athletic host Galway United.
The game between Shelbourne and Shamrock Rovers will also attract considerable attention with the Dublin rivals having won the competition 21 times between them with the Tolka Park side's success in 2000 the most recent of their seven wins.
Of the non-league sides, Bluebell United look to have the best chance of making to the quarter-finals after drawing Cabinteely at home. Cobh must head to United Park while Bangor Celtic host Longford Town.
Draw: Shelbourne v Shamrock Rovers, Bangor Celtic v Longford Town, St Patrick's Athletic v Galway United, Cork City v Athlone Town, Limerick v Finn Harps, Bluebell United v Cabinteely, Drogheda United v Cobh Wanderers, Crumlin United v Dundalk.
Games to be played over the weekend of Sunday, August 27th. Dates and times to be confirmed.
Mufti asks PM Modi to do something for peace and reminds Pakistan about the after effects of previous wars
The Poonch civilians of Jammu Kashmir had faced a heavy shelling from Pakistan on Sunday morning.
A day after five members of a family were killed in Pakistani shelling, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti on Monday appealed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take the lead in taking the state to peace.
The chief minister also appealed to the leadership of Pakistan to see logic of peaceful engagement and dialogue with India as wars in the past yielded nothing except devastation, death and destruction.
Addressing people in Bhimber Gali sector of Mendhar after visiting the family which lost five of its members in the LoC shelling, Mufti said she would continue to advocate cessation of hostilities along the borders and between the two countries.
“Better late than never,” she said.
READ ALSO: Heavy shelling from Pakistan borders at civilians; army replies in like
The chief minister added that when she last met Prime Minister Modi she appealed him to act like an elder brother and persuade Pakistan for a peaceful engagement and work jointly against poverty, unemployment and deprivation.
Peace talks are necessary to save the state and its civilians from bloodbath and continued exchange of fire on the borders, she said.
She appealed to Narendra Modi to take lead in getting Jammu and Kashmir out of “this bloodbath and help people in leading peaceful and normal life”.
“It is unfortunate that the people of border areas in the state like Poonch, R S Pura, Nowshehra, Uri and Karnah are paying a heavy price due to continued shelling across the borders,” she said.
The chief minister recalled the decade long peace along the borders and an atmosphere of reconciliation within the state which followed after the then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's initiatives of reconciliation and dialogue in the state.
Prime Minister Modi also took the bold step of visiting Lahore but unfortunately incidents like Pathankot stalled the process, she said.
Terming partition of the country as unfortunate, the chief minister said the people of the state never ever wanted that but unfortunately are paying a heavy price for the same.
READ ALSO: Huge setback for Mehbooba Mufti government; Supreme Court Stays FIR against Army Personnel!
“What was the fault of these five people or this elderly mother?”, she asked referring to the victims of cross border shelling.
She said it is very unfortunate when people elsewhere are demanding better facilities, residents of border areas in the state were asking for bunkers.
Describing the residents of border areas as country's first line of defence, she said these were the people who guarded the territorial integrity of the state and the country. She said her government has created two battalions of IRP comprising people of the border areas. The chief minister assured the people that whatever due, would be done for them including creating avenues of employment, strengthening of health facilities and road connectivity.
Earlier on her arrival, Mufti met the mother and other kin of the family whose members were killed in yesterday's shelling. She assured them all help in their rehabilitation and on spot handed over ex-gratia and other relief.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The global economy is growing by about 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 and a significant acceleration from last year, the United Nations said Monday.
In its annual economic report and forecast, the U.N. said the upturn stems predominantly from faster growth in all major developed economies, with east and south Asia remaining "the world's most dynamic regions."
Compared to 2016, when global growth was just 2.4 percent, "growth strengthened in almost two-thirds of countries worldwide in 2017," the report said.
Liu Zhenim, the U.N. undersecretary-general for economic and social affairs, called the rise "a welcome sign of a healthier economy." But he warned that growth "may come at an environmental cost."
Advertisement
The "World Economic Situation and Prospects 2018" report said the economic upturn should now focus governments on longer-term issues, including tackling climate change and the growing inequality between rich and poor.
"The frequency of weather-related shocks continues to increase, highlighting the urgent need to build resilience against climate change and contain the pace of environmental degradation," the report said, adding that stronger GDP growth is likely to result in higher levels of global-warming carbon emissions.
The U.N. said the world economy is forecast to expand at a steady pace of 3 percent in 2018 and 2019.
"Developing economies remain the main drivers of global growth," the report said. "In 2017, east and south Asia accounted for nearly half of global growth, as both regions continue to expand at a rapid pace."
"The Chinese economy alone contributed about one-third of global growth during the year," it said.
The report said improvements in Argentina, Brazil, Nigeria and Russia as they emerge from recession "also explain roughly a third of the rise in the rate of global growth between 2016 and 2017."
But the U.N. stressed that economic gains remain unevenly distributed within countries and across regions, "and many parts of world have yet to regain a healthy rate of growth."
Many commodity exporting countries are facing economic challenges, the report said. From 2017 to 2019, it said, "further setbacks or negligible growth in per capita GDP is anticipated in central, southern and west Africa, western Asia and Latin America and the Caribbean." The U.N. said these regions are home to 275 million people living "in extreme poverty."
The report underscored the importance of addressing the longer-term issues that hold back economic development so that all countries can reach the 2030 U.N. goal of eliminating extreme poverty.
"Failure to address these issues may leave a quarter of the population of Africa in extreme poverty by 2030," it warned.
As for the United States, the report said following an estimated growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, America's economy is forecast to expand at a steady pace of 2.1 percent in both 2018 and 2019.
"This marks a significant improvement compared to the 1.5 percent growth recorded in 2016," it said. "The acceleration largely stems from shifting dynamics in business investment and, to a lesser extent, net trade."
___
On the web:
Report: https://www.un.org/development/desa/dpad/publication/world-economic-situation-and-prospects-2018
Tertiary butyl amine is a transparent colorless compound with molecular formula (CH3)3CNH2. It possesses amine-like odor. Tertiary butyl amine is primarily used in rubber, agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, and chemical intermediates. It is employed as rubber accelerator to improve the rate of vulcanization. Agrochemicals derived from this compound include terbutryn, terbacil, and terbumeton.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/tertiary-butyl-amine-market.html
Rubber is not only used to manufacture tire in automobiles, but it is also employed in engine gaskets, radiator seals, performance hoses, ignition cables, and airbags. Asia Pacific holds more than 60% share of the global rubber market. The region is expected to offer immense growth to the tertiary butyl amine market during the forecast period. Rise in demand for automobiles in Europe and Asia Pacific is estimated to propel the rubber market. This, in turn, is likely to boost the demand for tertiary butyl amine in the near future. Crop protection chemicals are widely used in the agriculture industry to enhance the crop yield.
Crop protection chemicals such as fungicides, herbicides, and insecticides are employed to eliminate unwanted plants and pests. Increase in usage of crop protection chemicals is anticipated to propel the demand for tertiary butyl amine. Growth in population has raised food security concerns. Developing and underdeveloped countries lack proper infrastructure for storage and distribution of food grains. This, in turn, is projected to fuel the demand for tertiary butyl amine owing to its usage in agrochemicals.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24854
In terms of region, Asia Pacific is likely to exhibit significant demand for tertiary butyl amine in the next few years, led by the expansion in the rubber industry. Demand for rubber is high from tire and automotive applications in major countries in the region such as China and India. Increase in demand for new automotive vehicles is estimated to fuel the demand for rubber. This, in turn is likely to boost the demand of tertiary butyl amine. Large scale manufacturers such as BASF SE are expanding their capacity in the region to meet the rising demand for rubber additives such as tertiary butyl amine, which is used as an accelerator in the rubber industry.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
If someone tells you that you have too many nail stamping plates, you don't need that kind of negativity in your life. They don't get that looking at the nail stamping plates is like looking at all the creative and fun designs you could create with them.
What is nail stamping.
Nail stamping is a type of nail art using etched plates to transfer designs in nail polish onto your nails. It's a quick way and easy way to put intricate and complicated looking images on your nails–once you get the hang of it.
Nail stamping is famous for having a bit of a learning curve where it's difficult at first but then something clicks and it becomes easy. For a tutorial and troubleshooting of common stamping issues, see my guide to the Best Nail Stamping Kits.
How to choose the right plate for you.
Not all plates are the same and not all nails are the same. As far as quality you want a plate that is etched deeply and cleanly so stick with trusted brands like the ones in this list. Cheap plates are easily bent and often stamp patchy or blurry.
What plates are best for you depends also on if you have long nails or short nails. If you have very long nails, you'll want to go for XL or full plates which have larger images so you won't have to worry about the stamp image being too small for your nails.
If you have short nails, your issue is finding images that are small enough to fit on your nails. Sticking with abstract patterns is a good bet here but there are plenty of brands who produce images the work with your smaller canvases.
How to take care of your plates.
Clean your plates between stamping with a lint free wipe or sponge using nail polish remover. I prefer to use non-acetone on my plates because acetone leaves a faint white film on the metal and it bugs me.
When storing your plates, make sure the side with images on it isn't rubbing against other metal because it can scratch and damage your plate. Some brands have special cases to hold your plates but most photo albums will do the trick.
Now let's get to the plates.
1. MoYou-London's Animal Plate Collection
MoYou-London's plates stamp very well, even when you're not using special stamping polish. The etchings are deep and clear and the images are adorable.
There are 17 plates in this collection including dogs (17), cats (15), and woodland creatures (14). This adorable plate (04) from their Animal Collection has everything from narwhals to dinosaurs to jellyfish.
I also really like that MoYou-London offers many of their plate sets in regular and XL. The regular plates come with 18 different images in three rows. The XL plate only has 12 images in two rows, but the images are larger to fit longer nails.
Price: $9.95
Pros:
Comes with protecting storage sleeve
Can choose from regular and XL
Super cute animal images
Stamps clearly
Lots of images to choose from
Cons:
Not all images available as XL
2. Bundle Monster's XL 10 Piece Stamping Plate Set
So far Bundle Monster is my favorite stamping plate brand and favorite stamping polish brand. They've got a wide range of interesting designs that are intensely detailed and they are always coming out with new exciting collections.
I will say that I have found that there's a huge difference between using regular nail polish and stamping polish with Bundle Monster's plates. Using stamping polish, the images are perfect.
This XL Collection is taking some of their most loved designs from past collections and re-releasing them in an XL size. The set comes with 10 plates in several themes including geometrics, florals, and animal prints. I love the variety and at less than $3 per plate, it's a great deal.
There are several negative space patterns here (where there is more stamp showing than nail) which are not for beginners. If you're having trouble try scraping lightly in two different directions before you stamp.
Price: $29.99
Pros:
Huge variety of images
Great size for long nails
Crisp pick up
Awesome value at $3 per plate
Cons:
No protective sleeve
Some images are for more advanced stampers
3. Born Pretty's 5 Piece Spring Garden Box Set
The first stamping plates I ever used were from Born Pretty and I still go back to them. Their etchings are clean and deep and they stamp well even without stamping specific polish. This collector's edition box set comes with five stamping plates, all in a garden and floral theme.
It comes in a sleek black gift box and each plate has its own protective sleeve with a sticker on the outside of the sleeve showing a mini preview of what's inside. I really appreciate this small but important feature because it means when you're looking for a specific plate, you don't have to go through and look inside each sleeve trying to find the one you want.
The images have a nice selection of floral, butterfly, garden patterns, and cactus designs to them as well as several negative space stamps to play around with so stampers of all experience levels will have options.
Price: $14.99
Pros:
Works out to under $3 per plate
Comes in gift-ready box
Each plate has labeled protective sleeve
Images all in theme of gardens
Stamps clear and well
Cons:
Some negative space stamping images are not for beginners
4. Moyra's Love Lace Stamping Plate
I think lace is one of the classiest and sexiest looks to stamp on your nails. It also looks impressive with all its minute detail and people will be amazed that you did it yourself.
The Love Lace plate from Moyra has 20 lace images from a simple fishnet style to intricate floral lace designs. There are a few images that are more paisley than lace, but they're still gorgeous and stamp well.
Whenever you're stamping something with this much small detail, you'll want to perfect your stamping technique first and use stamping polish if possible. Though it's a slightly lesser known brand, Moyra has beautifully etched plates that transfer very well.
Price: $13.75
Pros:
Intricately detailed lace designs
Stamping images are nice and big
Cons:
More expensive than others
5. Pueen's Marble Paradise Nail Stamping Plate
Water marble designs look incredible but water marbling is a miserable hassle. This nail stamping plate from Pueen let's you get that marbled look without all the mess and waste of nail polish.
These stamping images have that same swirling effect but with only the need for a simple stamp. It looks even more convincing when stamped over a nail gradient or by using several colors of stamping polish on one stamp. The plate is etched well so images pick up and transfer nicely.
Price: $5.99 (33 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Get the cool effect without the mess
Images transfer well
Cons:
Not much variety
6. Whats Up Nails' 2-Piece Autumn Set
I love having seasonal manicures that celebrate our holidays and the changes of weather. This two plate set from Whats Up Nails has all of the fun harvest looks you could want for a good autumn manicure from leaves to apples to pumpkins to turkeys. The plates are etched well and provide clean, crisp images.
I have the B021 plate, a gift from my family last Christmas, and I love the designs on it. There are tons of leaves perfect for advanced stamping designs and only one negative space stamping design so it's there to play with but if it's not for you, it's only that one image.
Price: $12.99
Pros:
Perfect set for autumn
Two plates with nice image selection
Stamp well
Cons:
Some designs not as useful the rest of the year
7. CICI & SISI's Sweety Nail Stamping Set
I made a promise to myself when I was writing this post that I wouldn't buy any new plates. Then I found this one. I caved.
This plate is unique in the list as it is made of acrylic instead of stainless steel. It's a more lightweight material that doesn't get scratched the same way that metal plates do. While it's a slight adjustment for those of us used to metal plates, acrylic stamps just as well.
If you're interested in layered stamping this is a great plate to start on. In layered stamping you have several different stamp images for each design: the solid color and then the line art is stamped on top of it so you get that colored in look without having to paint it in by hand.
It's just so cute! This four plate set from CICI & SISI is filled with adorable dessert and diner images including coffee drinks, ice cream, candy, doughnuts, cake, and fried eggs. I love all the reverse stamp options and the cute emoji faces.
Price: $19.99
Pros:
Unique acrylic plate that won't get scratched
Layered stamping options
Super cute images
Cons:
Food nail art isn't everyone's cup of tea
Some are resistant to acrylic plates
8. DRK Nails' Seasons XL Stamping Plate
This plate is huge. It's almost six inches tall and four inches across so be aware that this isn't a standard size plate.
The plate is loosely divided into four sections: spring, summer, fall, and winter. Each fourth of the plate has designs that correspond to these seasons like cute flowers for spring, beach theme for summer, leaves for fall, and penguins for winter.
It stamps like a dream with perfect pick up and crisp lines. This plate alone can cover all your seasonal nail art needs which in great compared to buying separate plates for each season.
Price: $17
Pros:
Designs for all four seasons
Amazing stamping quality
Options for cutsie images and more elegant patterns
Cons:
Larger plate to store
9. Winstonia Third Generation 20 Piece Nail Art Stamping Plate Set
When you're on a budget and looking to get a wide variety all in one stop, Winstonia's Generation Collections are a good option. You get 20 circular plates with a huge range of designs including florals, abstract patterns, animals, circuit boards, and text.
I own Winstonia plates (bought with my own money) and I've found that they stamp well even with drugstore nail polish. Some images, like any negative space designs or text, will perform better with stamping polish.
The best part? It works out to less than $0.50 per plate.
Price: $8.95
Pros:
Affordable at less than $0.50 per plate
Huge variety of plates
Stamps well
Cons:
Not everyone is into round plates
10. Ejiubas' Fall Textures & Fairy Tales Set
With Ejiubas, you get double the amount of images per plate because they are etched on both sides. That does mean more flipping and making extra sure you're storing your plates so that they don't scratch each other, but it saves space and money.
One double-sided plate has Fall Textures with one whole side for detailed plaids that really look like stitching and the other side has unique textures like paint splatters, fingerprints, wood grain, and marker scribbles. You could get really creative with this plate.
The second plate is a collaboration with the brand Don Deeva and this plate has adorable images on both sides of unicorns, other cute animals, stars, and diamonds. It's a sweet feminine theme for both sides.
For the price, I'm impressed with how well Ejiubas' stamp. They create clear images, particularly with stamping polish.
Price: $9.99
Pros:
Space saving double-sided plates
Nice balance of cute and edgy
Images are very detailed
Stamps well
Cons:
Double-sided plates can be a hassle
Harder to store
See also:
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
The country's right-wing government claims its measures are about efficiency and modernisation. Critics accuse it of an assault on the judicial system's independence to cement its own power.
The head of Poland's Supreme Court is refusing to stand down in the latest dispute over judicial reforms that have pitched Warsaw into a legal battle with Brussels.
What is the latest row about?
New government legislation came into force at midnight on Tuesday, obliging Supreme Court judges to retire at 65 instead of 70.
It affects more than a third of judges in Poland's top court, with some 27 out of 72 facing early retirement.
The head of the Supreme Court, Malgorzata Gersdorf, is refusing to comply. Under the new measure, she had been told to stand down on Tuesday.
The 65-year-old Chief Justice had vowed to turn up for work as usual on Wednesday, which she duly did, declaring outside the court building that she was there to “protect the rule of law”.
She says Poland's constitution guarantees she should remain in her post until 2020, and refused to seek an extension for her mandate from President Andrzej Duda as that would amount to “subordination”.
Critics see the reform as the latest in a series of government measures aimed at politicising the judiciary.
The ruling conservative government plays down the reform, saying that parliament has the right to determine the retirement age of judges.
What else has the government done to the judicial system?
After winning the parliamentary election in 2015, the ruling Law and Justice (PiS) party set about increasing its control over the judiciary, passing a series of laws.
It has passed legislation that gives it control over the Constitutional Court, which has the power to veto laws, and the National Council of the Judiciary — the body that nominates judges.
Poland's Justice Minister Zbigniew Ziobro — also the prosecutor-general — has used another law to change about 20% of court presidents and their deputies.
The government argues the reforms are about making the courts more efficient. There are complaints that legal cases take too long and that some judges are corrupt.
Poland's prime minister says the reforms help sweep away remnants from the pre-1989 communist era. Mateusz Morawiecki has said he believes in the rule of law, but the mentality of judges from that period is to protect their own interests.
How has the European Union responded?
The European Commission sees the Polish government's actions as a threat to the rule of law, incompatible with EU values by eroding the separation of powers and undermining judicial independence.
On Monday (July 2) it launched legal action, which could lead to a decision in the European Court of Justice (ECJ) and the imposition of financial penalties.
The Commission earlier began a legal case last December, invoking Article 7 of the European Union Treaty — a procedure which could see Poland stripped of EU voting rights.
It has been in talks with the Polish government over the issue since early 2016.
What is the wider significance for the EU?
There are increasing concerns in the bloc over some countries' alleged contempt for the rule of law — and what to do about it.
Countries seeking to join the EU are tested on their respect for European values, but once admitted they face relatively few constraints.
There have been attempts by ruling parties in both Poland and Hungary to increase political control over state institutions.
The EU is considering possible curbs on development funding for countries who move towards authoritarianism — a move which could hit Poland hard as the biggest net beneficiary of EU funds.
However, Brussels has been accused of acting too slowly and ineffectively against Warsaw — failing to apply the sort of sanctions over democratic values that it imposes over commercial rules and standards.
“I think that this is probably more common than we think. We don't see the [nail] shedding until months after the event.”
FISH PEDICURES ROT YOUR FEET & THEY THROW THE FISH AWAY WHEN THE WATER GETS FETID. Don't do it! https://t.co/KEfJzjGA9m pic.twitter.com/uBfxf9fLQ6 — Ingrid Newkirk (@IngridNewkirk) July 3, 2018
A young woman, who is believed to be from New York, went for a fish pedicure some six months ago and now her toes are reportedly falling out.
The woman, who remains unidentified, went to a spa and dipped her feet in a tub of water that was full of small fish known as Garra rufa or “doctor fish.” Little did she know that instead of making her feet clean the treatment would end up being a disturbing medical mystery.
After the pedicure, over a period of several months, the woman's toenails stopped growing and eventually began falling off.
The case came to light after the woman's doctor published a report in JAMA Dermatology – a peer review journal. The condition in dermatological terms is known as onychomadesis, in which a person's nails start coming off
“I think that this is probably more common than we think,” said the report's author, Dr. Shari R. Lipner, an assistant professor of dermatology at Weill Cornell Medicine and director of the nail division.
“We don't see the [nail] shedding until months after the event, so I think it's hard for patients and physicians – especially if they're not even aware that fish pedicures can do this – to make that connection,” she added.
Lipner added although there is no definite way to determine that the fish pedicure was the reason behind the abnormal toenails fall, she is pretty sure it is what caused the condition. That is because the woman didn't have any other medical problems that could attribute to the situation.
The doctor also shared past reports where fish pedicures resulted in infections.
Although fish pedicures are becoming extremely popular, there is always a risk of infection involved. According to health experts, fish spas are open to infections because the tubs may not be properly cleaned between uses.
Moreover, certain types of skin disorders, cuts on the feet or legs and recent waxing or shaving can also increase the risk infections.
Apart from skin infections, fish spas are also accused of spreading blood borne infections that include, HIV and hepatitis C. For instance if a person infected with such a disease comes for a fish pedicure and by any chance they bleed in the water, it will automatically get infected and become dangerous for others.
After mounting concerns from health experts, fish pedicures have been banned in 10 U.S. states but they continue to be carried out in the United Kingdom.
However, according to David Verner-Jeffreys, a senior microbiologist at the Centre for Environment, Fisheries and Aquaculture Science in the U.K., it is becoming unpopular steadily.
“It was a bit of a craze people got excited about, and then they moved on to the next thing. We did have some concerns about the welfare of these animals being transported around the world, often by people with limited experience,” he said.
Read More Salon Visit Ends In A Death Threat For Detroit Woman
Banner/Thumbnail Credits: Eric BERACASSAT/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images
Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in the United States taking the lives of more than 2,000 people each day.
Both men and women are equally at risk, but there are simple steps you can take to prevent heart disease.
See Also
CHECK YOUR FAMILY HISTORY
If you have a first degree relative (mother, father, sibling) with heart disease before the age of 60, you are at higher risk for premature cardiovascular disease. Knowing your family history can give you the advanced knowledge to stay healthy, visit your doctor on a regular basis and avoid potentially high-risk behavior.
STOP SMOKING
One third of all cardiovascular death in the United States is related to smoking. Smoking causes weakening of the arterial wall, which increases cholesterol build up within the arteries leading to heart attacks and death. Smoking also increases the bad cholesterol in your blood, lowers your good cholesterol and increases your triglycerides. These causes increased plaque buildup within the wall of all arteries in your body. In addition, smoking causes your blood to clot easier, increasing your heart attack risk.
KNOW YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE
One in every three adults has high blood pressure. Deemed the silent killer, high blood pressure may cause years of damage to your heart and body that could have easily been prevented. For most adults, the ideal blood pressure is 120 over 80. Taking time to measure your blood pressure at one of the many public stations is a simple way to become aware of an early problem. The best way to prevent high blood pressure is to exercise, limit the salt in your diet, stop smoking and maintain a healthy body weight.
KNOW YOUR CHOLESTEROL NUMBERS
High cholesterol plays a major role in heart attacks and stroke. Cholesterol is measured as your total cholesterol, bad cholesterol (LDL), good cholesterol (HDL) and triglycerides. If you do not have a family history or high risk for heart disease, men need to get their cholesterol checked starting at age 35 and women at 45. If you have a family history of heart disease or at high risk (known familial hyperlipidemia, type 1 diabetes), you need to start checking your cholesterol at age 20. Total cholesterol goal should be 200, bad cholesterol less than 100, good cholesterol over 40 and triglycerides under 150. The best way to control your cholesterol is to exercise, stop smoking, control your blood sugar/diabetes and eat a healthy diet. One of the best diets for lowering cholesterol and overall improved heart health is the Mediterranean Diet.
EXERCISE AND GET IN SHAPE
The American Heart Association recommends all adults over age 18 do at least 150 minutes of moderate exercise or 75 minutes of vigorous exercise per week for ideal cardiovascular health. This equals about 30 minutes a day, five days a week. By exercising and getting into shape, you can reduce your weight, improve your cholesterol, lower your blood pressure and improve your overall mental and physical health.
TOOLS IN ASSESSING CARDIOVASCULAR RISK
Over the last 40 years, there have been multiple risk models and cardiac tests that help assess if an individual is at higher risk. A newer tool is a coronary calcium score. This test is a brief CT Scan of the heart to look for calcium build up. A calcium score of zero indicates low risk and a calcium score of more than 400 indicates high risk for heart disease. The Multiethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) Calcium Score risk model adds more precision by using calcium score, age (45 and higher), race, family history, blood pressure, total cholesterol value and good cholesterol value (HDL) to determined low, intermediate or high cardiovascular risk. Finally, a coronary CT Angiogram is a CT Scan of the heart using IV dye to get a picture of the heart arteries.
There are many controllable risk factors that increase your risk for the development of heart disease. Knowing these risk factors and taking early action to improve them can prevent a heart attack or even death.
Ruple J Galani, MD, FACC, is a board certified cardiologist with Baptist Heart Specialists Beaches and president-elect of the Duval County Medical Society. He did his Internal Medicine Residency at the University of Florida and finished his Cardiology Fellowship from The Ohio State University. Baptist Heart Specialists Beaches is located at 1361 13th Ave. South, Suite 270, Jacksonville Beach. He can be reached at (904) 241-7147.
Education authorities insist a major overhaul of the special needs assistant (SNA) scheme in schools will improve outcomes for young people and is not a cover for cost-cutting.
Almost 35,000 students with additional care needs - such as autism - are currently supported by more than 14,000 special needs assistants to attend school each day.
The Department of Public Expenditure has previously expressed concern over “rapidly escalating”costs which have jumped by more than third in the past five years to half a billion euro.
A review of the scheme by the National Council for Special Education has found that, while it works well for some pupils, “radical changes” are needed to improve outcomes for students.
This involves broadening the current role of SNAs - which are confined to care needs such as toileting, mobility and feeding - to help assist with the delivery of speech and language or occupational therapy, and with meeting children's emotional and social needs.
On foot of this, the council recommends raising the qualifications required to become a SNA, better training and greater access to speech and language and other therapies within schools.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton welcomed the report and said it was clear the State's existing response to meeting the needs of students with additional care needs should be broadened to offer a more comprehensive and tailored response.
“My Department will now begin to develop proposals to implement the recommendations of the comprehensive review of the SNA scheme,” he said.
Other recommendations include:
* Re-naming SNAs as “inclusion support assistants”, to reflect their focus on developing student's independence;
* Boosting access to a greater range of supports, and making expertise available in regional teams to support schools. This will include 10 regional teams with 230 specialist teachers, therapists, special educational needs organisers and behavioural practitioners who will work directly with schools and students;
* Provision of in-school therapy;
* Training and upskilling for SNAs as well as teachers and the wider school community
The council has estimated that the changes would cost an additional €40 million a year, and says they should be phased in over a number of years.
Teresa Griffin, the council's chief executive, said thousands of SNAs have worked extremely hard to meet the needs of students with additional care needs.
“However, the reality is that, to get the best outcomes, students need the right support from the right person at the right time,” she said.
“Students may need speech and language therapists, occupational therapists, nursing supports and people who are trained to help them manage challenging behaviours. They may need access to SNAs who are trained to meet their additional care needs.”
The proposed changes follow an 18-month review of the scheme, along with consultation with schools, parents, policy-makers and students.
The National Association of Principals and Deputy Principals said the council's proposals were a “ huge leap forward” by recognising the wide range of supports required by students.
However, the group's director Clive Byrne said funding must be prioritised and ring-fenced.
By Jimitota Onoyume
WARRI—Indigenes of Ohorhe 1 community, Uvwie Local Government Area, Delta State, have sent an SOS to President Muhammadu Buhari over threat by the Nigerian Army to evict them from their community over claim that the area had been earmarked for an Army barracks.
They said the Army recently came to erect signpost in some area with inscriptions “Army land, keep off.”
Mr. Silver Ofugara, an indigene, who spoke to Vanguard said: “My parents are from this community. The Army eviction notice is a threat to my citizenship. If the Army takes over this land, then I am no longer a Nigerian.”
Another indigene, Chief Julius Oghojamuni, pleaded with the Federal Government to wade into the matter and direct the Army to leave their community alone.
He said: “The Army came and asked us to move out in one week, that our community was for Army Barracks. We were all surprised.
“We ran to our king, while the senior man in our community ran to the Orodje of Okpe, General Mujakpero (retd), because his mother is from Okpe.
“The Orodje went to Abuja and when he came back, the soldiers were asked to clean the marks they inscribed on our walls.
“However, they kept disturbing us, so we rushed to court; nothing has come from the court till date.
“Surprisingly, soldiers came back to our community recently, saying they had been told not to move in and for now.
“They came again, taking photographs of the community. They warned us not to build and that if we did, they will destroy the building.
“They came again few days ago with signboards asking us to keep off the community that it is Army land.”
Army reacts
When Vanguard contacted spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brigadier General Texas Chukwu, he said: “I have not heard of it. I will find out. I will call the military location in that state and from 4 Brigade Benin Cities to find out.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Albion boss Alan Pardew bemoaned the frantic three-game week that he believes cost his side as Southampton took the spoils after a 3-2 victory at The Hawthorns.
Having expended plenty of energy in the FA Cup victory at Liverpool last weekend, then having visited Manchester City on Wednesday, Albion left themselves little in reserve for the crucial relegation encounter against the Saints.
Seven first-team players were unavailable to Pardew because of various injuries, and their visitors took full advantage with an impressive display and three goals.
This was despite a promising start that saw Albion take the lead within five minutes through Ahmed Hegazi's bullet header from a corner.
It leaves Pardew's Baggies four points adrift at the bottom of the table - and he felt his side were spent by the end.
“The squad was a little bit light today in terms of freshening things up, and I think that showed,” he said after the match.
“They looked a bit fresher than us, a couple of changes they made in midfield.
“They had a bit more energy, particularly [Mario] Lemina - I thought he was a handful for us.
“It was difficult for us to cope with him today.
“We got off to a great start, we could have got a second goal from a set-play, which was a bit unfortunate, and then that twenty minutes before half time was the period we lost the game.
“We just looked a little bit off the pace then, and they got the two goals at a good time for them.
“Two quick goals - that hurt us as well.”
RATINGS
Southampton claimed all three points in a frenetic Premier League match at The Hawthorns which only leaves hosts West Bromwich Albion in deeper trouble at the bottom of the table.
Goals from Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game on its head after Ahmed Hegazi's opener, and James Ward-Prowse, from a free-kick in the second half, sealed the 3-2 victory.
Salomon Rondon pulled on back in the last twenty minutes, but it proved to be in vain and the Saints inflicted a serious blow to their survival hopes, while strengthening their own.
Alan Pardew handed Daniel Sturridge his first start for the Baggies, having arrived at the club on loan from Liverpool on Monday.
Mauricio Pellegrino also flaunted his own new attacker, £19m forward Guido Carrillo, who started for the first time since his move from Monaco last month.
It was an emotionally charged afternoon at The Hawthorns, as Albion paid tribute to the late Cyrille Regis prior to kick off.
Here's how Albion rated.
Foster - 7
Could have done very little about Southampton's first-half goals. If anything, Foster was one of the better players for Albion.
He pulled off an expert save to deny Carrillo before Lemina's equaliser and his collection from crosses was top drawer.
Was left unsighted for the third.
Dawson - 5
Struggled, like Nyom on the opposing side, to handle livewire Boufal for much of the afternoon.
The pairing with Phillips on the right hand side, which usually is cohesive, didn't offer the same threat.
McAuley - 5
The captain saved his side when Tadic got in between Foster and Hegazi, but he also fouled Hoedt in the build up to Ward-Prowse's eventual winner.
Plenty for him to deal with as Carrillo kept Albion busy too.
Hegazi - 7
A bullet header from Chris Brunt's corner to begin proceedings was met with rapturous cheers.
That should have set the tone for the afternoon, but the performance never came.
Nyom - 5
Played on his weaker side, Nyom got forward on a couple of occasions in the first half and offered testing crosses.
Defensively, though, the Cameroonian struggled to cope with the lively Tadic and Boufal for large periods.
Yacob - 5
Certainly effective in a midfield three, Yacob struggled as just a pair alongside veteran Gareth Barry.
The legs and drive of Grzegorz Krychowiak were certainly missed.
Replaced after an hour.
Barry - 5
Booked for a lunge on Romeu in the first half, and had to watch himself from thereon in.
Tidy on the ball, as always, but featuring as a two alongside Yacob saw him overrun on a number of occasions.
Brunt - 7
A typical Brunt delivery set up Hegazi's opening goal. Another brilliant ball in the second half, this one from open play, provided Rondon the chance to head home - and he duly obliged.
One of the more positive performances from an Albion player today.
Phillips - 5
His deliveries weren't at the required level today.
The winger offered pace and width, but wasn't able to affect the game in the final third.
Lost a crucial 50-50 in the build up to the corner from Lemina's opener.
Rondon - 6
Ran and ran in the first half, but passed up a couple of openings.
Played in Burke for his golden chance, and linked up better generally with Rodriguez when he entered the fray.
Sturridge - 6
Looked lively with the ball at his feet, though the supply wasn't always what he's enjoyed at Liverpool.
Had one chance, from a tight angle in the first half, but generally he'll hope for better in the coming weeks.
Subs
Rodriguez (for Sturridge, 62) - 6
Perhaps unlucky to be dropped, having been in such fine form, but he looked a man on a mission when he came on.
Involved in some positive build up play that didn't bear any fruit.
Burke (for Yacob, 62) - 6
Provided a fresh pair of legs and demonstrated his searing pace within minutes of entering the fray.
Stayed on his feet under a challenge from McCarthy and appeared a chance missed - but could he have had a penalty?
McClean (for Nyom, 77) - 5
Provided an urgency when he came on.
A poor cross proved to waste an opportunity in the latter stages, and he then lost the ball deep into stoppage time as Albion looked to mount an attack to rescue the game.
Subs not used: Myhill, Jameson, Harper, Field
Southampton - McCarthy; Cedric, Stephens, Hoedt, Bertrand; Lemina, Romeu, Ward-Prowse, Boufal (Hojberg 85), Tadic (Redmond, 88); Carrillo (Long, 75)
Subs not used: Forster, Yoshida, Davis, Gabbiadini
GOALS
Albion - Hegazi (4), Rondon (72); Southampton - Lemina (4), Stephens (43), Ward-Prowse (55)
REF - Michael Oliver (Northumberland)
ATTENDANCE : 25,911 (2,175 away)
NEXT UP: Chelsea (a) - Monday 12 February (8pm KO)
What comes to mind when you think of carnivals? Hot summer days? Sticky treats? Stomach-curdling rides? How about H-2B visas?
That's what producer-director Jamie Sisley thinks about, along with the nostalgia.
“I remember the carnival pretty vividly as a boy,” Sisley said. “And it was also really interesting to me to think that the vast majority of these, you know, "carnies" are actually, you know, legal Mexican migrant workers who were coming up and working all the fairs around the country. We thought it would be interesting to cover the difficulties of coming in legally,” Sisley said of his documentary “Farewell Ferris Wheel,” which he made with filmmaker Miguel Martinez. It airs Oct. 10 as part of the World Channel's America ReFramed series.
Like a lot of industries, Sisley said the carnival business is “significantly smaller” than it used to be, with two big carnivals on each coast and a lot of smaller mom-and-pop fairs. “Farewell Ferris Wheel” looks at how the traveling amusement parks stay alive with the help of H-2B visas and the migrant Mexican workers they provide.
Those visas, issued by the federal government, temporarily allow low-skilled foreign workers to come to the U.S. and work for seasonal businesses, like amusement parks, hotels and souvenir shops. Seasonal businesses depend heavily on H-2B workers, and when the number of visas dropped last year, they scrambled to find staff, leading some businesses to suffer.
Marketplace Weekend host Lizzie O'Leary spoke to Sisley about “Farewell Ferris Wheel,” the people behind the H-2B visa process and the workers and who survive on them. An edited transcript of their conversation follows.
Lizzie O'Leary: You and your co-filmmaker followed this group of Mexican migrant workers and focused on the H-2B visa. Can you tell me a little bit about the program and how these guys get their work authorization?
Jamie Sisley: [Employers] have to start with a demonstrated need. And that's pretty laborious. I mean, you have to publish newspaper articles, physical newspaper articles still, you have to prove that nobody was able to sort of take those positions. And then once there's that demonstrated need on the workers side, you have to actually get a visa, and then those visas are pretty difficult to get because they're very competitive. Every year, the cap for the visas fluctuates. It's 66,000 typically. There's a lot to it.
Lizzie O'Leary: One of the most fascinating parts of this film is that it focuses on one guy who is kind of the link between workers and the carnivals who need labor. This guy Jim Judkins. I want to play a clip from him and talk about him a little bit. Let's play it.
Jim Judkins: I'm the person that processes 81 percent of all the H-2B visas for the outdoor entertainment industry in the country. I didn't realize that I handle such a large percentage.
O'Leary: 81 percent is a staggering amount. How many people does that mean? You know, who Jim is bringing into this country to do this work?
Sisley: Well again, it fluctuates, but typically in the carnival industry it's anywhere between three to five thousand people a year that come up on these visas, and that sort of percentage we found was sort of typical for a lot of these industries. Generally, it's really organic. It starts, you know, a recruiter will maybe they'll work for a carnival or a circus or another industry, and they'll find somebody that they they're close to, they come up for the visa, and then their brother or their uncle or their sister, you know, is used as a referral, and it just sort of trickles down from there. And that's what happened in Jim's case. Jim used to work at a circus for many, many years, and a lot of the people he worked with there just ended up referring their friends and people in the community, and they all came from the same town, Tlapacoyan.
O'Leary: There's a really interesting moment toward the end of this film where there's like a banquet and celebration for these workers, and someone refers to them as the Jim Judkins workforce family. And it's kind of a weird moment, because it gets at this duality of, you know, he is facilitating their entry into the U.S. But is he a fair broker? Who does he work for, et cetera? There is a quote from one of the workers who say, “You know, we don't necessarily like him, but we need him.” What is his business, and how do people like Jim Judkins for the carnival industry or other industries, like, how do they function?
Sisley: Well, I think it starts in terms of Jim, it starts with a really, really deep love of the circus and carnival. Jim doesn't have, you know, a wife and kids. The carnival is his life. And I think that if you hear it from his point of view, he's sort of taken it upon himself to sort of help save the carnival industry, because, you know, in his eyes and a lot of the employers' eyes, if it wasn't for these workers, the carnival just wouldn't be able to sort of subsist. On the other hand, people look at the H-2B as a way to sort of artificially keep costs down. And they look at people like Jim and other recruiters, as, you know, someone who is a sort of helps promulgates that. And so it really does depend on your point of view.
O'Leary: You followed this group of workers coming up for seasonal work. What has their experience been like, you know, during the time that you followed them?
Sisley: It's been a really interesting following the workers, and generally speaking, the workers are very happy to come up. And you have to understand that, you know, we follow the workers starting in their hometowns in Tlapacoyan, which is about 14 hours south of the U.S. border. You know, we followed them to the orange fields, into the coffee fields, where, you know, they were paid anywhere between $3 to $10 a day for pretty backbreaking work. And so for them to come up here to the U.S. and make $350 a week and that's the start. And you know, if they stay longer, if they come, they're returning each year. A lot of them get bonuses. And so they get paid more than that. You know, that's a lot more money than what they're getting paid. And if you look at the kind of work they're doing, you know, a lot of Americans would sort of shake their heads and say, “You know, I would never want to take down rides or travel around the country or live in these bunk houses.” But to these workers, the work is comparable if not maybe a little bit easier than trying to, you know, pick oranges and take them down mountains.
O'Leary: A couple of years ago, the Labor Department put in some protections for folks who are working on an H-2B visa. What did they do?
Sisley: Well, I mean the short answer to that is not much to nothing, because there's no enforcement. That's the real problem. There have been a lot of discussion about adding a lot of, you know, a lot of protections for workers over the years. But at the end of the day, if you look at actual cases that have occurred as a result of those, there's almost nothing there. The real problem is there's just not any financing in place to help these departments that are supposed to oversee the regulations. And someone really needs to, you know, look into that and try to address it.
O'Leary: You know, ultimately Congress did increase the number of H-2B visas allowed each year, you know, as we talked about at the beginning, but when you look at the carnival industry, is that going to be enough to keep them afloat?
Sisley: You know, my opinion on that is that it would and it's also important here to sort of note, we didn't find any carnival owners that were, you know, rich. They're all usually three-, four-generation-deep organizations that are having a lot of trouble staying afloat. That's a fact. And again, we have a lot of respect for that industry. But I do think they would still survive if they didn't have these visas in place.
Grizzly Bear have released their colorful new video for “Mourning Sound,” a track off the group's upcoming LP Painted Ruins.
Filmed in Paris by director Beatrice
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Watch Grizzly Bear's Liberating ‘Mourning Sound' Video
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With temperatures set to plummet overnight and snow still on the ground many schools have taken the decision to close on Tuesday December 12.
Here we have compiled a list of schools that are closed across the region on Tuesday.
If the school is open we advise checking the school's website as many are opening late, or only for certain yeargroups.
There may still be schools which are set to close, but have not yet announced their decision. So, if your school is not on the below list it's best to check directly with your school just in case.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The following schools will be closed on Tuesday December 12 2017:
Primary Schools in Birmingham
Abbey Catholic Primary School
Acocks Green Primary School
Adderley Primary School
Al-Furqan Primary School
Albert Bradbeer
Primary Academy
Allens Croft Primary School
Alston Primary School
Anderton Park Primary School
Anglesey Primary School
Banners Gate Primary School
Barford Primary School
Bells Farm Primary School
Benson Community School
Billesley Primary School
Birchfield Community School
Blakesley Hall Primary School
Bordesley Green Primary School
Brookvale Primary School
Brownmead Primary Academy
Calshot Primary School
Canterbury Cross Primary School
Chilcote Primary School
Cherry Orchard Primary School
Chilwell Croft Academy
Christ Church CofE Controlled Primary School and Nursery
Chivenor Primary School
City Road Primary Academy
Clifton Primary
City Road
Cofton Primary School
Colebourne Primary School
Colmers Farm Primary School
Coppice Primary School
Corpus Christi Catholic Primary School
Cotteridge Primary School
Court Farm Primary School
Deykin Avenue Junior and Infant School
Erdington Hall Primary School
Dorrington Academy
Four Dwellings Primary Academy
Firs Academy
Featherstone
Four Oaks Primary School
Elms Farm Community Primary School
George Dixon Primary School
Glenmead Primary School
Gilbertstone Primary School
Gossey Lane Academy
Great Barr Primary School
Green Meadow Primary School
Greet Primary School
Grestone Academy
Grendon Primary
Grove School
Guardian Angels Catholic Primary School
Harborne Primary School
Hawkesley Church Primary Academy
Harper Bell
Hawthorn Primary School
Heathfield Primary School
Heathlands Primary Academy
Hill West Primary
Highters Heath Community School
Hillstone Primary School
Hillstone Primary School
Hodge Hill Primary School
Hollyfield Primary School
Hollywood Primary School
Holy Cross Catholic Primary School
Holy Trinity CE Primary Academy (Handsworth)
Holy Souls School
Holy Trinity CE Primary Academy (Handsworth)
James Watt Primary School
Jervoise School
Kings David School
Kings Norton Junior and Infant School
Kings Rise Academy
Hall Green Junior School
Kingsland Primary School (NC)
Kingsthorne Primary School
Kitwell Primary School and Nursery Class
Ladypool Primary School
Lakey Lane Junior and Infant School
Lea Forest Primary Academy
Leigh Primary School
Little Sutton primary School
Mansfield Green E-ACT Academy
Mapledene Primary School
Marsh Hill Primary School
Maryvale Catholic Primary School
Mere Green Primary School
Merritts Brook Primary E-ACT Academy
Minworth Junior and Infant School
Montgomery Primary Academy
Moor Green Primary Academy
Moor Hall Primary School
Moseley Church of England Primary School
Nansen Primary School
Nechells Primary E-ACT Academy
Nelson Junior and Infant School
New Hall Primary and Children's Centre
New Oscott Primary School
Northfield Manor Primary Academy
Oasis Academy Hobmoor
Oasis Academy Shortheath
Osborne Primary School
Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Primary School
Paganel Primary School
Paget Primary School
Parkfield Community School
Pegasus Primary School
Percy Shurmer Academy
Penns
Raddlebarn Primary School
Shaw Hill Primary School
Severne Junior Infant and Nursery School
St Barnabus Church of England Primary School
Sacred Heart Catholic School
Regents Park Community Primary School
Red Hill Junior and Infant School
Twickenham Primary School
Ward End Primary School
Warren Farm Primary School
Water Mill Primary School
Wattville Primary School
Welford Primary School
Welsh House Farm Community School and Special Needs Resources Base
West Heath Primary School
Westminster Primary School
Wheelers Lane Primary School
Whitehouse Common Primary School
Woodcock Hill Primary School
Woodgate Primary School
Woodhouse Primary Academy
Woodthorpe Junior and Infant School
Wychall Primary School
Wylde Green Primary School
Wyndcliffe Primary School
Yardley Wood Community Primary School
Yarnfield Primary School
Yenton Primary School
Yew Tree Community Junior and Infant School (NC)
Yorkmead Junior and Infant School
Slade Primary School
Springfield Primary School
Robin Hood Academy
SS Mary and John Catholic Primary School
SS John & Monica Catholic Primary School
St Ambrose Barlow Catholic Primary School
St Augustine's Catholic Primary School
St Bernard's Catholic Primary School
St Anne's Catholic Primary School
St Catherine of Siena
St Clare's Catholic Primary School
St Columba's Catholic Primary School#
St Clement's Church of England Academy
St Brigid's Catholic Primary School
St Cuthbert's Catholic Primary School
St Dunstan's Catholic Primary School
St Francis Catholic Primary School
St Gerard's Catholic Primary School
Quinton Church Primary School
St Thomas CofE Academy
St Thomas More Catholic Primary School
St Wilfrid's Catholic Junior and Infant School
St George's Church Of England Primary School
St Teresa's Catholic Primary School
Stanville Primary SchStechford Primary School
Stirchley Primary School
Story Wood School and Children's Centre
Summerfield Junior and Infant School
Sundridge Primary School
Tame Valley Academy
The Deanery Church of England Primary School
The Meadows Primary School
The Oaklands Primary School
The Oaks Primary School
The Olive School, Birmingham
The Oratory Roman Catholic Primary School
The Orchards Primary Academy
The Oval SchoolThe Rosary Catholic Primary School
The Shirestone Academy
Thornton Primary School
Timberley Academy
Tiverton Academy
Topcliffe Primary School
Turves Green Primary School
St Francis Church of England Aided Primary School and Nursery
St Edward's Catholic Primary School
St James CE Primary School
St Margaret Mary Catholic Primary School
St Mark's Catholic Primary School
St Marys C of E Primary and Nursery, Academy, Handsworth
St Matthew's C of E Primary School
St Nicholas Catholic Primary School
St Paul's Catholic Primary School
St Peter's Catholic Primary School
St Saviour's C of E Primary School
Prince Albert Primary School
Secondary schools in Birmingham
Al-Hijrah School, Bordesley Green
Archbishop Ilsley Catholic School & Sixth Form
Arthur Terry School
Aston Manor Academy
Balaam Wood School, Frankley
Bartley Green School, Bartley Green
Bishop Challoner 6th Form
Bishop Vesey's Grammar School
Bishop Walsh Catholic School
Bournville School, Bournville
Cardinal Wiseman RC School Kingstanding
Cockshut Hill Technology College, Yardley
Colmers School, Rednal
Dame Elizabeth Cadbury Technology College, Bournville
Erdington Academy, Erdington
Four Dwellings Academy, Quinton
George Dixon Academy, Harborne
Great Barr School, Great Barr
Greenwood Academy, Castle Vale
Hall Green School, Hall Green
(Image: Graham Young)
Hamstead Hall Academy, Handsworth Wood
Handsworth Grammar School, Handsworth
Handsworth Wood Girls' Academy, Handsworth Wood
Harborne Academy, Edgbaston
Hillcrest School, Bartley Green
Hodge Hill Girls' School, Hodge Hill
Holte School, Lozells
Holy Trinity RC School, Small Heath
King Edward VI Aston School, Aston
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Boys, Kings Heath
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Girls, Kings Heath
King Edward VI Five Ways School, Bartley Green
John Willmott School, Sutton Coldfield
King Edward VI Sheldon Heath Academy, Sheldon
King Edward VI Camp Hill School for Girls, Kings Heath
King Edward VI Five Ways School, Bartley Green
King Edward VI Handsworth School, Handsworth
King Solomon International Business School, Duddeston
Kings Heath Boys, Kings Heath
King's Norton Boys' School, Kings Norton
Kings Norton Girls' School, Kings Norton
Lordswood Boys' School, Harborne
Lordswood Girls' School, Harborne
Moseley School, Moseley
Ninestiles School, Acocks Green
North Birmingham Academy, Erdington
Perry Beeches III The Free School, Ladywood
Perry Beeches IV The Free School, Birmingham City Centre
Perry Beeches V The All Through Family School, Small Heath
Plantsbrook School, Sutton Coldfield
Queensbridge School, Moseley
Rockwood Academy, Alum Rock
St Edmund Campion RC School, Erdington
St Paul's School for Girls, Edgbaston
St Thomas Aquinas RC School, Kings Norton
Selly Park Technology College for Girls, Selly Park
Starbank School, Small Heath
Stockland Green School, Stockland Green
Sutton Coldfield Grammar School for Girls, Sutton Coldfield
Swanshurst School, Billesley
Turves Green Boys' School, Northfield
Turves Green Girls' School, Northfield
Washwood Heath Academy, Washwood Heath
Waverley School, Small Heath
Waverley Studio College, Bordesley Green
Wheelers Lane Technology College, Kings Heath
Yardleys School, Tyseley
Junior schools
Ark Chamberlain Primary Academy
Beeches Junior School
Bellfield Junior School
Birches Green Junior School
Boldmere Junior School
Bournville Junior School
Broadmeadow Junior School
Cedars Academy
Hall Green Junior School
Lyndon Green Junior School
Marlborough Junior School
Oasis Academy Blakenhale Junior
Princethorpe Junior School
Reaside Academy
Rednal Hill Junior School
St Laurence Church Junior School
Town Junior School
Walmley Junior School
Wilkes Green Junior School
World's End Junior School
Parents were urged to check individual school websites and social media channels for updates.
Spokesman Colin Diamond said: “Following extensive consultation with headteachers, city council colleagues and highways engineers, we have taken the decision to allow individual council run schools, nursery schools, day nurseries, children's centres and other early years settings to make individual decisions on whether to open or not tomorrow.
“The key roads around the city are now cleared and the position on side roads is varying.
“Given some may be now much better thanks to the efforts of the city's excellent gritting teams, it was not considered appropriate to repeat yesterday's blanket closure, when conditions were much worse.
“The safety of our children and young people continues to be of paramount importance and I would ask those running the schools and other settings to make a full assessment of their local conditions before making a final individual decision.
“For those in receipt of a school transport service, providers of those services will make a case-by-case decision on whether to operate on safety grounds too – so this may mean that although a pupil's school is open, their transport is not provided.
“We apologise in advance for any inconvenience this may cause.
“Parents and carers should check their school websites, social media feeds and listen out to local radio for updates on if they are open tomorrow.”
This has been a big week for the U.S. Supreme Court. In four separate cases, it applied stricter scrutiny to racial quotas and preferences in higher education, overturned part of the Voting Rights Act, ruled unconstitutional the Defense of Marriage Act and dismissed an appeal of a case overturning California voters' ban on same-sex marriage.
At the same time, it pointedly declined to declare that there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage.
There were victories and setbacks here for political and cultural conservatives and for political and cultural liberals.
Only one of the four cases was decided by the familiar 5-4 split between supposedly conservative and supposedly liberal justices. In the other three, as often this year, there were different lineups.
The common thread I see is that this is a court that has mostly tried to keep the three branches of the federal government and the states from interfering with one another.
This was arguably true in Fisher v. University of Texas, the case on racial preferences in college and university admissions. The decision was written by Justice Anthony Kennedy, who had dissented from the 2003 decision allowing quotas.
But Kennedy declined to rule them out altogether, as Justice Clarence Thomas urged. Rather, Kennedy said courts should apply “strict scrutiny” to preferences that must be “narrowly tailored,” as he argued in his 2003 dissent.
Justice Stephen Breyer, in the majority then, agreed with this narrowing, forming a 7-1 majority. Only Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg dissented.
Fisher may discourage schools from employing racial quotas, and it could lead them to consider giving preferences to disadvantage applicants not classified as black or Hispanic. That could result in less litigation.
The court did strike down a federal law in Shelby County v. Holder, Section 4 of the Voting Rights Act. That provision requires certain states and localities, based on low black turnout in elections between 1964 and 1972 (mostly but not all in the South), to get pre-clearance of any election law changes from the federal Justice Department.
The criteria make no sense today, and Congress should write new ones, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote. The problem is that today black turnout rates are higher than white ones in Mississippi, while the state where they lag the farthest behind is Massachusetts.
So Congress may not be able to come up with new criteria. That would mean less federal interference with the states. Individuals and the Justice Department can still sue to stop racial discrimination in voting where it exists under Section 2.
The Defense of Marriage Act, signed by President Bill Clinton in 1996, bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages authorized by states, and allows states not to recognize same-sex marriages from other states. It was overturned 5-4 in United States v. Windsor, written by Kennedy.
That means that same-sex couples can file joint federal tax returns and qualify for the spousal exemption in federal estate tax.
It may mean that same-sex couples can get divorces in states that don't allow them to marry. It may overturn any state law barring same-sex couples from adopting children. Other wrinkles are left to the states to sort out.
But the court was unwilling to impose same-sex marriage on states that don't want it. That was the practical effect of Hollingsworth v. Perry, which left in place a California federal trial court decision overturning California's Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage.
The state declined to defend the law on appeal, and the chief justice wrote that the private parties who appealed lacked the standing to do so. He got the votes of the unusual coalition of justices Antonin Scalia, Ginsburg, Breyer and Elena Kagan.
Ginsburg supports Roe v. Wade but has spoken with some concern about the furor the court caused by legalizing abortion across the nation. She and some colleagues may have dreaded a similar furor if the court legalized same-sex marriage everywhere.
The practical effect is that California now has same-sex marriage. But polls indicate that California voters stood ready to reverse Proposition 8's narrow 52 to 48 percent margin if the issue again got on the ballot.
These decisions, which tend to restrain branches of government from interfering with each other, were the product of no single coalition. No justice voted with the majority in all four cases, but each voted with the majority in two or three. A thought-provoking session.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a Fox News Channel contributor and a co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. Click here to contact him, follow him on Twitter: @MichaelBarone, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are his own.
This post contains spoilers for the first season of Westworld.
It seems like just yesterday that Westworld fans were sighing about having to wait till 2018 for more sexy robot shenanigans, but now the season two premiere date is finally almost upon us. Unless you're willing to devote 10 hours to a rewatch, though, you might need a quick refresher on season one's events. Donald Trump wasn't even the president when it aired! Kylie Jenner didn't have a child! Camila Cabello was still in Fifth Harmony! Fifth Harmony was still in Fifth Harmony! The point is, so much has happened in real life since then that there's barely any space left for keeping track of who's a robot and who's not, so here's a guide to everything you need to remember before the season premiere airs on April 22.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ford
All season long, Dr. Ford wouldn't stop talking about the new narrative he was creating for the park, even as the Delos corporate overlords who own the park tried to push him out. Also all season long, we saw hosts gradually gain consciousness as they remembered all the terrible things that visitors had done to them. This, it turns out, was part of Ford's new narrative, and he was training them to rise up for an eventual revolution — it just took him much longer to do it than Arnold would have liked. While presenting this new story to the Delos assembly, Ford said it would be his last, then let Dolores shoot him in the head. Whether this was the real Ford or a robot clone is still unknown, but for now, the assumption is that he's given the hosts the tools they need to rebel against their Delos captors.
Dolores
Teddy and Dolores have a chat. HBO
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The major Dolores-related reveal to remember is that Dolores is Wyatt, the infamous bad guy the hosts refer to as having massacred a bunch of people. Arnold was conflicted about the hosts being conscious when the park was in development, and programmed Dolores to kill all the hosts in Westworld with the help of Teddy. Dolores also killed Arnold at that point. In the season finale, Dolores finds out that her pal William was really the Man in Black and beats him, and later, when Ford reveals his master "narrative" to the audience, she shoots Ford and the gathered assembly.
Bernard
Bernard, lest you forget, is a robot, and essentially a clone of Arnold, Dr. Ford's original partner in building Westworld. After finding out (apparently not for the first time) that he was a clone and a puppet of Ford's, Bernard shot himself in the head per Ford's orders but was later resurrected.
Maeve
Maeve in rebellion-plotting mode. HBO
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Maeve appeared to be leading the robot rebellion within Westworld, but Bernard 2.0 discovered that her rebellious consciousness had actually been programmed into her by Ford. With Armistice (the host with all the snake tattoos), Maeve and Hector went on a bit of a rampage inside the control facilities and she boarded a train leaving Westworld that would take her to the "mainland." While on the train, she saw a mother and daughter and though of her own host daughter, then decided to leave the train and head back in the direction of Westworld.
The Man in Black
As plenty of people theorized, the Man in Black was actually William, and all those scenes where William was running around with Dolores were actually flashbacks. Over the years, William became increasingly bored with the storylines in the park; he also became a major shareholder in the company that owns Westworld. He began to go on a quest for "the center of the maze," but all he found was a toy maze that belonged to Arnold's son. The real maze is inside the minds of the hosts, who must learn to hear their own selves in order to become conscious.
William and Dolores in the wild. HBO
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Everyone Else
Elsie: Possibly dead. Bernard strangled her on the orders of Ford, but it's not clear whether or not she survived.
Stubbs: Possibly dead. While searching for Elsie, he was attacked by a group of hosts, but his ultimate fate remains unknown.
Hector: Escaped the park with Maeve. The last we saw of him, he was holding off approaching security within the control facilities.
Teddy: Still a host, and shocked by all the events that transpired at Ford's reveal of the new narrative.
Charlotte: As director of the Delos board, she was determined to push Ford out and give his job to Lee. What happens now that Ford is dead and the hosts are rebelling remains to be seen.
Armistice: Escaped from the park (and sawed off her own arm to do it).
Follow Eliza on Twitter and Cosmo Celeb on Facebook.
PARKLAND, Fla. - At least one Broward County sheriff's deputy knew gunman Nikolas Cruz was inside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, but the deputy did not engage Cruz and instead took cover behind a tree, according to newly released reports from the Coral Springs Police Department.
"As I was advancing on foot through the chained link fence, I was advised by an unknown B.S.O. Deputy taking cover behind a tree," Coral Springs officer Bryan Wilkins said in a report describing how his department responded to the Feb. 14 shooting, which killed 17 people and wounded more than a dozen others.
"He is on the third floor," the unnamed deputy told Wilkins, according to the report.
Coral Springs Sgt. Nicolas Mazzei wrote in another report that he passed several Broward deputies "who were taking positions along Holmberg Road" as he raced to the site of the shooting in his patrol car.
Multiple law enforcement agencies responded to the shooting at the Parkland high school including the Broward County Sheriff's Office and the Coral Spring and Coconut Creek police departments.
The Broward County Sheriff's Office has come under intense criticism for how its deputies responded to the shooting.
School resource officer Scot Peterson, a BSO employee, resigned after Sheriff Scott Israel said Peterson did not engage Cruz and remained outside the building during the shooting. Through his lawyer, Peterson said he was unsure where the gunfire was coming from.
However, Coral Springs police officials have told news outlets that other Broward County deputies in addition to Peterson failed to enter the building when they arrived -- something that Israel has disputed.
Records released by the sheriff's office said law enforcement officers entered the school 11 minutes after the shooting began.
Officers from the Coral Springs department were some of the first officers inside Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School after the shooting.
"Even through we did not hear gunfire, I made the decision to begin clearing the building because we still believed that the gunman was in the building, and we knew that there were multiple victims that needed rescuing," Mazzei said.
The reports released Tuesday describe how officers found dead bodies, victims bleeding from gunshot wounds and other survivors hiding in classrooms and bathrooms.
"The first floor hallway was full of smoke and multiple spent rifle rounds were observed on the ground," Mazzei said. "As we continued to clear the first floor, we made contact with a male student hiding in the bathroom, he immediately evacuated."
Wilkins said he entered the through the west side of the building with a Broward sheriff's deputy and a Coral Springs police detective.
"While advancing towards the building I saw numerous bullet hole to multiple windows and doors to building 1200," Wilkins said. "I smelled a strong odor of gun powder and saw more bodies of juveniles further east down the hall."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Tips To Maintain A Healthy Gut This Rainy Season
Rainy season does not only bring in some respite from the sweltering heat, but also brings along the risk of weakened digestion, allergies and food-borne diseases. The urge to binge on fried snacks from outside can become a nightmare during this time. Adding to this, the humidity levels take a toll on overall health. High humidity levels reduce the capability of the body to digest at its lowest, which is why most health experts suggest avoiding heavy and oily snacks as they could lead to an upset stomach. The gut serves many essential roles in sustaining and protecting the overall health and wellness of our bodies; therefore, it is imperative to keep our guts happy and healthy this monsoon. We suggest some tips to keep your gut healthy this rainy season.
The damp and filthy conditions in monsoon play host to various diseases - causing germs that can be harmful for your health. Here are some tips that are key to a healthy gut.
Don'ts-
Do not eat heavy foods no matter how irresistible they are. The highly humid monsoon weather tends to cause our digestion process to slow down, which can cause problems like bloating, gas, acidity and indigestion. You may love gol gappas, but the water used can be a host to bacteria that can cause severe stomach infection. For that matter, avoid drinking water from any source other than sealed bottles and water purifiers. Toss your batch of fizzy drinks as they reduce the mineral content in our body, which in turn leads to reduction of enzyme activity. Mineral loss is undesirable with an already weakened digestive system. Avoid dairy products like milk as they take time to digest and are heavy on your gut. Make sure you are not eating a lot of seafood. During rainy season, water tends to get contaminated; the fish you eat could possibly cause cholera or diarrhoea. Fresh juices are great as long as they are made at home, especially during monsoon. Roadside vendors tend to cut their fruits well in advance; however, these fruits come in contact with the contaminated air. While all vegetables are healthy, one should avoid buying leafy greens. The grime and dampness present in them can make them high susceptible to germs.
Do not eat heavy foods no matter how irresistible they are
Dos-
Eat in moderation; consume lighter foods that can be easily digested and are gut-friendly. Drink lots of herbal teas like chamomile tea, green tea, or even ginger lemon tea that can help improve digestion and also boost immunity. Load up on lots of probiotics; consume more yogurt, buttermilk, cheese kefir, cultured vegetables, kombucha and natto (fermented soybeans). Probiotics contain good bacteria that acts on our digestive system, supporting nutrition absorption and the immune system. Choose lighter cooking oils that are easily digestible. Use oils that include olive oil or sunflower oil that help manage your digestive system. Drink lots and lots of water so as to help flush out toxins from your system. Drinking water can also help boost your digestive system. Consume more bitter foods like bitter gourd or karela, bottle gourd or lauki, neem, methi seeds, et al that are responsible for keeping your digestive system in check. They also help improve your immunity. Have steamed or boiled veggies rather than raw ones as the latter may contain bacteria and virus, which could lead to stomach infections, making it worse for your gut. Eat lesser refined sugar as it may cause inflammation and promotes the growth of bad bacteria and upsets the gut flora balance.
Make monsoon a better experience and a less nightmare by bringing these handy tips to your use. Happy monsoons!
The following individuals have been booked at the Sweetwater County Detention Center.
Area law enforcement is in the process of changing the software they use for bookings, etc. Daily report times may vary.
August 13th
Dayquon Kevin Alexander, 22 of Killeen, TX was arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol for alleged unlawful delivery of a controlled substance, unlawful possession of a controlled substance – plant form, conspiracy, driving while license suspended and failure to maintain a single lane.
Pamela Dawn Brewer, 41 of Green River was arrested by the GRPD for alleged violation of a temporary protection order.
Dustin R. Clearly, 29 of Green River was arrested by the GRPD for failure to appear on contempt of court.
Tracey Adrian Hairston, 45 of Keizer, OR was arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol for alleged unlawful possession of a controlled substance – plant form, unlawful manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance, driving while on a suspended license, conspiracy and failure to maintain a single lane.
Justin Joseph Moore, 18 of Rock Springs was arrested by the SWCSO on a warrant for liquor on the breath of a minor and alleged possession of a controlled substance -plant form.
Denim Donald Hugh Wood, 24 of Roosevelt, UT was arrested by the SWCSO on a traffic warrant for speeding in a superintendent's zone and driving under suspension.
Labria Rionna Odom, 24 of Killeen, TX was arrested by the Wyoming Highway Patrol for alleged possession of a controlled substance-plant form, unlawful manufacture or delivery of a controlled substance and conspiracy.
August 12th
Harlan Dale Greer, 38 of Rock Springs was arrested by the RSPD for alleged DWUI.
George Andrew Hoyt, 40 of Rock Springs was arrested by the RSPD for alleged DWUI-physical control-2nd offense, failure to maintain liability insurance, open container, indecent or immoral dress or exposure and carrying a concealed firearm -regulation.
BERLIN — A group of city counsellors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for the small, drone-like passenger aircraft in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
“I feel like it violated the First Amendment. I couldn't say what I wanted to say and when I tried to say what I wanted to say, there were consequences.”
On his high school graduation day, North Carolina resident Marvin Wright suffered a student's worst nightmare —his school refused to hand him his diploma.
As Southwest Edgecombe County High School's senior class president, Wright was allowed to write a speech and read it aloud at his graduation. However, things took an unexpected turn when he was told he would have to read a 4-sentence speech written by school officials instead of the one he had spent two weeks preparing.
“To be honest, the speech that they wrote wasn't me at all,” Wright said. “I feel like they tried to belittle me in a way because I had more to say. I feel like they couldn't describe the ways that I felt and the things that I experienced. There were only four sentences and I was like, ‘I really worked hard on this speech and as senior class president, I think I should read my own speech,' and they were like, ‘No, this is what you are going to read.'”
Wright also said it felt improper that he was told not to read his own speech.
“From what I learned in class, I feel like it violated the First Amendment,” he said. “I couldn't say what I wanted to say and when I tried to say what I wanted to say, there were consequences.”
According to the student, school officials were supposed to place the written speech in a folder to be left on the podium where all the speeches were to be delivered. But when Wright opened his folder, he saw his own speech had been replaced by the school-issued one, despite the fact he had told school officials otherwise. Left with no choice, Wright took out his cell phone and started reading his speech in defiance.
In a video released by a local news channel, the principal and other staff members can be seen whispering behind Wright, clearly upset he wasn't delivering the school sanctioned speech.
“I was nervous because I was on stage, but what was really a distraction was because while I was reading my speech, they were talking behind my back and I was trying to listen to what they were trying to say and also reading my speech. It was just hard,” the student said.
After graduation, students picked up the packages, which included their diploma, report card and transcript. However, Wright's was missing. He was later informed Principal Craig Harris had removed his folder form the stack.
“I only have one chance to graduate from high school and it was really an embarrassing moment,” said Wright.
“My thing to him was to follow your heart,” his mother, Jokita Wright said. “He put God first. He spoke about parents, his classmates and spoke about his mom.”
“His diploma was taken...it was hurtful not only to him and his family, but to all of us,” said Jada Barnes, a fellow classmate.
The school system gave no specific reason for why they wanted Wright to read their script. Some sources told WRAL News Wright's speech was too long and did not meet an approved deadline. However, Wright said he didn't know there was any deadline. Though he did say he had to read his speech from his phone because his own hard copy had been removed by the school. This violated the guidelines.
The superintendent of Edgecombe County Schools, John Farrelly, apologized to the student through a voicemail message. But Wright thinks it would have mattered more to him if Principal Craig Harris and the senior adviser would have apologized to him given that they were the ones who initiated the whole thing.
Wright was finally able to get his diploma two days later after the principal hand-delivered it to his home. The graduate posted his ecstatic reaction on Facebook.
Twitter users also banded together to show support to Wright during the tough two days he was without his diploma.
I was there & there was absolutely nothing wrong with your speech?????? https://t.co/4Ul8yhepxY — dee???? (@__deandraaaaa) June 11, 2017
You're being penalized for doing what you were supposed to do. Recite YOUR speech.. I'm annoyed with SWE but so proud of you Marvin ?????????? https://t.co/HYg5uWUvWS — ??? (@ThugginBugginIt) June 11, 2017
Manchester, Lancashire (webnewswire) June 12, 2017 – Since its inception in 2014, option500 has been committed to providing a trading platform that can be used for private and institutional investors worldwide. Their professionals have been providing traders with an excellent trader experience in terms of security, features, user-friendliness, tools, and education. Their professional forex brokers are experts in derivatives and risk management, and payment processors.
“We cover every aspect of binary options trading, so that you have the best trader experience,” commented the spokesperson of option500 in an interview.
option500 works with the vision to provide traders the safest, most convenient, and all around best trading experience. They use only the advanced technologies to provide accurate data that clearly show the difference between real time market price, and option prices.
“Our pricing and execution modules ensure the use of the most updated and advanced technologies. We provide expiry graphs for any given moment, to ensure trader confidence so there are never any questions on the trader's end,” reported the spokesperson of option500.
The client funds are used only for the trading option and never be used for any other cause. The staff at option500 are available 24/7 to serve and guide traders in every step of their way in binary trading.
Their mobile platform is easy to install and use, and comes with fantastic market opportunities.
When talking about their mobile platform, “Through our mobile platform, traders can have access to trade stocks, commodities, currencies and indices anytime, anywhere. We guarantee a safe and secure trading experience with the widest selection of assets and various other special features,” concluded the spokesperson of option500.
The professionals at option500 are constantly updated with the on-going changes in market trends and simplify complicated concepts and complex market structures for the traders.
About option500:
option500, the leading binary trading platform is committed to offer safe and secure trading experience for traders with access to the widest selection of assets. Visit http://www.option500.com/ for more.
Address : Digital World Center, 1 Lowry Plaza, The Quays, Salford
Manchester, Lancashire
United Kingdom – M50 3UB
Phone Number : +44 2036958189
###
Last Thursday, the women of the CALM Auxiliary presented CALM (Child Abuse Listening Mediation) Executive Director Cecilia Rodriguez with a check for the funds the group raised over the past year.
The CALM Auxiliary raised more than $170,000 to benefit the critical work CALM does prevent and treating child abuse throughout Santa Barbara County. Auxiliary president Dale McCaskey and treasurer Martha Rodgers were pleased to formally present the check at the auxiliary's annual meeting.
The majority of the funds were raised by the CALM Auxiliary at their annual Celebrity Authors Luncheon, Antiques & Vintage Shows, and popular Wine, Jewelry, Chocolate event, along with a few additional fundraising efforts.
To date, the CALM Auxiliary has raised more than $1.3 million for CALM, allowing the organization to continue its mission to prevent and treat child abuse in Santa Barbara County.
“We are so grateful to the ladies of the CALM Auxiliary for their dedication to our mission and organization,” Rodriguez said. “Year after year, these generous women devote time and effort into creating beautiful, entertaining and always popular events that support our agency. We at CALM are so fortunate to be able to enjoy these events, and more importantly, we so love seeing the results of the raised funds and awareness through our clients' improvements.”
The CALM Auxiliary has played an instrumental role in helping sustain the great legacy of CALM in Santa Barbara since 1969. The Auxiliary raises additional financial support and community awareness through projects and events, allowing the non-profit organization to grow and continue to serve the children and families that need help.
CALM was founded in 1970 to reach stressed parents before they hurt their children. It continues to be the only nonprofit agency in Santa Barbara County focusing solely on preventing, assessing and treating child abuse and family violence through comprehensive, cutting-edge programs. CALM offers children, families, and adults a safe, non-judgmental, caring, and strength-based environment to heal and increase family well being.
For more information about all of CALM's services, click here or call 805.965.2376.
— Jennifer Guess is a publicist representing CALM.
76ers President Used Fake Twitter Accounts to Criticize His Own Players and Coach
Philadelphia 76ers president of basketball operations Bryan Colangelo was caught using five fake Twitter accounts to criticize players, leak sensitive information and share team strategy.
The accounts reportedly started posting back in April 2016 all the way up to last week and criticized players like former player Jahlil Okafor and current 1st round draft pick Markelle Fultz, coach Brett Brown and former general manager Sam Hinkie. The tweets also disclosed nonpublic medical information about Okafor and gossip about Joell Embiid and Fultz as well as defending Colangelo himself.
.After being asked about a link between all five accounts, the team released a statement from Colangelo:
“Like many of my colleagues in sports, I have used social media as a means to keep up with the news,” Colangelo said in the statement. “While I have never posted anything whatsoever on social media, I have used the @Phila1234567 Twitter account referenced in this story to monitor our industry and other current events. This storyline is disturbing to me on many levels, as I am not familiar with any of the other accounts that have been brought to my attention, nor do I know who is behind them or what their motives may be in using them.”
Twitter Fingers: 76ers President Caught Using Fake Social Media Accounts To Trash His Own Team was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
New estimates from the Congressional Budget Office say about 23 million Americans could lose coverage under the health care bill sponsored by the GOP.
The American Health Care Act, the GOP's answer to Obamacare, could end up costing the U.S. economy close to 1 million jobs, researchers predicted Wednesday.
If the bill passes, it would initially boost jobs and increase economic output, "However, cuts in funding for Medicaid and health subsidies then begin to deepen, triggering sharp job losses and broad disruption of state economies in the following years," said Leighton Ku, director of the Center for Health Policy Research, who led the study team.
Health care jobs are an enormous part of the U.S. economy — making for 18 percent of the total Gross Domestic Product or GDP. Hospitals, clinics, doctors and health care services are major sources of jobs, too.
Air New Zealand has told the Government it will continue to act independently after criticism of its regional operations by Cabinet minister Shane Jones.
The airline's chairman Tony Carter said although the Government owned 51 per cent of the airline, its other shareholders had equal rights.
Regional Economic Development Minister Shane Jones has told Air New Zealand to stop shutting down its regional air links at the launch of new funding for a terminal near Kerikeri last week.
He told an airline manager that he should take that message to his supervisors.
Advertisement
Earlier this month Air New Zealand announced it was axing Kapiti services.
Carter said any appearance of a lack of commercial independence was viewed seriously by the Air New Zealand Board and is ultimately potentially damaging to the interests of all shareholders, including the Crown.
State owned enterprises minister Winston Peters also raised questions about the airline's backing for the visit of President Barack Obama.
The airline has been run along fully commercial lines following its recovery from near collapse and a taxpayer bailout in 2002.
Aaron Gilbert, associate professor of finance at AUT Business School said the comments by Jones had the potential to be extremely disconcerting to small investors in companies where the Crown owns 51 per cent.
''Any pressure by the Government on companies like Air New Zealand and the energy companies to pursue non-commercially focused Crown objectives at the expense of commercial decisions will hurt the dividends and share price of those companies,'' he said.
"Even the suggestion of such a change has the potential to drive down prices if seen as credible by the market. Given the wide public shareholding in these companies, this will hurt a lot of small and first time share investors and further damage the development of the local market."
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
NEW DELHI (AP) — A media watch group on Wednesday expressed serious concern at "an alarming deterioration in the working environment of journalists in India" and demanded that the government ensure the safety of journalists who are feeling threatened.
Reporters Without Borders said in a report that at least three journalists were killed in India in 2017 and that a fourth case is still under investigation. In 2018, the situation appears to have worsened significantly, with four journalists killed in the first six months of the year.
"The hate speech directed toward journalists has increased massively, causing serious concern for their safety," the report said.
There was no immediate reaction from the Indian government.
Advertisement
The group demanded a swift and independent investigation of cases in which journalists have been targeted.
Neerja Choudhary, an Indian columnist, said the government was not acting as it should be given the rise in attacks on journalists. "If the government was serious about the freedom of press, the media can't be treated like an upstart," she said. "Those who want to stifle dissenting voices are getting emboldened as nobody is brought to book."
On July 3, the general secretary of Reporters Without Borders, Christophe Deloire, wrote to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi telling him that an incident report had been issued in relation to press freedom in the country, and asking him to take urgent action. An incident report is issued when events are observed that could affect a country's ranking based on one or more of the indicators that are used in the evaluation for the World Press Freedom Index.
The group called on representatives of the government and the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party "to condemn in the strongest terms online campaigns of hate and harassment aimed at journalists."
The group listed the killings of four Indian journalists this year. Last month, the editor of the newspaper Rising Kashmir, Shujaat Bukhari, was shot dead along with two police guards as he left his office in Srinagar, the main city in the Indian portion of Kashmir.
In March, Sandeep Sharma, another journalist, was crushed to death by a garbage truck in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. Two other journalists, Navin Nischal and Vijay Singh, were run over and killed by a SUV in eastern Bihar state.
Seema Mustafa, director of New Delhi-based think-tank Center for Policy Analysis, said the attacks on journalists were intended to strike fear and further intimidate the media in India. "An environment is being created which is working against the free and fair functioning of the media because it intimidates an ordinary journalist who is terrified and is scared," she said.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Opening Quote: Hargreaves Lansdown cashes in on (not too much) excitement
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gianfranco Zola has finally stepped down as Birmingham City manager with three games of a farcical Championship campaign to go.
Zola's task was always going to be tricky after replacing the hugely popular Gary Rowett in December with Blues sitting tantalisingly poised for a genuine play-off push.
The Italian arrived with promises of beautiful football and a remit to improve upon Rowett's admirable work.
However, just 124 days on from that fateful December morning, Zola has finally done the honourable thing and stepped aside.
In truth, Zola should have walked a while back. His record of 13 points from 22 Championship matches makes a mockery of the good work Rowett had done in the previous 21 where Blues had accumulated 34 points.
Zola's failings at Blues weren't for the want of trying. He came in with the idea of changing things up and said how surprised he was by the quality within the squad during his first few press conferences.
That quality would soon stop translating into results as the new manager took his players out of their comfort zone, though.
Blues were not renowned as a footballing side under Rowett. What they were been rigid, difficult to play against, with a nastiness that set them apart from their rivals.
In the last four months all of that has evaporated. Zola switched things up immediately upon arriving at Wast Hills. Training sessions were made longer and there was a huge emphasis on implementing a new philosophy or trying ‘to play the kind of football every Blues supporter deserves to watch', as the statement just seven days ago read.
What Zola and those who appointed him failed to realise was that change wasn't needed. The players had become used to Rowett's methods and he had adapted his style to suit the players within his squad. Zola didn't give them a chance to show him what they were capable of before he tore up all they knew.
Just because Zola has gone, it doesn't mean Blues are out of the woods. The team has become so used to losing that it will be hard task for any manager to transform their fortunes.
But if the last 22 games have shown us everything that is bad about Birmingham City, then the previous 21 should provide some much-needed optimism heading into the final three.
Khichdi Actors Pay Tribute To Sridevi
Regarding the episode, the actor-producer, JD Majethia was quoted by TOI as saying, "The episode had an interesting gag involving Sridevi. When she passed away in February, we were reluctant to air that part."
Sridevi Loved The First Season Of Khichdi!
"However, we then felt that there was nothing derogatory about it and we were referring to her in a humour sequence, which actually will be our tribute to the legendary actress. She had once told us that she loved the first season of our show."
Sridevi Made Supriya Talk Like Hansa
Supriya Pathak, who plays Hansa on the show, recalled as to how Sridevi made her talk like Hansa when they met on flight.
Surpiya Had A Beautiful Memory Of The Actress
The actress was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "Around three years ago, I met her on a flight and she literally made me talk like Hansa. It was embarrassing for a moment, but that just showed how much she loved the characters."
Surpiya's Character Hansa
Regarding her role, Supriya had said in her earlier interview, "I had to do a lot of disconnecting from things to play this role. Earlier, I used to always ask people if they want me to answer as Supriya or Hansa. If they said Hansa, and asked me a question, I would say, I don't know."
Supriya As Hansa
"That's because Hansa doesn't know anything! For me, it was important to reach that state of thing in mind where I don't question anything. That is the happy quotient of Hansa because as an actor mujhe kuch sochna nahin padta."
Justin Ned was last seen in Springer, Oklahoma on January 1. (KTEN)
CARTER COUNTY, Okla. -- The body of a man who was missing since New Year's Day has been found in Carter County.
Justin Ned, 26, had last been seen alive early in the pre-dawn hours of January 1. Details are limited, but Carter County Sheriff Chris Bryant said Ned's body was found by a construction worker at a job site on Friday morning.
The worker called the sheriff's office after finding the body. Investigators later confirmed it was Ned.
He was last seen on Paul Street in Springer. His family reported him missing weeks later, but told KTEN it wasn't unusual for him to be out of contact for long periods of time.
Sheriff Bryant said he considers the death to be suspicious, but doesn't think that people who live in the area should be concerned about their safety. He did not specify where the body was discovered.
"If they have any information about Mr. Ned or anything that may help us find any new information out, please contact the sheriff's office at 580-223-6014," Bryant said.
Ned leaves behind a four-year-old son.
The day after Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch sat out the national anthem, his former team-mate Michael Bennett has followed his lead.
The Seattle Seahawks defensive end, who is known for his strong views, sat with a towel draped over his head during the anthem before Sunday's game against the Los Chargers. Bennett said he plans to continue the protest for the rest of the season, and his stance was influenced by the far-right violence in Charlottesville over the weekend.
Colin Kaepernick attracted attention when he chose to kneel for the anthem last season as a protest at racial injustice in the United States.
“The last week, with everything that's been going on in the last couple months – especially after the last couple days seeing everything in [Charlottesville] Virginia ... [I]just wanted to be able to continue to use my platform to be able to speak on injustice,” Bennett said after Sunday's game.
Kaepernick was accused by some of disrespecting the military when he refused to stand, and Bennett emphasized he respected the armed forces.
“First of all, I want to make sure that people understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs, like any other American. I love football like any other American,” he said. “But I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. And I just want to see people have equality that they deserve.”
‘Man babies with torches'
Bennett and Lynch are likely to be joined by others players. Bleacher Report's Mike Freeman says he has spoken to five other players who plan to protest this season after the Charlottesville violence, and Donald Trump's failure to condemn far-right protestors. The trouble in Charlottesville, during which a woman was killed after a car was driven into anti-racism protesters, drew criticism from a number of athletes. The Philadelphia Eagles defensive end, Chris Long, called the far-right protesters “man babies with torches”.
Bennett has spoken out about political issues in the past. Kaepernick has yet to find a new team following his season of protest, and Bennett says the former San Francisco 49ers quarterback's story highlights the racial divide in the NFL.
“Obviously, there's the elephant in the room why Kaepernick isn't signed, and most people know why,” Bennett said in June. “I've said this several times, and I'm not afraid to say it: I think race and politics in sports is something people don't want to hear about, nor do people want to be a part of.”
Almost 70 per cent of NFL players are black but a white player is yet to join the anthem protest. Bennett says that he has been writing a book, titled Things That Make White People Uncomfortable. “I think the title is just a title to start a conversation so people want to read it,” Bennett said. “The book I'm focusing on is issues that I see that are important in America, and they are my views and opinion.” Guardian Service
TORONTO (AP) — Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred is encouraged by pace-of-play changes that have limited mound visits and reduced the time between innings at major league games this season.
Speaking in Toronto on Tuesday before the Blue Jays hosted the Boston Red Sox, Manfred said the new rules have sped up games without any disruption. Mound visits without pitching changes averaged 3.79 per game through Sunday, down from 7.41 for the 2017 season.
"Whenever you change a rule in baseball, people predict all sorts of dire outcomes, and we have avoided even the smallest of incidents related either to the mound visit rule or the shorter inning breaks," Manfred said Tuesday. "Secondly, I'm positive about them because they've been effective. We are way down in terms of mound visits, I think down about 50 percent, and our inning breaks are significantly shorter. I take both of those as positives in an ongoing effort to make sure that we're producing an entertainment product with as little dead time as possible."
Manfred is a proponent of the pitch clocks currently in use in the minor leagues, but said he was "not in a position where I'm going to say for certain whether or not we're going to have pitch clocks at the big league level." The players' association refused to agree to pitch clocks, and Manfred backed off of his threat to unilaterally implement them this year.
Advertisement
The commissioner also spoke about the number of games postponed by poor weather so far. Tuesday's game in Baltimore between the Rays and Orioles was the 27th to be postponed this season, the most related to weather through April since the commissioner's office started keeping those records in 1986.
"This has really been a unique April for us," Manfred said. "We've set a record for the number of games that have been canceled and, probably more troublingly, we've played a lot of games in really tough weather. I think we have 12 cities that have been more than 10 degrees below their average temperature for the month of April."
Still, Manfred said the solution isn't as simple as scheduling early-season games in domes and warm-weather cities.
"No teams are going to want to start the season on the road for a couple of weeks," Manfred said. "In fact, the Basic Agreement prohibits a trip that long. Equally important, the domed and warm-weather markets don't want that many games early in the year. Whether you have a dome or it's warm weather, until school gets out they are tougher dates. We will do everything possible to try to schedule in a way that minimizes weather damage. It's in our interest to do that. But there are real limitations in the schedule."
Manfred's schedule in Toronto included a meeting with Blue Jays president Mark Shapiro and separate sessions with representatives of team owner Rogers Communications Inc., including chairman Edward Rogers.
Renovations to Rogers Centre, Toronto's home since June 1989, were among the items on Manfred's agenda.
"Given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks," Manfred said. "While the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible."
Manfred tries to visit as many big league teams as he can each season and, having not been to Toronto last year, was eager to come early this season. The timing of his trip was unrelated to Monday's deadly attack in Toronto, in which 10 people were killed and 14 injured when a driver deliberately struck pedestrians with a van along a busy sidewalk.
"All of us at Major League Baseball were devastated," Manfred said. "You were in our thoughts all day yesterday and will remain there for some time. I hope that maybe our game tonight will provide a little bit of the beginning of a healing process that will be important for this city."
A blue banner reading #TORONTOSTRONG was hung from the second deck in center field before Tuesday night's game, Toronto's first since the deadly incident. Similar signs were hung on the wall behind home plate, and the team planned to acknowledge the victims before the first pitch.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
• Granby preschool took a field trip to Granby Community Garden. The students got to harvest peas, carrots, and raspberries. They learned what makes a garden grow and what happens to vegetables when it gets too cold in a garden.
• Here is the homecoming activities at the High School next week: Pep Assembly, Tuesday 3:30-4; Iron Man, Tuesday 7 p.m.; Soccer, Wednesday 4 p.m.; EGSD Staff Dinner, Wednesday 4:30 -6:30; Powderpuff, Wednesday 7 p.m.; Bonfire, Wednesday after Powderpuff; Football, Friday 7 p.m.; Royalty, half-time of football game; Volleyball, Saturday 1 p.m.; Dance, Saturday 8-11 p.m. We hope the community as well as alumni can come and support us.
• Food Service will be celebrating National School Lunch Week Oct. 9-13. There will be new menu items everyday, taste-testing, local Colorado fruits and vegetables served all week as well as fun food activities. Encourage your kids to participate and try some healthy new lunch items.
• Food service is currently participating in Let's Move Salad Bars to Schools. Research shows that incorporating bars into school lunches increases children's consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables. Salad bars profoundly shift the typical school lunch by offering students not only variety but also choice. All donations will go to fund salad bars for Fraser and Granby Elementary. Donations can be made at http://www.saladbar.org/donate/ for East Grand School District.
• EGMS Technology Teacher, Ms. Quinn, has been working on matching grants to purchase two NAO robots for her classroom. She has currently secured $8,350.00 toward the $20,900 needed to purchase the two robots and curriculum. The NAO robots and curriculum allow for differentiation in programming these robots, allowing students to program movement by using a drag and drop method, along with advanced programming options where students can learn to program in Java, Python, and C+. The goal is that by 8th grade students will program the robots to read and move to a children's book that they will then take to the elementary school to have the robot read the book to a classroom. Current donors include the EGMS PAC, East Grand Education Foundation Fund, Grand Foundation, and private anonymous donation.
• Our kindergarteners are using brand-new touch screen Chromebooks this year, for the first time ever. We think it is pretty special that even our littlest learners get to use such phenomenal technology. It would be great for our community to know.
Recommended Stories For You
• Our mountain bikers hosted a race at Granby Ranch two weeks ago, here is a story by parent and teacher Patty Finnegan: Freshman girls went last at 1:50. Start of the race-weather was perfect. By the second lap-just pouring. They deemed the race unsafe on the part on the hill under the chair lift. So they rerouted the girls to the road. Bethanne had so much mud stuck on her derailer that her chain fell off. Knew all she had to do was finish and that she would qualify for state. So the last 1/2 mile she ran with her bike across the finish line. Very Cool.
There's a simple resume mistake that could be holding your career back — and it turns out women are the main offenders.
According to Pat Wadors, LinkedIn's former top recruiter, women tend to be more hesitant than men when it comes to their career progression.
Wadors, who is now chief HR officer at enterprise technology firm ServiceNow, said this natural hesitation was subconsciously trickling down to our resumes, where it can send the wrong impression to recruiters.
"Women tend to apply for roles they are 110 per cent ready and qualified for — we make sure all our ducks are lined up and we have the right skills. But men raise their hands and apply for jobs they are 70 per cent skilled for, thinking they'll learn on the job," she said.
Advertisement
"Women tend to use 'we' and 'us' [in their CVs] while men use 'I' — and recruiters are interested in what you did — they want to hear 'I led', 'I created' , 'I was creative in this way'.
"Show ownership — I know that can be really hard for women to do but it's not bragging, it's demonstrating skill based on facts."
Wadors said she encouraged female job applicants especially to be clear on the specific impact they have had in previous roles and to have confidence in their abilities when applying for jobs.
"I tell women to raise their hands and apply for roles because they are just as smart and capable as the next person," she said.
"You've already accomplished great learning, so convince me why you'll be a great fit."
Wadors, who is visiting Australia from the US, said another common mistake was not letting your passion and personality shine through — something that is especially important to do on your LinkedIn profile, which she said was increasingly considered to be a second, "digital CV".
"It's a mistake to think people look at your profile for just your job title, start and stop date," she said.
"If you're just repeating your CV you're not giving me anything to grab onto.
"What sets you apart in your CV and with your profile is your passion."
The mum-of-three said it was essential to give practical examples with any job application, and that a "rich" profile would make you stand out from the crowd and ensure you were found online more easily.
"Express your joy, your superpowers. Say 'I love x', 'I'm known for the following three things', and then clearly outline for me your best role — what role are you looking for that will highlight your skills?" she said.
"I love it when I see a profile that shows learning agility — not just 'I did XYZ', but 'I crushed it when I learned X'. I love storytelling and a summary that reflects joy and shows you are curious and humble — you can't teach those attributes.
"Storytelling is the most powerful tool we have as humans so your digital CV should have some mini-stories from your last two jobs at least because that's what draws the reader. Make sure there's enough meat there."
She said your cover letter should explicitly outline why you were applying for this particular role.
"Your cover letter should show why you are applying for this job in this company in this industry — then link to your online profile and your written CV, but your cover letter should tell me why now, why me, why you?" she said.
After spending decades in the human resources industry, Wadors said one of the best ways to create a happy workforce was to focus on diversity and inclusion.
"I know as a woman and as a mum, when I can be authentically me and respectfully listened to and understood, I rock my swag, I smile more, I feel my joy and other people feed off that, and innovation, engagement and joy goes up — you can feel it in a room when people have that sense of community and belonging," she said.
Ms Wadors said employees thrived through storytelling, and that one way she encouraged this was by asking staff to share what they were grateful for — both personally and professionally — before meetings.
She encouraged staff to be authentic, tell their stories and be "vulnerable and curious" in the workplace.
Each summer, newspapers invite eminent people to name the books they will read over the break. Whether or not you take the answers at face value – what elevated tastes our betters seem to have – they are telling in their consistency. When the same few titles recur, you at least know what the elites want to be seen to read. You have a sense of the intellectual fashion.
Three books dominate this summer and, if you read closely enough, a single idea connects them. Destined for War is less fatalist than its name but it envisages a violent showdown between America and China on the balance of historic precedents. Its author, Graham Allison, a professor of government at Harvard, sifted 16 cases of an emergent power challenging an established one. War resulted in 12 of them. What he calls the Thucydides trap has ensnared societies as dissimilar as Edwardian England and the 16th-century Habsburgs. Even when the belligerents had the statecraft and goodwill to avoid war, the internal logic of big-power competition told in the end.
In The Great Leveller, this low view of what leaders can do against impersonal forces is taken beyond the battle field to the whole of organised human life. Walter Scheidel, a Stanford historian, sees material inequality as the default in societies since the dawn of agriculture, periodically checked by four events: disease, violent revolution, state failure, war.
Stratification
The leveller is mass death. Next to this, fiscal transfers and other egalitarian policies at best slow an ineluctable trend to stratification. Scheidel's evidence is so persuasive that readers will find themselves cheering on the Black Death as a boost to median wages.
Of the three books, The Undoing Project is the least argumentative. Michael Lewis, that clarifier of opaque worlds, does not espouse an idea so much as explore the bond between two academics who did. Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky helped to invent behavioural economics, which discredited the classical version's premise of human rationality. Governments had tailored welfare states, public health campaigns and financial regulations to a homo economicus whose sole flaw was his non-existence in real time and space.
The Israeli psychologists exposed the enduring primitiveness of a species that leans on unreliable rules of thumb to make decisions and prefers stories to numbers. The implications for government – for society's limits as a perfectible thing – are still being absorbed.
These books vary in subject and style but converge on the relative powerlessness of government (or big business, or any organisational centre) against structural realities and human foibles. They put the people who purport to read them in their place.
It is not the elites, though, who stand to gain from the lesson. It is the voter. Attempts to explain the electoral anger in Britain, America and elsewhere tend to dwell on misrule – on the supply-side of government. The Iraq war and the crash were corroborating examples of a ruling class with more self-regard than technical competence.
Less scrutiny
Out of a well-meaning customer-is-always-right politesse, the demand side receives less scrutiny. It should not. Some Americans saw in Donald Trump the restoration of the well-paid industrial work their grandparents had known. Automated plants and wage competition from the other end of the planet would yield to political will.
The British have even higher hopes of government: national sovereignty and international trade, low immigration at no economic cost, continental public services and Anglo-Saxon taxes. When these fail to materialise, their reflex is not an adjustment of expectations. It is the howl of betrayal.
Perversely, the anti-elite movement invests the elite with heroic talents. It sees a world of obvious social improvements waiting to be made if only the negligent masters would snap out of their stupor. The deficit of trust flows from a surplus of faith.
In the Brexit campaign's potent slogan – Take Back Control – the word “control” does a lot of work. All that stands between us and the good life, it implies, is the wrong people in executive office. This credulity is not unique to the angry right. It was there in Barack Obama's messianic bid for the presidency in 2008. It is there in most forms of protest politics.
That government has inherent limits, that difficult trade-offs outnumber solvable problems, that millennia of evolutionary coding is stronger than technocratic fiat – these are painful propositions to entertain because they do not let us dream. The books of the day cannot work as political manifestos.
Manage Your Expectations makes for a useless slogan. It just has the compensating virtue of truth.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. - The crew of a catamaran rescued five people whose fishing boat sank off the coast of Boynton Beach Saturday morning, the U.S. Coast Guard said.
Capt. Charles Mount, Elena Markel and her 13-year-old daughter, Stefania, were traveling to Boca Raton aboard the Palm Breeze, a 55-foot charter boat, when they heard a distress call on the radio just after 11 a.m.
"Over the radio, we heard 'mayday, mayday. Going in down in two minutes,'" Mount said. "By the time we got there, the boat was completely sunk. But Elena and the crew did a fantastic job getting everyone to safety."
The men were pulled from water about four miles east of the shore. The Coast Guard said their 31-foot pleasure craft started to take on water just before 9:30 a.m. They eventually transferred to a U.S. Coast Guard vessel and sailed back to the cutters' station at Lake Worth.
"We sucked up so much water. It sank," one of the men tells Markel in a video taken after the rescue. "We're glad that you guys came along. Very happy that you guys came along."
In the video, one the rescued men drys off with a towel. Markel then sweeps her camera across the water but by then the boat was gone.
The Coast Guard sent a MH-65 Dolphin helicopter and a 45-foot response boat to the scene.
Mount said this isn't his first rescue, explaining he picks up boaters in need about every two years.
"We have been on the water for 25 years," Mount said of his charter business. "So we come across this once and while."
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
To kick off the political year we asked all 20 members of Cabinet one thing they would commit to doing in power — and one thing they vow not to do.
Jacinda Ardern, 37
Prime Minister, Minister for Arts, Culture and Heritage, Minister for National Security and Intelligence.
Jacinda Ardern. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner Clarke Gayford.
• Mt Albert MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Reducing child poverty and improving access (and New Zealanders' love) of our arts, culture and heritage.
One thing you won't: Be a conventional Government.
Winston Peters, 72
Deputy Prime Minister, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Racing and State Owned Enterprises.
Advertisement
Winston Peters. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner Jan Trotman.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Straight talk.
One thing you won't: I won't ever give up fishing.
Kelvin Davis, 50
Minister for Crown/Māori Relations, Minister of Corrections, Minister of Tourism, Associate Minister of Education
Kelvin Davis. Photo / John Stone
• Married with three children.
• Te Tai Tokerau MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Reducing prison population by 30 per cent over the next 15 years.
One thing you won't: Forget where I come from because Te Tai Tokerau keeps me grounded.
Grant Robertson, 46
Minister of Finance, Minister for Sport and Recreation, Associate Minister for Arts, Culture and Heritage
Grant Robertson. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Civil Union partner Alf, two step- children and three grandchildren.
• Wellington Central MP
One thing you commit to doing: Always remembering the economy is not an end in itself, but a means to an end — a better life for all.
One thing you won't: Forget the people who work hard every day and pay their taxes to drive our economy.
Phil Twyford, 54
Minister of Housing and Urban Development, Minister of Transport
Phil Twyford. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Married to Jo, one son Harry.
• Te Atatu MP.
One thing you commit to doing: All I can to get more New Zealanders into warm, dry homes and get Auckland moving.
One thing you won't: Pretend there isn't a housing crisis while kids are living in cars.
Megan Woods, 44
Minister for Energy, Minister for Research Science and Innovation, Minister for Greater Christchurch Regeneration, Minister for the Earthquake Commission
Megan Woods.
• Single, with a step-daughter from a previous relationship.
• Wigram MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Speeding up the Canterbury recovery.
One thing you won't: Back down.
Chris Hipkins, 39
Minister of Education, Minister of State Services and Leader of the House
Chris Hipkins. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner and one child.
• Rimutaka MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Listening to teachers and educators and respecting their professional expertise.
One thing you won't: Allow the focus of our education to be narrowed down to a small range of arbitrary measures.
Andrew Little, 52
Hon Andrew Little MP, Minister of Justice, Minister for Courts, Minister for Treaty of Waitangi Negotiations, Minister Responsible for the NZSIS, Minister Responsible for the GCSB, Minister Responsible for Pike River Re-entry
Andrew Little. Photo / Getty Images
• I'm happily married to my lovely best friend Leigh Fitzgerald and we have an amazing 15-year-old son, Cam.
• List MP.
One thing you will do: I will work relentlessly to ensure New Zealand has a justice system that reduces offending and keeps all New Zealanders safe.
One thing you won't: I won't ever stop learning te reo Māori. Nga manaakitanga!
Carmel Sepuloni, 40
Minister for Social Development, Minister for Disability Issues
Carmel Sepuloni.
• Engaged, two children.
• Kelston MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Making the welfare system fairer and more accessible and helping people to realise their potential.
One thing you won't: Make life harder for those who are already struggling.
Dr David Clark, 45
Minister of Health, Associate Minister of Finance
David Clark. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Married with three children.
• Dunedin North MP.
One thing you commit to doing: I will work hard to ensure every New Zealander has access to affordable, quality healthcare.
One thing you won't:
I won't back away from addressing inequalities New Zealanders increasingly face in seeking health care.
David Parker, 58
Attorney-General, Minister for Economic Development, Minister for the Environment, Minister for Trade and Export Growth, Associate Minister of Finance
David Parker. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner: Barbara Ward and three adult children.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: To drive the economy towards productive investment rather than speculation.
One thing you won't: Build a sheep farm in the Saudi desert.
Nanaia Mahuta, 47
Minister for Māori Development, Minister of Local Government.
Nanaia Mahuta.
• Married to William Ormsby, two children
• Hauraki-Waikato MP.
Mahuta did not respond to questions
Stuart Nash, 50
Minister of Police, Revenue, Fisheries and for Small Business.
Stuart Nash. Photo / Paul Taylor
• Married to Sarah, four children including two from previous marriage.
• Napier MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Work towards recruiting 1800 extra police over three years as per the Coalition Agreement.
One thing you won't: I hope to avoid annoying Parliament's Speaker, Trevor Mallard, again.
Iain Lees-Galloway, 39
Workplace Relations and Safety, Immigration, ACC
Iain Lees-Galloway. Photo / Brett Phibbs
• Married with three children.
• Palmerston North MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Make New Zealand a better place to work.
One thing you won't: Strip away workers' rights.
Jenny Salesa, 50
Minister for Building and Construction, Minister for Ethnic Communities, Associate Minister of Health, Associate Minister of Education, Associate Minister of Housing and Urban Development.
Jenny Salesa.
• Married to Damon Salesa with two children.
• Manukau East MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Continue to serve our most vulnerable in society in a compassionate way.
One thing you won't: Stop caring about people who need our help the most.
Damien O'Connor, 60
Minister of Agriculture, Biosecurity, Food Safety and Rural Communities, Associate Minister of Trade and Export Growth.
Damien O'Connor.
• Partner and five daughters.
• West Coast-Tasman MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Drive development of a strategic pathway to higher value agribusiness primary production.
One thing you won't: Allow rural communities to be ignored.
Clare Curran, 57
Minister of Broadcasting, Communi-cations and Digital Media, Minister for Government Digital Services, Associate Minister for ACC, Associate Minister of State Services (Open Government)
Clare Curran.
• Single, with two sons.
• South Dunedin MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Putting non-commercial public media news and New Zealand-made content at the centre of our media.
One thing you won't: I won't let New Zealand be viewed by the world, and the next generation, as a place where ideas don't flourish and transparency is a myth.
Ron Mark, 64
Minister of Defence, Minister for Veterans
Ron Mark. Photo / Mark Mitchell
• Partner: Christine Tracey, five children, 13 grandchildren.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: Achieve the best possible cross-party consensus on Defence matters, to give security and confidence to the men and women who serve our country. One thing you won't: Ask anyone to do anything I wouldn't do myself.
Tracey Martin, 53
Minister for Children, Minister for Seniors, Minister of Internal Affairs, Associate Education Minister
Tracey Martin.
• Married to Ben, with three children.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: To care about people before politics.
One thing you won't: No stunts.
Shane Jones, 58
Regional Economic Development, Forestry, Infrastructure, Associate Finance, Associate Transport
Shane Jones. Photo / John Borren
• Married (in January) to Dot. Seven tamariki.
• List MP.
One thing you commit to doing: I'm committed to weight reduction for the purposes of Golden Oldies Rugby.
One thing you won't: I've recently married and I can promise you a thing that won't happen — there will never be a pregnancy announcement.
• Winston Peters, Ron Mark, Tracey Martin and Shane Jones are NZ First MPs.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Lambert was delighted to see how his Wolves side responded to the challenge in the Elland Road cauldron against promotion hopefuls Leeds.
After back-to-back defeats, the Molineux men needed to show their mettle and that's what they did.
“It was a big performance and a big win to beat a team who is up there and has been on good form,” said head coach Lambert.
“To come to Leeds with their crowd right behind them – it is tough to win - but the lads responded and I think we could have been two or three up at half-time.
“In the second half you would expect them to come at us but we defended well and the performance was fantastic. The defenders did really well – it was a big compliment to Mike (Williamson) and Richard Stearman for coming in and showing their experience and playing the way they did. They were outstanding. And then Kortney Hause came on and made a great clearance at the end”.
With Wolves' Championship status now secure, Lambert can start planning for next season.
He has already spoken of the need to recruit well in the summer, and add quality to the squad but also with stability after so many new players arrived last summer.
“We are safe now and one thing I do know is that what happened last summer can't happen again,” he said.
“We can't have another 12 or 13 coming in with many who maybe don't know the division and haven't played many games.”
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — At heart, Ernie Barnes the professional football player was always Ernie Barnes the artist.
His teammates on the San Diego Chargers nicknamed him "Big Rembrandt" because he was always scribbling on pieces of paper.
He ended up painting vivid and highly acclaimed images from the playing field and from African-American life. He's most famous for "Sugar Shack," which shows African-Americans dancing at the Durham Armory. Marvin Gaye used a version of it for an album cover, and a print of it appeared in the closing credits of the sitcom "Good Times."
Now, an exhibit has opened in his home state titled "The North Carolina Roots of Artist Ernie Barnes." The exhibit at the North Carolina Museum of History includes 38 paintings by Barnes, many unseens by the public until now, along with several pieces of memorabilia.
Advertisement
It's the first exhibit of Barnes' artwork in 11 years, and the first since he died at age 70 in 2009 in Los Angeles. It continues through March 3.
Barnes never considered football his true calling. From his childhood, he was drawn to art. In his 1995 autobiography, "From Pads to Palette," he wrote, "Throughout my five seasons in the arena of professional football, I remained at the deepest level of my being an artist."
But he played professionally from 1960 to 1964, signing first with the Baltimore Colts and then with the Titans of New York, the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos. His sports connections led to his first exhibit through the support of New York Jets owner Sonny Werblin. And Barnes credited football with helping him develop the elongation technique for which he's known.
An art instructor told him "to pay attention to what my body felt like in movement," Barnes once said. "And when I did that, it was an elongated feeling. ... I hate to think, had I not played sports, what my work would look like."
He also spoke of how the "dehumanization" of professional football played out in his art. "I painted until I exhausted the hate," he said, according to comments provided by his estate.
Troy Vincent, the NFL's vice president of operations, is probably the largest collector of Barnes' art and someone in whom Barnes confided about his love-hate relationship with football. Vincent estimates that he owns just shy of 30 Barnes' paintings, most of them commissioned and never seen by the public.
In a phone interview, Vincent said that he and his wife "didn't classify it as black art. He happens to be African-American, but it's not black art. It's art."
At the time of Barnes' death, Paul Von Blum, an art history and African American studies professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, called him one of the premier figurative artists of his era.
Barnes, who was born in 1938 in Durham during the Jim Crow era, graduated from what's now North Carolina Central University. His painting, "Homecoming," shows a marching band in Durham with U.S. 15-501 signs in the background.
"Ernie said when he was growing up, the high school band used to come down from the segregated area and make the turn into the black community, and the band would kick it up right there," Luz Rodriguez, his longtime assistant and estate trustee said last week in Raleigh before the exhibit opened. "So that's what he painted."
"Sugar Shack" came from Barnes' memories growing up in Durham, Rodriguez said. His mother had told the 13-year-old Barnes that "they don't do Christian things there" so of course he had to sneak in to find out what was happening, she said.
Actor and comedian Eddie Murphy owns the painting now, exhibit curator Katie Edwards said. A second version that Barnes painted is part of the North Carolina museum exhibit.
Barnes could bring to life "the hopes and dreams of what could be — families together, strong men, strong women, the true representation of the godly family," Vincent said. Barnes was able to "share our dark past yet articulate in color what the future could be — the proudness of our history, the proudness of our future. Ernie encapsulated all of that."
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc
Media personality, Toke Makinwa, will be giving a lecture at the New York University (NYU) on Wednesday.Toke who is currently on her book tour in the US announced the lecture via Instagram. She wrote, ''TM the brand ⭐️#TMinNYU Super excited to announce that I will be a guest lecturer this Wednesday at NYU. The digital space is home to at-least 80 percent of my career and teaching a media class on "Building a Successful Brand in the Digital space " is my mission. TM will be at NYU. Super excited, God is good I cannot wait to meet you all. ''
Richard J. Scarpellino, 85, of Marion, formerly of Ramsey, New Jersey and Brooklyn, New York, passed away peacefully at home on Saturday, August 12, 2017. His loving companion, Josefa Simon, was at his side. Mr. Scarpellino was the husband of the late Rebecca Ann (Wilmington) Scarpellino. He was born in Brooklyn, NY, the son of the late Salvatore and Margaret (Savastano) Scarpellino. Mr. Scarpellino lived in Marion, MA for 21 years. A jazz enthusiast, “Bebop” excelled at the trumpet and piano, writing songs and a novel, sailing, and watching basketball and baseball. He was Director of Basic Sciences and Chief Scientist of the General Foods Corporation, consulted for Givaudan, and held numerous patents dealing with food and flavor chemistry. He received his BA from Brooklyn College and a PhD in Food Science from Cornell University. He served for three years in the US Coast Guard during the Korean War. He is survived by his daughter Susan (Scarpellino) Saidenberg of Rexford, NY, his brother Ralph Scarpellino, Sr. of Manalapan, N.J., and his four grandchildren: Lucia Saidenberg, Emma Saidenberg, Julia Arp and Ryan Arp. He was the father of the late Rebecca (Scarpellino) Arp and Richard Scarpellino Jr., and the brother of the late Elizabeth (Scarpellino) Nawracaj.
Funeral services and burial will be private. To leave a message of condolence for the family please visit www.warehamvillagefuneralhome.com
ATLANTA (AP) — The Latest on the threat of severe weather across the Southeast (all times local):
4:35 p.m.
State officials are warning residents in northern Alabama to brace for severe weather Monday evening.
State meteorologist Jim Stefkovich said at an afternoon news conference that the "potential for strong to violent, long-track tornadoes is a real possibility."
Advertisement
Stefkovich says storms moving into north Alabama will reach the Interstate 20 and Interstate 59 corridor between 7 and 10 p.m. and exit the state south of Interstate 85 and east of Interstate 65 between midnight and 2 a.m. Warnings could extend south to Dothan overnight.
Gov. Kay Ivey urged Alabama residents to implement safety plans and get in a safe location.
Alabama Emergency Management Executive Operations Officer Jeff Smitherman raised the threat level and increased staffing at Alabama's emergency management agency. This is the first severe weather to hit the state this year.
___
4:15 p.m.
Forecasters say a late winter storm is expected to bring significant snowfall to parts of West Virginia this week.
The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning or watch for more than half of West Virginia's 55 counties beginning early Tuesday. Snowfall in amounts of 6 inches (15 centimeters) or more are possible.
Some parts of the state are expected to receive a mix of rain, sleet and snow before changing to heavy, wet snow Tuesday night. The weather service says power outages could occur where the heaviest amounts fall.
___
3:55 p.m.
The National Weather Service has issued a tornado watch for parts of three Southeastern states and says the region faces a particularly dangerous situation.
The watch covers all of north Alabama including the cities of Birmingham and Huntsville, plus smaller areas in northeastern Mississippi and southern Tennessee. It expires at 11 p.m. CDT.
Forecasters say the storm threat is unusually dangerous because of the possibility of several tornadoes, some of which could be intense. The weather service says hail as large as 3 inches (7 centimeters) in diameter could fall, and there's a possibility of wind gusts to 70 mph (110 kph).
Forecasters already have reported hail in Mississippi, and they issued a tornado warning for a section of northwestern Alabama.
Temperatures will turn cooler Tuesday after a cold front passes.
___
1:15 p.m.
A strong thunderstorm has begun dropping hail in northern Mississippi as the Southeast braces for a round of storms that threaten to bring strong tornadoes.
In Mississippi on Monday, the National Weather Service reports hail near Ripley, while radar indicates hail fell along a 50-mile (80-kilometer) path from Holly Springs to Booneville. The storm has tracked all the way across the state from west to east, decreasing in severity as it nears Alabama.
Pictures posted to social media showed as many as several inches of pea-sized hail in some places.
Twenty-nine million people face a threat of severe storms that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
___
11:20 a.m.
Forecasters say there's increasing confidence that strong tornadoes could rumble across parts of the South — especially northern Alabama.
In a mid-morning update Monday, the national Storm Prediction Center said the risk appeared increasingly likely for "several tornadic supercells" to traverse northern parts of Alabama.
The region is in the bulls-eye of a larger area under threat of severe weather Monday afternoon that also included parts of Tennessee, Mississippi and Georgia.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
___
8:20 a.m.
Schools are closing early in the southeastern United States because of the threat of severe weather including tornadoes.
More than a dozen school systems in northern Alabama announced they're dismissing students early Monday because of a line of storms forecasters say will move through the area. Scattered early-closings extend into central Tennessee.
Other school systems say they're monitoring conditions and could release students early if conditions warrant. Birmingham city offices are closing at noon because of the threat.
The National Weather Service says thunderstorms will develop ahead of an approaching storm system. They say tornadoes, damaging winds and hail as large as tennis balls are all possible.
___
7:15 a.m.
Twenty-nine million people faced a threat of severe storms Monday that could bring damaging hail, high wind and even tornadoes to the southeastern United States.
The national Storm Prediction Center said large parts of Alabama, Georgia and Tennessee and a small portion of northeast Mississippi would be under a tornado threat Monday afternoon and Monday evening. Forecasters said enhanced risk of severe storms covers Nashville and Chattanooga in Tennessee; and Birmingham, Huntsville and Tuscaloosa in Alabama.
In Alabama, tornadoes, hail the size of tennis balls and 70 mph (110 kph) winds were most likely to occur in parts of central and northern Alabama, including all metro Birmingham.
In Georgia, the highest risk of tornadoes will be in northwest Georgia, including Dalton, Rome and Cartersville.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
South Africa great Bryan Habana is to retire at the end of the season after being unable to force his way back into the Toulon team.
Habana underwent surgery to repair a long-standing knee injury last year but since recovering has found his path back into the starting XV blocked by the likes of Chris Ashton and Josua Tuisova.
The 34-year-old will retire as the Springboks' leading try-scorer with 67 and three short of Victor Matfield's record of 127 for caps won by a South African.
He was a World Cup winner in 2007 and was also named the world's best player in the same year.
“The inevitable moment has come knocking on my door and I've welcomed it in for a drink..” he said on Instagram.
“It's been more than a year of hoping, trying, pushing and willing to get back on the field for one last time, to taste the sweet victory or encounter that gut-wrenching despair.
“To hear the roar of the crowd or grab the pill out of the air. To make that last bone crunching tackle or score that last game winning try. But it's unfortunately just not to be.
“I, like most, would have liked my career to have ended differently, but sometimes things don't turn out quite the way we hope for.
“So at the end of this season, it's time to say goodbye and thank you to the game I so dearly love..”
Habana's last Test appearance was in 2016, when he was also vice-captain, but South Africa's decision to rely less on overseas-based players undermined his hope of adding to his 124 caps.
He made his debut at Twickenham in 2004 and developed into one of the sport's most lethal finishers, his electric pace and eye for an intercept making him a deadly opponent.
In this file photo taken March 8, 2018, Missouri's Michael Porter Jr. pulls down a rebound during the second half of a game against Georgia in the SEC tournament in St. Louis. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File)
The Mavericks have the No. 5 pick in the NBA draft on June 21 and should have plenty of options of players to select.
As the draft approaches, we're going to look back at some of the highlights of the top prospects that could be in play for the Mavs with the fifth pick.
Today we look at Missouri forward Michael Porter Jr.
Here's a breakdown of Porter from SportsDay's Eddie Sefko:
"It's all about his credentials from high school and the fact that he was the No. 1 overall recruit in the country as a senior. His freshman season at Mizzou basically was wiped out after back surgery -- Porter logged two minutes in the season opener and returned for the Tigers' SEC and NCAA tournament games (two losses). Scouts have virtually nothing to go on from the college level. But his combination of size, quickness, shooting and athleticism make him a guaranteed high pick. If he'd been able to come straight out of high school to the NBA, he might have been No. 1 overall last summer. He is a drop-dead free-throw shooter and got to the line a lot as a high schooler. He also can knock in the 3-point shot. No real weaknesses anywhere in his game."
Now let's take a look at some of the best highlights from Porter's career so far.
This is a tricky case because all we have to go off is Porter's high school highlights and footage of him in non-game situations. He missed nearly the entire season after undergoing back surgery.
Still, there's no denying his ability to shoot the ball.
By Steve Hepburn
The Wallabies have become the latest visiting team to spurn the delights of Dunedin - instead deciding to do the bulk of their build-up for next week's Bledisloe Cup test at a golf course about 360km north of the Octagon.
The opening Bledisloe Cup test is set for Sydney on Saturday night, and the second clash between the sides is at Forsyth Barr Stadium the following Saturday.
The All Blacks will travel to Dunedin this Sunday but will not leave Sydney until late afternoon and not arrive in the South until 11.30pm on Sunday.
Advertisement
But that is still well before the Australians who will not arrive in Dunedin until late on Thursday night.
The Wallabies will head across the Tasman on Monday but, instead of coming straight to Dunedin, have opted to stay at the Clearwater Resort in Christchurch.
The resort is home to a championship golf course but also has other facilities including a gym and nearby playing fields.
It is also close to Christchurch Airport.
The Wallabies will spend three days at the resort before heading to Dunedin late on Thursday, arriving in the South just after 6pm.
They will have one captain's run at the covered stadium on Friday before the game on Saturday.
The side will then leave Dunedin before lunch the next day so will be in the city for not even three days.
The Wallabies are just mirroring what is becoming an increasing trend for overseas sides coming to Dunedin - training elsewhere before heading to the city a day or two before the game kicks off.
When the Wallabies played in Dunedin in 2013, the team stayed in Queenstown for two days before bussing to Dunedin on the Friday, the day before the game.
The Wallabies were beaten 41-33 in that test
Last year, Wales stayed in Wellington for a week, not coming to Dunedin until the Thursday before the game.
Wales coach Warren Gatland said as the side had a midweek game in Hamilton before the test in Wellington it had not had a long time together so opted to stay and train together for longer in Wellington.
Wales ended up being thrashed by the All Blacks 46-6 under the roof.
Before that, teams such as the Springboks and England have stayed away from Dunedin for the week and only come to Dunedin two days before the game.
Gatland changed his mind this year and the British and Irish Lions and its large touring party of more than 80 all came to Dunedin for the match against the Highlanders.
Overseas Super Rugby sides also tend to give Dunedin the thumbs down when games are played at Forsyth Barr Stadium.
Most South African sides are here on tour so spend the bulk of their times in between games at a resort, mostly in Queenstown and arriving in Dunedin a day before the game.
This year the Stormers bucked the trend and spent the bulk of the week before the game under the roof in Dunedin.
It did not help though as the Cape Town-based side was well beaten 57-14 by the Highlanders.
Seattle Mariners third baseman Kyle Seager drove in the go-ahead run with a hard, two out single in the sixth inning and said this was the best he's felt at the plate recently. The Mariners beat the Rangers, 2-1, on May 28 to improve to 33-20.
Human error was behind the disappearance of money, including monthly salaries, from the accounts of Ulster Bank customers over the weekend.
While the bank has now established the cause of the issue following an “urgent investigation” it is not expected to be resolved and money is not set to return to customer accounts until Wednesday morning at the earliest.
The bank issued an updated statement on Tuesday afternoon in which it said the problems arose as a result of a mistake by a staff member.
The Monday evening error meant a computer “payment file” was not processed last night “which means that some transactions applied to some customers accounts since 20th April are temporarily not showing.”
A spokeswoman said the bank had investigated the issue “as a matter of urgency and have already taken the necessary corrective action which will see recovery actions overnight.”
The bank denied any money had disappeared and said transactions were “temporarily not showing on accounts”.
The bank has told impacted customers who found their accounts overdrawn as a result of the problems they will not be out of pocket once the issue is resolved.
And it said it will be making emergency cash of up to €500 available to customers who need it.
Ulster Bank customers began reporting issues in significant numbers on Monday and hundreds of complaints were posted across social media networks from people who have had money apparently disappear from their accounts leaving them without the funds to pay direct debits which were due.
In others instances customers had their Ulster Bank credit and debit cards declined when making purchases.
“What's going on with your banking system again? Transfers done now reversed. Card payments done now missing. Balance available is all over the place,” said one Twitter user.
Another asked what the bank was doing about the money disappearing from current accounts? “My April salary was paid last Friday but today it has disappeared,” he said.
“I have just had my card declined. I am getting no answer on the phone, every penny gone from both accounts. Ulster bank did not reach out to customers, I have direct debits due today and no money at all...as soon as this is sorted I am changing banks.”
At the end of March Ulster Bank also reported delays in payments being processed.
And a massive technical meltdown at Ulster Bank in 2012 left huge numbers of its customers without access to funds for weeks and led to the Central Bank imposing a fine on the bank of €5million for the IT failure.
Ulster Bank has stressed the most recent problem was not an IT failure and had no connection to the 2012 system issue.
Describing it as a “disgraceful situation” Sinn Féin's finance spokesman Pearse Doherty called for the bank to appear before the Oireachtas Finance Committee while it was described as a “cause of serious concern” by Fianna Fail finance spokesman Michael McGrath.
He called for the Central Bank to “conduct a comprehensive review of the IT systems used by retail banks in Ireland”.
“It is very distressing for Ulster Bank customers to discover that money has gone missing from their bank account or that they may have had debit card transactions declined. In some cases, customers may well have missed vital payments as a result of the bank's failure,” he said.
“Ulster Bank now needs to put its customers first. The bank's immediate focus must be on fixing this problem and ensure that affected customers will not have their credit rating adversely affected in any way.”
One in four Irish companies say that the impact of the UK's impending exit from the European Union is their biggest fear for 2017, according to a survey by Dublin Chamber of Commerce.
“It is hard to quantify the full effect that Brexit will have on the Irish economy, but the survey shows that businesses are still concerned about the potential for serious negative impact if the process is not managed correctly,” Dublin Chamber CEO, Mary Rose Burke said. “Given the close economic ties between Ireland and Britain – with over € 1 billion worth of goods and services traded between the two territories every week - it is vital that our trading links with the UK are protected, even as we maintain our strong commitment to Europe,” she added.
The survey, carried out in early December, found that one in four companies see Brexit as their number one concern when looking ahead to the coming 12 months. Labour costs were the next biggest concern, with one in six firms citing them as their biggest worry for the year ahead. A similar number (15%) cited skills shortages as the biggest threat to their business in 2017, while political uncertainty in Ireland was also identified as a concern.
When asked about the trading outlook for the year ahead, two out of fove companies (41%) said they are more optimistic about the prospects for their business in 2017 than they were 12 months ago, although 31 per cent said they are less optimistic, with 28 per cent saying that their outlook is unchanged from this time last year.
Around half of companies surveyed (49%) said they expect to increase staff headcount in 2016. A further 42% say that their staff levels will remain the same, with less than one in 10 firms (9%) indicating that they expect to reduce employee numbers.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The prospect of job creation is very encouraging given the amount of political uncertainty we see both abroad and at home. However, the overall feeling amongst firms going into the year ahead is one of cautious optimism. This is unsurprising given the number of concerns being flagged by companies. The survey results offer a window into the areas which must be addressed by Government and decision makers in 2017 if businesses are to be able to prosper, grow and create jobs,” Ms Burke said.
In terms of profitability, 44 per cent of firms says that they expect to be more profitable in 2017 than they were in 2016. Just over one third (37%) said they expect profitability to remain the same.
4 July 2018 – Paulo Barroso is offering the one of a kind opportunity to become part of the amazing Four Percent Challenge and to embark on a journey of becoming the most successful marketer or entrepreneur on the market.
One way or the other, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of different marketers as well as entrepreneurs, who are doing their very best in order to succeed and make the most from their careers within the very least amount of time possible. Which is, of course, a whole lot easier said than done. Hence, you are going to need guidance that will allow you to make the most from yourself indeed.
With that said, this is where Paulo Barroso and the Four Percent system are going to prove to be invaluable to you in many more ways than one. The Challenge program is going to allow you to master everything that is best about yourself as well as your professional skills and expertise within the very least amount of time possible. And, surely, you are going to be wondering why is it that you will need namely the given program and not something else? Well, Paulo Barroso used to fail as a marketer and an entrepreneur, up until he figures out what works and learned from the best, striving to come up with the one of a kind solution, which helped him succeed within the very least amount of time possible. The Four Percent Challenge is a set of rules and guidelines that you will need to follow in order to make sure that you are going to reach the results you have always dreamed about and without having to invest a small fortune into the process too. Which is all that one could possibly wish for.
The challenge actually works and all you have to do is give it a go on your own in order to make an educated decision in line with the reached results. The system is pretty straightforward and does not require any particular skills or expertise, allowing even the beginners to delve right into it.
About Paulo Barroso:
Paulo Barroso is a successful entrepreneur and a great marketer, offering the most invaluable assistance in helping you become the best one out there. His methods are very lucrative and, if you are interested in learning more about it, feel free to check out the official homepage asap.
Contact:
Company Name: Paulo Barroso
Website: https://paulobarroso.com
By Teresa Ristow
The next Steamboat Springs Middle School principal should have no trouble finding her way around campus.
Heidi Chapman-Hoy has worked at the school for more than 16 years, first as a teacher and for the last 3 1/2 years as assistant principal.
She was selected this week to fill the role of principal beginning with the 2017-18 school year. She will replace outgoing principal Jerry Buelter, who is retiring at the end of this school …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
WINNIPEG — Connor Hellebuyck appreciates his Winnipeg teammates sacrificing their bodies to help him look good.
Hellebuyck made 25 saves for his fifth shutout of the season as the Jets blanked the Colorado Avalanche 3-0 on Saturday.
“They're bringing it every night and you can tell,” Hellebuyck said. “Guys are getting a little banged up, that means they're blocking shots and doing the right things. My hat is off to my teammates.”
Patrik Laine scored his team-leading 24th goal, rookie Jack Roslovic was credited with his second and Nikolaj Ehlers put his 20th into an empty net for the Jets (31-13-9).
Blake Wheeler added a pair of assists as Winnipeg extended its point streak to seven games (5-0-2). It was the third game of a season-high, 10-game homestand (2-0-1).
Semyon Varlamov was back in net for Colorado. He missed 10 games in total with an injury and backed up Jonathan Bernier in the Avalanche's overtime win in Edmonton on Thursday.
The veteran netminder stopped 29 shots as the Avalanche (28-19-4) wrapped up a season-long, six-game road trip with the loss (2-3-1).
“It was great to see him back in the net and he was our best player tonight,” Colorado coach Jared Bednar said.
Winnipeg led 1-0 after the first period and kept that edge until a Wheeler shot bounced off Roslovic and went up and over Varlamov into the net at 5:17 of the third.
Laine scored 2:27 into the opening period on a play that's become familiar to Winnipeg fans. Wheeler threaded a pass through defenders across the front of the net to Laine on the left and he one-timed his 13th power-play marker past Varlamov on his blocker side.
Winnipeg lost veteran forward Matt Hendricks to an upper-body injury early in the first. Coach Paul Maurice said later it didn't look significant.
“In that we lost Matt so early and you get to a shorter bench and a kind of grinding game, we handled it pretty darn well,” Maurice said.
The Jets had three shots hit the post in the scoreless second period, while the Avalanche had a 2-on-0 while shorthanded. Matt Nieto and Gabriel Bourque went in alone on Hellebuyck, but Bourque's high shot missed the net.
Hellebuyck had his tongue planted firmly in his cheek when asked about the duo bearing down on him.
“I think I might have intimidated (Bourque) a little bit,” he said with a grin.
Nieto described Hellebuyck as a big goalie who takes up a lot of the net.
“If he sees the puck he's going to save it,” Nieto said. “We just had to get guys in front of him and get more second and third chances.”
Bednar said his players looked good for the first half of the game.
“I thought the final 30 minutes of the game our execution was poor,” he said. “We were passing into skates and turning the puck over and that led to them creating a bunch of good scoring chances in the second period. Eventually they took over the game.”
The Avalanche had a power play with 4:43 left in the third when Jets centre Bryan Little was called for hooking, but Hellebuyck made a couple of stops, a few shots were blocked and Ehlers scored into the empty net with 18 seconds left.
Winnipeg hosts Arizona on Tuesday. Colorado heads home to take on San Jose the same day.
A leading neo-Nazi website is losing its internet domain host after its publisher posted an article mocking the woman who was killed in a deadly attack at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.
GoDaddy tweeted late Sunday night that it has given The Daily Stormer 24 hours to move its domain to another provider because the site has violated the Scottsdale, Arizona-based company's terms of service.
GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race said the move was prompted by a post on the site about Heather Heyer, who was killed Saturday when a man plowed his car into a group of demonstrators in Charlottesville. The post called her "fat" and "childless" and said "most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness."
"Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service," Race said in an emailed statement.
Shortly after GoDaddy tweeted its decision, the site posted an article claiming it had been hacked and would be shut down. But one of The Daily Stormer's contributors said that post was just a prank.
"We're a convivial publication. We have a lot of fun with it," said Andrew Auernheimer, a notorious hacker and internet troll who writes for the site.
Andrew Anglin, the website's publisher and author of Sunday's post about Heyer, said he couldn't immediately comment Monday on GoDaddy's move.
"I don't have time to talk, we're trying to regain control of the site," he said in an email to The Associated Press.
Auernheimer, known online as "weev," said GoDaddy hadn't contacted The Daily Stormer to explain its decision. He said the site has an alternate domain name that it can use if GoDaddy cancels its service.
"We'll get it taken care of," Auernheimer said. "If we need a new domain, we'll get a new domain."
GoDaddy isn't The Daily Stormer's host, which means the site's content isn't on the company's servers, according to Race. "Only the domain is with GoDaddy," Race added.
Anglin's site takes its name from Der Stürmer, a newspaper that published Nazi propaganda. The site includes sections called "Jewish Problem" and "Race War."
The Daily Stormer is infamous for orchestrating internet harassment campaigns carried out by its "Troll Army" of readers. Its targets have included prominent journalists, a Jewish woman who was running for a California congressional seat and Alex Jones, a radio host and conspiracy theorist whom Anglin derided as a "Zionist Millionaire."
In April, a Montana woman sued Anglin after her family became the target of another Daily Stormer trolling campaign. Tanya Gersh's suit claims anonymous internet trolls bombarded Gersh's family with hateful and threatening messages after Anglin published their personal information in a post accusing her and other Jewish residents of Whitefish, Montana, of engaging in an "extortion racket" against the mother of white nationalist Richard Spencer
The Daily Stormer used a crowdfunding website, WeSearchr, to raise more than $152,000 in donations from nearly 2,000 contributors to help pay for Anglin's legal expenses.
Other internet services have taken similar action against The Daily Stormer since Anglin founded it in 2013. In 2015, Anglin said PayPal had permanently banned him from using the service. And he complained in January that a Ukrainian advertising company had banned them, leaving an Australian electrician as the site's only advertiser.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lady Gaga has cancelled the last 10 dates of the European leg of her world tour tour because of “severe pain."
Two shows at London's O2 Arena and a concert at Manchester Arena are among those axed by the pop star who suffers from fibromyalgia, a long-term condition which can cause pain all over the body.
The US star revealed she decided to axe the remaining dates on Friday night with support from her medical team.
Lady Gaga performed at the Arena Birmingham on Wednesday and the Genting Arena on Thursday to rave reviews.
She was due to perform at at her first London gig tomorrow. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, she said: “I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
“My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
“I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this beyond my control. London, Manchester, Zurich, Koln, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris, Berlin. And Rio.
“I promise I will be back in your city, but for now, I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you forever, XX Gaga.”
Another statement released on Twitter read: “Unfortunately, Lady Gaga is suffering from severe pain that has materially impacted her ability to perform alivge.
“As a result, Live Nation and Lady Gaga are announcing the cancellation of the final 10 dates of the European leg of her Joanne World Tour.
“Last night, with strong support from her medical team, Lady Gaga made the tough decision to immediately come off the road.
“She is extremely sorry and deeply saddened that she cannot perform for her European fans, who have waited so patiently.”
The European leg of the tour - named after her fifth album Joanne which was influenced by the death of her aunt Joanne Stefani Germanotta - was rescheduled for 2018.
She had been due to perform for two nights in Birmingham last October but postponed all her dates after being taken to hospital with severe pain in September.
An official statement released at the time said: "Lady Gaga is suffering from severe physical pain that has impacted her ability to perform.
"Lady Gaga is devastated that she has to wait to perform for her European fans. She wants to give her fans the best version of the show she built for them when the tour resumes.
"Lady Gaga sends her love to all her fans across Europe and thanks them for their support and understanding."
English to German Translation Services
Language Consultancy Services is an ultimate destination for individuals or organizations who look for supreme quality translation services from English to German.
We have right expertise and skills to provide you with the accurate and highest quality of translation services, irrespective of your translation needs. At LCS®, our experts deliver grammatically and syntactically correct sennces that convey the same meaning as original sentences.
Whether it is translating business e-mails or website content or a book of hundred pages from English to German, only an industry expert can translate it effectively. Respectively, the same goes with the effective translation of educational books, magazines, manuals, newsletters, brochures, business letters, resumes, applications, games or a personal letter. With a noticeable experience in translation industry, we translate every type of documents, like legal, marketing, technical and worker handbooks.
Our dedicated translation team works with professionals who come from varied sectors such as Government, IT, manufacturing, financial and legal. The team at LCS® consists of native speakers to assure the required accuracy and quality in the translated documents.
Superior and affordable German Translation Services from LCS® are delivered at committed time, assuring your company a fast turnaround, even on lengthy documents with short deadlines. We have a special criterion for testing our translators and it is only after the quality check that we ensure our clientele to deliver translation services at committed time.
Our document translation experts also translate documents including birth and death certificates, marriage certificates, divorce decrees, diplomas, and transcripts. Editors and software engineers at LCS® specializes in localizing any type of product or web site including static HTML website or an advanced Java/PHP/Perl driven website.
Language Consultancy Services also provides German interpretation, voice-overs, transcriptions and Subtitling Services.
Contact Us:-
Nitish Kumar
Language Consultancy Services Pvt. Ltd.
Tel: +91-11-4604 0261
Mob: +91 9810054060
Email: info@languageconsultancyservices.com
Website: www.languageconsultancyservices.com
2 pounds 16/20 per pound shrimp, head and peels removed and reserved
2 tablespoons plus 3 tablespoons olive oil
¼ cup AP flour
2 cups okra, sliced into 1/3 thick rounds
6 ounces smoked andouille sausage, ½-inch diced
4 garlic cloves, minced
1 yellow onion, diced small (about 1½ cups)
½ cup celery, diced small
1 red bell pepper, diced small
1 green bell pepper, diced small
4 tablespoons tomato paste
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon paprika
½ tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped fine
½ teaspoon rosemary, chopped fine
heavy pinch cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon hot sauce
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
1 (14 ounces) can whole tomatoes, drained, liquid reserved, chopped fine
½ pound fresh lump crabmeat, picked through for shells
1 dozen shucked oysters in their liquor, optional
6 cups shrimp broth, recipe below
1 cup thinly sliced scallions, for garnish
Long grain rice cooked according to package instructions, for serving
fresh parsley, chopped fine, for garnish
In a large sauté pan over medium heat, add 2 tablespoons of oil, the okra, sausage and ¼ teaspoon salt. Sauté 10 minutes until golden brown and set aside.
In a large saucepan over high heat, add the remaining 3 tablespoons of oil and the flour, reduce to medium heat and cook, stirring vigorously, for 10 minutes or until the roux is dark brown and nutty.
Add the onion, celery, bell peppers and cook until they soften. Add the garlic and cook 2 more minutes. Stir in the tomato paste and cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes. Add the bay leaves, paprika, thyme, rosemary, cayenne, hot sauce and Worcestershire. Stir in the canned tomatoes and ¼ cup of their liquid. Add the shrimp stock, sausage and okra. Bring to a boil over high heat, reduce to medium low and simmer 30 minutes.
Stir in the shrimp, crab, oysters (if using) and season to taste with salt and pepper, if needed.
Top with parsley and scallions. Serve with rice.
Shrimp broth
1 tablespoon olive oil
scallion and shallot scraps
reserved shrimp heads and shells
8 cups water
Heat the olive oil over medium heat in a medium pot. Add the shallot/scallion scraps and the shrimp heads and shells.
Sauté for 2-3 minutes until the vegetables are fragrant and softened and the shrimp heads/shells and bright pink. Add the water, bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer and cook for 30 minutes or until reduced ¼ of the way down. Strain the broth, discarding the shrimp and vegetables.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
(WSVN) - The American Automobile Association is reminding drivers not to drive home impaired over Independence Day. Drivers in Florida, Georgia and Tennessee can take advantage of the Tow-to-Go program, sometimes called “Tipsy Tow.”
AAA will take the driver and their vehicle to a safe location within a 10-mile radius if the driver believes he or she is too impaired to drive. The service will be available from Tuesday, May 3 through 6 a.m. Thursday, May 5.
The company said the towing service is free for anyone, not just AAA members. However, they said it should be used as a last resort.
There are also alternatives to the AAA Tow-To-Go program: Drivers can select a designated driver for the day, ask a sober friend or family member to pick them up or use an Uber, Lyft or taxi.
In 2014, there were 9,967 fatalities in crashes involving a driver with a BAC of .08 or higher, accounting for 31 percent of total traffic fatalities for the year, according to AAA.
For more information on the Tow-to-Go program, visit AAA's website, or call (855) 286-9246.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Russian authorities have sent a new extradition request to Greece for a Russian cybercrime suspect also sought on criminal charges by the U.S. and France.
Alexander Vinnik, 38, a former bitcoin platform operator, was informed of the new Russian request by Thessaloniki court officials Wednesday, and is not contesting it.
Russia initially sought Vinnik on lesser fraud charges. The new request raises the amount allegedly involved to 750 million rubles ($12 million).
Greece's supreme court has already approved Vinnik's extradition to the United States for allegedly laundering billions of dollars using the virtual currency. Vinnik had fought that decision.
Advertisement
Another court ruled for his extradition to Russia based on the first request. France wants him on charges including cybercrime and money laundering.
Greece's justice minister will rule on the requests.
Intro
Derby County vs Huddersfield Town
Monday 17 April 2017
Watch Online – Full Match Replay
Video still processing if video still not available yet!
Screenshot: The Swords of Ditto (onebitbeyond)
The moment when I realized that I love The Swords of Ditto was when I was reincarnated as a frog.
The Swords of Ditto are a very cute PC and PS4 game about a warrior of legend that is selected to defeat the evil sorceress Mormo every 100 years. The town they're protecting varies from life to life—sometimes it's Dittoville, other times Dittocester—but in each incarnation they reclaim the mantle of the Sword of Ditto and go off on their quest of defeating Marmo in four days' time. When you die, your new character wakes up in a house a hundred years later and sets out to save the town. You retain the power level of your previous character and some collected items, so you're not restarting from square one. With each new life, the map of the town and surrounding areas changes. It's all done from a top-down perspective and involves using a sword and a torch and, well, it plays like a roguelike version of the first Legend of Zelda. There are dungeons to explore, legendary weapons to find and coins hidden in nearly every bush.
Screenshot: The Swords of Ditto (onebitbeyond)
This game is so visually adorable it almost gave me a stomach ache. It's like someone took a pitch for a very fun Cartoon Network show and made a game out of it instead. There's a springiness to every animation, and personality packed in every corner. Each time you go to a new area you meet your new monsters, like a pile of flying skulls, a mad rock or a fire-slinging wizard, each with a memorable, unique bark when you wack them with your sword. Equally unique are the designs of the characters you'll play as. I've died three or four times so far, and no two of my Swords of Ditto have looked alike. There's a huge combination of hairstyles, colors and skin tones. There are also some cool non-human character designs like, yes, this amazing frog friend that I'm now playing:
Screenshot: The Swords of Ditto (onebitbeyond)
Advertisement
It's fun enough to explore the world and re-learn the map each generation, but the real treat are the Toy Dungeons. The weapons you equip are called Toys—this is a very kid-friendly game—and you can find Toys of Legend in dungeons full of puzzle rooms. They're just challenging enough that you need to turn your brain on to finish them, but not so hard that I couldn't figure them out. Most of them involve flipping switches that change the environment of the room slightly, pressing down buttons to open doors and putting crystals in the correct place in order to keep the door open. You're doing that while avoiding some annoying enemies, which keeps you on your toes. This seems like an ideal game to play with a younger kid who's interested in playing with you, where you chat out loud about puzzle solutions or have one player keep the enemies away while the other does flip switches. It's got drop in co-op, so if you wanted to take on a dungeon with your kid, your baby-sitee, or even just a buddy, it's easy to do so.
The Swords of Ditto have a bright spirit that makes me want to spend time in its world. It's imbued with a sense of adventure. As much as I want to take on Mormo, I'm afraid I'll be sad when the game ends. With each new life and new map, I get the chance to rediscover the hamlet of Ditto again, to meet new challenges and overcome them. If I don't rise to the challenge, I'll get another chance next century. I kinda hope I get to defeat Mormo as a frog, though. It'd be a fittingly cute ending for an nigh-unbearably cute game.
/ Front page / News
Update: 3:50PM MEMBERS of the Fiji-New Zealand Business council makes substantial contribution to strengthening the relationship of the two countries and as a group, the council drives Fiji-New Zealand trade.
Minister for Industry, Trade and Tourism Faiyaz Siddiq Koya said the council strengthens the economies of each country and brings them closer together.
He made the conference at the Joint Conference of the Fiji-New Zealand and New Zealand-Fiji Business Councils today in Auckland, New Zealand.
The minister said the conference which is themed "Strong Relations - Strong Nations" was crucial in bringing together business leaders and government officials from both countries.
A wave has started to weld across the United States as many cities and states have renamed Columbus Day to "Indigenous People's Day”
As another October arrives, the debate continues in the United States about whether to continue recognizing Christopher Columbus as the “discoverer” of America.
Columbus Day remembers the landing of Christopher Columbus to the Americas on October 12, 1492.
It was unofficially celebrated in a number of cities and states as early as the 18th century but did not become a federal holiday until 1937.
It is celebrated every year on the second Monday of October.
Italian-Americans consider Columbus a symbol of progress. However, Native Americans reject the notion and condemn his atrocities towards indigenous peoples.
Many cities in the U.S. namely, Seattle, Minneapolis, Portland, Albuquerque, Tulsa and states like Alaska, Minnesota and Vermont have renamed Columbus Day to “Indigenous People's Day” to honor the Native Americans whose home was invaded in the aftermath of Columbus' arrival.
We spoke to Brian Cladoosby, president of the National Congress of American Indians, who said the U.S. doesn't teach the true history of Columbus' intent in coming to the Americas and also shed light on some of the atrocities he committed towards Native Americans.
Watch the video above to learn more about topic.
Read More Dear America, Columbus Was A Genocidal Maniac Not An Icon
Banner/Thumbnail Credit: Reuters
Injured patients or their surviving family members suing for medical malpractice can turn to Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC for experienced personal injury lawyers who will fight for just compensation.
[Oklahoma, 4/24/2018] –– Medical professionals who cause a patient's injury or death are liable for medical malpractice, which accounted for 10 percent of deaths in the country in 2017. Medical malpractice victims in Oklahoma can turn to Little Oliver, Gallagher & PLLC for just compensation against the responsible parties.
Medical Malpractice in Oklahoma
Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC's lawyers have the experience and legal knowledge to represent its clients in cases of medical malpractice. Hiring a medical malpractice lawyer allows injured patients or their family members to recover from financial damages and emotional distress.
Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC lists possible grounds for medical malpractice where medical professionals provide sub-standard service. Some of these include careless hospital staff, faulty medical devices, erroneous laboratory reports, infections from contaminated surgery, and injuries due to wrong diagnosis, treatment, and medication.
To prove medical malpractice in OK, one must prove that the practitioner failed to provide an acceptable level of care and that the patient suffered injury or death and incurred damages which were directly caused by this.
Injured patients may seek compensation for medical bills, rehabilitation, healthcare, and equipment needed at present and in the future. Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC consults with medical and financial experts to determine the cost of living with this injury.
Wrongful Deaths and Compensation
In cases where the patient dies due to medical malpractice, the law firm can help families seek compensation. While the legal action cannot bring back the deceased, it can help give the family justice and financial security.
Laws in Oklahoma regarding wrongful deaths allow families to sue for the loss of love, comfort, and, for spouses, consortium. They may also sue for the loss of financial support and medical, funeral, and burial costs.
About Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC
Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC is a law firm based in Ardmore, Oklahoma. Its partners –– Dan Little, Steve Oliver, and Scott Gallagher –– are experienced lawyers who specialize in personal injury, medical negligence, and wrongful death cases. In case of accidents, insurance companies may only focus on the financial aspect of a victim's recovery, but the firm's attorneys focus on clients' interests and just compensation.
Contact Little, Oliver & Gallagher PLLC today for legal representation.
It happens in the community, but is not often reported–area homeless out picking up trash instead of leaving it behind. Hospitality House is holding a Community Cleanup Day Thursday morning, and Executive Director Debbie McDonald says many of the guests at the Utah's Place shelter are participating..
Listen to Debbie McDonald 1
Other members of the community are also helping out, and you are invited to lend a helping hand if you are so inclined…
Listen to Debbie McDonald 2
The cleanup will end around 1pm. Nevada County is providing a dumpster, cleaning supplies, and some volunteers. The shelter is located at 1262 Sutton Way, Grass Valley.
–gf
An Australian journalist has been shot in the neck in the Philippines.
The ABC's Adam Harvey was pictured on CNN speaking on a phone while others hold bandages to a neck wound.
Harvey, 43, is believed to have been grazed by a stray bullet on his neck inside Provincial Capitol Compound, Marawi, news.com.au reports.
The wound was minor and Harvey tweeted this afternoon that he was okay.
Advertisement
Thanks everyone - I'm okay. Bullet is still in my neck, but it missed everything important. pic.twitter.com/PBYfdrTTa6 — Adam Harvey (@adharves) June 15, 2017
Harvey, who is the ABC's Jakarta correspondent, was within the compound taking photos of evacuees.
It was considered to be a safe zone and he was wearing protective gear.
Less than 24 hours before he was shot Harvey had tweeted how he came across a killing on the drive out of Marawi, which is 830km south of the capital Manila.
"Brutal times in the Philippines," he said in the tweet.
Marawi is a city that has been hit by a series of violent incidents in recent weeks between a local gang aligned with the Islamic State and Philippines security forces.
As many as 1500 civilians are trapped in the Isis-held parts of Marawi.
The Philippines military confirmed that US troops were on the ground near Marawi City but are not involved in fighting the Islamist militants.
The military had previously said the US was providing technical assistance to end the occupation.
Aurora woman accused of throwing boiling water on husband
hello
Laquita M. Redmond is accused of throwing a pot of boiling water on her husband during an argument in December.
A 36-year-old Aurora woman has been charged with throwing a pot of boiling water on her husband during an argument late last year.
Laquita M. Redmond, of the 1900 block of Elizabeth Drive, faces a felony charge of aggravated battery with a caustic substance, along with two counts of misdemeanor aggravated battery, according to Kane County court records. The charge carries a prison term of at least six years.
A Kane County grand jury returned an indictment this month, upgrading the charges from misdemeanor to a felony after the couple fought on Dec. 21, 2016.
"The initial investigation indicates that a husband and wife were having an argument and at one point the wife, Redmond, threw boiling water on her husband," Kane County Sheriff Lt. Pat Gengler said.
Paramedics took the man to Mercy Center Hospital in Aurora; Redmond was not at the home when authorities arrived, Gengler said. Deputies were not able to find her and later secured an arrest warrant, arresting her in mid-April, according to Gengler and court records.
Gengler said he could not comment on the severity of the man's burns or how long he spent hospitalized because it would violate privacy laws.
Redmond is free on bond and next due in court on July 13.
If convicted of the most severe charge, Redmond faces six to 30 years in prison with no chance of probation.
May 30 1976 The 1976 AMA 500cc National Motocross Championship opened at Moto-Masters in Mexico, New York, and Husqvarna rider Kent Howerton grabbed the win on his Eric Crippa-tuned CR360 Husky. Yamaha's rookie Bob "Hurricane" Hannah, who was actually vying for the AMA 125cc National Championship, used an off-weekend from that series to finish second via 1-2 scores. And Tony DiStefano, Suzuki's 250cc National Champ, ended up third overall. Rounding out the top five were Kawasaki's Gary Semics and Honda's Rich Eierstedt. And since sixth-place Gaylon Mosier was on a Maico, the race featured six different brands in the top six overall.
1982 Yamaha's 17-year-old wunderkind Ricky Johnson won the High Point 250 National over Honda teammates David Bailey and Donnie Hansen. It was RJ's second win to start the '82 AMA National Motocross Championship. In the 500 Class, Honda riders went 1-2 as Darrell Shultz topped Danny "Magoo" Chandler on the big bikes. Suzuki factory riders Alan King and Kent Howerton were second and third in the last year that Suzuki would officially participate in the class. Interestingly, with the 125cc Class not in action at High Point, many of the top U.S. 125cc riders spent the weekend in Canada for the Toronto Supercross in what was then called Exhibition Stadium. The podium ended up being Mark Barnett (Suzuki), Johnny O'Mara, and Jim Gibson (Honda).
And in a battle that was brewing, Yamaha's Mike Bell told Cycle News that he was planning on skipping the upcoming Trans-USA Championship in the fall, saying he already had lucrative races lined up in Australia, Japan, and Europe, and his younger teammate Rick Johnson said there just wasn't enough money to commit to racing the fading Trans-USA Championship compared to what riders could make abroad. Also, because Yamaha was cutting budget left and right—the team was using mostly production bikes in 1982—it was announced that they would no longer be using the services of riding coach Gary Bailey, which also made sense in that it was his son David who Yamaha was trying to beat! Here's a win ad for RJ at Hight Point, but not from Yamaha—they were severely cutting budget in 1982!
And this one is for Matthes: Ross "Rollerball" Pederson won the 1987 Montreal Supercross, the 11th running of this Canadian Classic. Check out the clever ad-speak below:
According to a new research report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) market is projected to reach US$50.48 billion in 2020. TMR states that the market, having a valuation of US$14.80 billion in 2013, will display an impressive 19.2% CAGR between 2014 and 2020.
The report, titled “Advanced Driver Assistance Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2020”, is available for sale on the company website.Worldwide, increasing disposable incomes are boosting demand for sophisticated automobiles, which will lead to significant growth of the automotive sector. In developed countries such as the U.S, the U.K., and Japan, increasing emphasis on safety pertaining to automobiles stands as a key factor driving the ADAS market.
In recent years, increasing importance of consumer safety and installation of ADAS in low-cost cars is also aiding the growth of this market. With the rising geriatric population worldwide and changing family structures, there is surging demand for comfort driving that employs the latest technology.
ADAS technologies assist everyday driving tasks by reducing the demands on the driver and adding comfort, which helps enhance luxury and comfort, complementing safety with these benefits.However, production complexities and cost pressures associated with environmental factors that affect the system's performance hinder the growth of the global ADAS market, states the report.
Get A Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2914
Adaptive cruise control registered as the largest segment of the market, accounting for 18.15% of the overall market in 2013. However, the tire pressure monitoring system segment is anticipated to witness the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 21.1% from 2014 to 2020. Additionally, drastic and rapid economic reforms and mandatory legislations all over the globe will spur the growth of the market in coming years.
In 2013, North America held the largest share of the global ADAS market. This was mainly due to strict safety and environmental regulations and favorable consumer preference to own advanced vehicles with the latest technology. Consumers in the region are inclined towards owning automobiles with advanced comfort systems and equipped with features that are compliant with health and safety regulations imposed by the government.
Make An Enquiry https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=2914
The ADAS market in the U.S. and Europe has a huge potential due to mandatory implementation of certain ADAS features in the automotive sector by regulatory agencies. For instance, the advanced driver assistance system characteristics like pedestrian protection and tire pressure monitoring system will be compulsory in Russia in coming years. However, Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 20.5% from 2014 to 2020.
Increasing vehicle demand, growing purchasing power, and changing buyer preferences are attributed as the major factors propelling the ADAS market in Asia Pacific. In the rest of the world, favorable policies in countries in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa is contributing massively to the growth of the ADAS market. The report profiles some of the key participants in the global advanced driver assistance system market that are Autoliv Inc., Denso, BMW AG, Robert Bosch GmBH, Audi AG, and Continental AG.
Here's a dramatic view of the raging County Fire as seen at night from Sacramento
This drone footage was taken on June 30, 2018, from Sacramento and shows the County Fire as it burned in Yolo County. Five days later, the fire has burned 82,700 acres and is 25 percent contained.
Furious Panda Software Launches Lead Demon, a cold email marketing software for B2B Lead Generation. Businesses can use Lead Demon to consistently generate B2B leads and increase sales by sending cold emails with automated follow-ups.
The software is easy to use, create a campaign and set up a series of steps (emails) which will be sent out one after another. Import some prospects and Lead Demon will automatically prepare emails and send them out at random intervals in a human-like manner. The system limits emails to be sent only one at a time and will automatically stop sending emails to a prospect once a reply has been detected, even if the prospect replied from a different email address. Lead Demon can also be configured to stop sending emails to a prospect if they click on a link within an email or if they convert (signup on a website or make a purchase online).
Lead Demon allows for highly customizable emails. Using merge fields, it is possible for the user to personalize their outreach emails and the system will even warn the user when importing if data is missing. Lead Demon also uniquely offers click tracking without the need to use URL shorteners which will ensure better deliverability for cold email campaigns.
With Lead Demon, users are able to set up automatic email follow-ups. Each prospect can be sent up to 10 emails until they click, reply, or convert. Lead Demon automatically detects autoresponders, forwards and even replies from different email addresses. Emails are scheduled to be sent out at random times throughout the day. Users can also setup public holidays to ensure emails are not sent out to prospects on certain dates.
Lead Demon works with any email provider, meaning users can send from any email accounts including Gmail, Office 365 and any hosting providers that allow IMAP access.
For further information, please refer to the contact information below to get in touch with Lead Demon. https://www.leaddemon.io/
Contact:
Company: Lead Demon
Address: 8-9 Marino Mart, Fairview, Dublin 3, Ireland
Phone: +353 1 697 2116
Email: press@leaddemon.io
Website: https://www.leaddemon.io/
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
On any normal day, it's a view that could look like any other industrial landscape close to a city centre.
But Digbeth isn't any normal area.
And, after the recent heavy snowfalls, today wasn't an ordinary day either.
We caught the train from Moor Street Station that heads towards Stratford-upon-Avon and enjoyed a bird's-eye view of the heartland of Birmingham's industrial heritage turned street food and social media nerve centre in and around the Custard Factory.
Looking out of the window you could see Masshouse, Ice Skate Birmingham's Big Wheel, Millennium Point, Latif's warehouse and Rico Libre tapas house on Barn Street.
(Image: Graham Young)
And they all looked rather pristine in their white coats of snow, a much prettier alternative way of seeing the world than being stuck in the brown slush on the roads as the city council's gritting operation finally started to deliver results that had been missing on Sunday.
Further down the line you could also see Blues' St Andrew's Ground, the home of Birmingham City, the The Central Jamia Mosque Ghamkol Sharif on Golden Hillock Road and the billowing chimney of the Tyseley Incinerator.
Not to mention tens of thousands of frosted-white trees.
(Image: Graham Young)
The prettiest station on the Birmingham side of the line – and certainly in the snow – is the next stop after Hall Green.
With its homely feel of an old fashioned country village, Yardley Wood station was the perfect place to take some Christmas picture postcard scenes.
And then it was time to cross the bridge to head back to the city ready to enjoy the views all over again on the return journey.
(Image: Graham Young)
At this point it's worth noting that Yardley Wood's, solitary but good-humoured ticketmaster had certainly made a better job of clearing the snow from the paths than had been done on the steps in town at the back of the old Pavilions shopping centre.
With wedges of ice on each step leading down from the High Street end of New Street to Moor Street Queensway close to Moor Street Railway Station, you had to take your life in your hands regardless of whether you were walking up or down.
(Image: Graham Young)
Even the ramped pathway was little better - hardly an inducement for older people to think they could use public transport to enjoy a quiet day of pre-Christmas shopping in the city.
The three steps leading from Moor Street Queensway into the Selfridges side of the Bullring were also treacherous during the morning rush hour.
(Image: Graham Young)
Over on the Smallbrook Queensway side of the Birmingham New Street Station, significant efforts had been made to clear the snow from the concourse area.
Which was handy as lots of people were walking in and out of the station's doors as well as queuing for taxis outside of TK MAXX.
(Image: Graham Young)
The new steel canopy over the top of the centre had its own coating of snow on top.
And the sides did a good job of reflecting the snowy tracks of the station on the level below.
(Image: Graham Young)
Up on the High Street end of New Street, traders were getting ready for another day of action on the German Market Birmingham.
Just beyond that, the Father Christmas and reindeer figures sitting on top of the adjacent year-round souvenir stall were covered in thick snow.
(Image: Graham Young)
Across the road, the giant new Primark was still sheltering behind sheeted-scaffolding, ready to emerge in about a year's time for its expected pre-Christmas opening in 2018.
All in all, this was a wonderful Monday morning, packed with memorably unexpected scenes like the Bull statue being covered in snow at the High Street entrance to the Bullring.
(Image: Graham Young)
It wasn't the kind of day that people would want at the start of every working week.
But with children off school, few people driving and the sun coming out in mid-morning, letting the train take the strain was a pleasant way of journeying out of and back into the city.
(Image: Graham Young)
Railways are certainly a good way of trying to cope with adverse weather.
And a welcome reminder that the city council and other authorities really need to get their skates on to open up some other lines in Birmingham.
While local roads have become ever more jam-packed at all times of the day, it seems madness that the line through Moseley and Kings Heath, for example, has remained closed to local public travel for decades.
Perhaps if it snowed more often, there'd be an even greater clamour to reopen them sooner.
(Image: Graham Young)
And then even more people could go to the centre of Birmingham to enjoy its shops, bars and restaurants in all kinds of weather.
Assuming, of course, someone had gritted the key steps and pavements at the first opportunity.
—
A ONE Nation candidate says gay people are promoting marriage equality using mind control techniques developed by Nazis and communists.
Michelle Meyers, the party's candidate for Bateman in WA, made the outrageous claims on Facebook.
“Are you wondering why even some Christians are being swayed by the gender industry's pitch and push for same-sex ‘marriage' and acceptance of fake families?” she posted late last year.
“It's not by accident, it's a carefully contrived but disingenuous mind control program.”
Meyers, who has previously been a candidate for the Australian Christians, went on to describe the mind control program. She claimed it was developed by two unnamed gay Norwegians and based on Nazi and communist mind control techniques.
She referred to gay people as “unnatural, unproductive and unhealthy” and said the rainbow has become a symbol of a “sexually corrupt and morally bankrupt society”.
The revelation of Meyers' comments follows several other homophobic remarks by One Nation candidates in recent months.
In January, Senator Pauline Hanson backed Glasshouse candidate Tracey Bell-Henselin after her comments that the LGBTI community was “out to destroy families”. The week prior, the party dumped Bundamba candidate Shan Ju Lin for similar online homophobic comments.
Meyers is the latest of several controversial One Nation candidates in WA.
David Archibald, candidate for Pilbara, was revealed to have written a column in 2015 criticising single mothers as “lazy”. Rozane Bezuidenhout, candidate for Cannington, used Facebook to call for a return to white rule in South Africa. Ross Slater, candidate for Murray-Wellington, said online that marriage equality would lead to “multitudinous marriage and sibling marriage”, while claiming that countries with same-sex marriage consider heterosexuality “abnormal”.
All candidates are still endorsed by One Nation.
Shenzhen, Guangdong, China; 11, December 2017: A fan always loves to follow the style of his/her favorite star. Justin Bieber is a youth icon with an enormous fan following all across the world. For all Justin's fans, bieber-clothing.com is a one-stop destination to purchase authentic Justin Bieber merchandise at reduced prices.
The online store brings an exciting collection of Justin Bieber clothing that includes a variety of products, such as shirts, hoodies, jackets and lots more. Available in adorable styles, these clothes precisely replicate the clothing style of this world famous pop star. One can choose from a wide range of clothes, featuring different colors and styles. According to the spokesperson of the company, some of these products are available at striking 50% discounts or even more. Anyone, who wants to showcase a hip-hop style to impress others, can find a wide variety of clothes on bieber-clothing.com.
The spokesperson revealed that they have recently updated their store with new Justin Bieber shirts. These shirts are drawing attention of the worldwide fans of Justin Bieber, and there are different styles to choose from. Made from quality materials, these shirts carry printed photos of the rock star and also tour purpose motorcycle photos. One can choose shirts in white, black, yellow and other colors and can show his love for his favorite pop star. Customers can also pick from short sleeve and long sleeve shirts and can wear them on different occasions.
Bieber-clothing.com also brings the signature purpose tour security hoodie sweatshirt that Justin has been seen wearing on his different tours. The hoodie is available at 30% discount and in different sizes. A customer can find the sweatshirt highly stylish and will love to showcase his casual looks wherever he goes. Along with this hoodie, one can also purchase a Justin Bieber ring and a purpose cap at reduced prices to complete the fashion and emulate the style of this hugely popular music sensation.
One can explore the complete range of Justin Bieber clothes available at discount prices on the website https://www.bieber-clothing.com.
About bieber-clothing.com:
Bieber-clothing.com provides Justin Bieber sweaters, hoodies, hats, pants, and various other items popularized by Justin for all his fans. All dresses and accessories are available at reasonable prices and showcase Justin's exclusive style. Made of quality material, these clothes are available in different sizes and are made for all Justin Bieber fans, irrespective of their age and physique.
For Media Contact:
Contact Person: Tyler Liu
Company: Shenzhen MiBaoSpace Technology Co., Ltd.
Email: service@bieber-clothing.com
Website: https://www.bieber-clothing.com
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke Pause
1:10 Body found in industrial park investigated as homicide
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
Mumbai, December 2017: Like every year Sahara star brings in the festival of Christmas with great zest & joy. This year the Christmas celebrations started with an age old practice of the Fruit mixing ceremony.
Christmas is here! It is time to spread smiles, exchange gifts, spread love and joy among your near and dear ones. Hotel Sahara Star with its exceptional hospitality invites you and your family to unbox a one of its kind experience with delectable food, surprise gift and live entertainment. It is time to raise a toast marking the Christmas celebrations and upcoming new year. The celebrations begin at Earth Plate – The Global cuisine restaurant, which is all decked up in the Christmas theme to treat you for a luxurious gastronomical extravaganza.
At Sahara Star Christmas celebrations has begun from the 9th of December with special Pre-Christmas Buffet. Chef Rupesh and Restaurant Manager Harish Dosad has designed an ensemble selection of seasonal treats that is sure to make this time of the year merrier include Braised red cabbage, buttered water chestnut, new potato and Brussel's sprout, which are traditionally consumed during the festival. Guests can enjoy the eve dinner with exquisite House Port Wine.
To make your visit more memorable we are hosting Christmas Tree Lighting ceremony on 11th December. We also have a special Christmas shop set up during this season starting from the 9th of December. One can buy their choice of Christmas treats that will surely lighten up this season for you.
Pre-Christmas Dinner buffet:
The Pre-Christmas buffet starts on 9th Dec and will be on till the 23rd of Dec. One can choose from a selection of Christmas preparations and traditional delicacies at just Rs. 1,800/-
Christmas EVE brunch and Dinner:
On the Christmas Eve the Earth Plate offers a traditional Christmas Eve brunch & dinner followed by an extended midnight buffet with a complementary drink. Celebration starts on the 24th December. You can indulge in to some delicious gourmet at Rs. 2,490/- AI only.
Special Christmas Lunch:
On Christmas day we are all set to serve you a hearty meal that will cheer you up. Enjoy this cozy Christmas lunch surrounded with a scenic beauty of the tropical lagoon. Let your kids rejoice in the world of Santa, while you sip on to your favorite drink at just Rs. 1,990/- AI
Terms and Conditions:
Discounts will be applicable only on Food & Soft Beverage. No complimentary vouchers to be accepted. No discount will be applicable for FHRAI & H&RA card members.
Reservation & Information on:
022 39807444
Email:info@sahara.star.com
Venue: Hotel Sahara Star
Opp. Domestic Airport,
Vile Parle (East)
Mumbai 400099
For further information please contact:
Maanali Patil : 9970651882
Sahara Star PR
About Hotel Sahara Star –
Sahara Star, the flagship hotel of Sahara India Pariwar, is one of India's most desirable destinations. The 5-star deluxe hotel strategically located near Mumbai's domestic airport magnificently blends Indian mysticism and culture, while personifying the country's progressive spirit blending peerless hospitality with ultra-modern technology. Hotel Sahara Star enthralls the world with its magnificence, an architectural phenomenon, a majestic landmark, a destination to be experienced in its entire splendor. The Hotel is a distinct yet contemporary destination which caters to the guest's requirements with state of the art amenities, services & promotions.
Creating a paradigm shift, Sahara Star showcases world largest-pillar-less- clear- to- sky dome, an architectural landmark blending hospitality and entertainment to cater one of the most individualized hospitality experiences. The grand new lobby of the hotel that firmly differentiates between construction and creation is a visual delight, an engineering marvel, a clinical fusion of design and space. Complemented by India's finest 4,000 sq ft Marine Aquarium, abode to world's only Private Dining Room inside a marine aquarium exquisite marine lives, the Hotel weaves a dining facility amidst these aquatic wonders.
The world's first ‘hemisphere' three compound-curved custom designed all glass panoramic elevators rising in the exotic 55,000 sq. ft tropical lagoon can be found nowhere else.
In an ambience steeped in rich culture and superlative luxury, Sahara Sapphire, Mumbai's largest pillar-less multi-purpose event hall, gives an opportunity for every host to announce their event to the world. Hotel Sahara Star boasts of its largest hall in the city with a floor plate of 55,000 sq.ft, an impressive ceiling height of 25ft. Besides, reigned by contemporary design, Jade Ballroom embraces a sombre play of elegance. With a capacity to host 1000 guests in its abundant space of 10,000 sq.ft. Jade's pillar-less multi-function area with a ceiling height of 18 feet is a captivating sight for every guest. With a complete makeover of its exclusive rooms – Earth, Mercury, Uranus and Neptune, Hotel Sahara Star is well appointed with 321 guestrooms inclusive of 20 luxurious suites and 8 Food & Beverage outlets. Hotel Sahara Star features an unbelievable external façade made of glass and steel.
Here, the culture, mystique & hospitality of India blends with modern facility & services to create the finest business-cum-leisure hotel of the country.
The toll of sugary drinks on the health of Pacific Island people is an issue close to the heart of 23-year-old Paul Nai.
It's a problem the University of Auckland student has devoted his studies to - and one that worsened the health of an uncle who died last year.
As part of a scholarship awarded to high-performing students, Nai is investigating something he grew up with in Auckland: the cultural factors behind Pacific Islanders' disproportionate consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages.
Pacific nations and territories have some of the highest rates of obesity and diabetes in the world - and research has demonstrated a strong link with sugary drinks.
Nai was concerned that, as an ethnic group, Pacific Islanders remained the biggest consumers of sugary drinks in New Zealand.
The 2008/2009 New Zealand Adult Nutrition Survey had suggested Pacific people living in this country were much more likely to consume soft drinks and energy drinks than other ethnic groups.
The Youth 2007 study also alarmingly found 49 per cent of Pacific youth consumed four or more soft drinks per week, compared with 39 per cent of Maori and 23 per cent of New Zealand Europeans.
"It was also one of the major reasons my uncle got diabetes and he passed away last year, so that really pushed me to pay attention to this area."
Continued below.
Related Content The sex life of one of NZ's strangest creatures Red tape delays child recovery expert's NZ trip as search for yachtie dad and daughter goes on Former All Black Mike Burgoyne passes away
The Pacific community needed to realise the negative health implications of the over-consumption of sugary drinks - something Nai said was clearly driven by market factors such as price, availability and advertising, but also cultural factors.
"I'm not setting out to blame anyone or group for the state of [sugary drink] consumption of Pacific Islanders, rather it is an opportunity to help understand their consumption behaviours."
For instance, he said, Pacific Islanders were more likely to consume soft drinks without purchasing them because of their availability in Pacific cultural practices, such as feasting on special occasions.
Nai, who is of Tongan descent, said he'd observed this often during his own family gatherings.
He has already completed a dissertation as part of a Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) Degree in Marketing, focused on the same issue, and would use his scholarship to author a paper based on his final year thesis.
Once complete, the work could be used by groups trying to improve the health of Pacific communities, he said.
"Ultimately, I'd like to be involved in public health, rather than get into the commercial realm, just so I can work with people and society."
- NZ Herald
WASHINGTON (AP) — A lawsuit against a North Carolina city for allegedly discriminating against an African-American-owned television network will go forward after the Supreme Court declined to get involved in the case.
The Supreme Court's announcement Monday that it would not get involved in the dispute leaves in place a ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit earlier this year that revived the lawsuit. A trial court had initially dismissed it.
Black Network Television claims the City of Greensboro rescinded a $300,000 economic development loan because of race. The city says race had nothing to do with it. Appeals court judges ruled 2-1 that the lawsuit had been improperly dismissed.
A security incident at San Jose International Airport on Saturday has prompted departing and arriving flights operating out of several gates to be delayed up to two hours, according to the airport.
A "security incident" at San Jose International Airport on Saturday prompted departing and arriving flights operating out of several gates to be delayed up to two hours, according to an airport spokesperson.
Transportation Security Administration agents around 3 p.m. realized that some prohibited items might have made it into the Terminal A gate area, according to airport spokesperson Rosemary Barnes. As a result, all travelers in the Terminal A area were asked to navigate through security once again for rescreening.
In addition to scanning travelers and their belongings, officials thoroughly checked other areas in the terminal to make sure no prohibited items were found, according to Barnes.
Approximately 200 passengers in total were asked to leave the terminal and go through security for a second time, according to Barnes.
Airport officials announced just after 5:30 p.m. that the terminal was back to normal operating status.
Terminal B was not impacted by the incident, Barnes said.
Travelers were encouraged to check with their airline for flight status information.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Narere arsonist Binesh Prasad is escorted to court by a police officer today for his sentencing. Picture: RAMA
Update: 3:38PM THE taxi driver charged with the death of five people in a house fire at Navosai, Narere in 2015 has been sentenced to life imprisonment by the High Court in Suva.
While sentencing Binesh Prasad this afternoon, Justice Salesi Temo said there is only one sentence for murder, and that is a mandatory life imprisonment (section 237 of the Crimes Decree 2009).
Prasad was convicted on five counts of murder, one count of attempted murder, one count of arson and one count of damaging property.
He was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder and attempted murder charges, 10 years for arson and one year for damaging property.
Justice Temo however directed that all the sentences be served concurrently to each other, that is, a final sentence of mandatory life imprisonment.
Prasad will serve 28 years in prison before a pardon may be considered by the President of the Republic of Fiji.
WASHINGTON (AP) " Senior House Democrats are extolling the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute.
Speaking to reporters Monday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi says the GOP will begin its "assault" on the law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday.
She says abolishing so-called Obamacare as Republicans have promised will force people to pay more for their health insurance while getting much less coverage than they receive through the law. She says undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare.
Pelosi is urging people to "take a second look" at how the law has improved their lives.
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer says many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved.
The professional women's group reflects on its history and its incorporation into the formerly all-male University Club
The Santa Barbara Associates, a professional women's group anchored at the downtown University Club, celebrated its 30th anniversary at a dinner event last Thursday at the Santa Barbara Club.
“We wanted a different venue for our anniversary as we always meet at the University Club,” Santa Barbara Associates President Debby Ciambrone said.
Established in 1981, the Santa Barbara Associates is a nonprofit, mutual organization whose purpose is to promote the association of business and professional women. Women of all ages and backgrounds in high-level managerial, executive or ownership positions meet to discuss business or pleasure and to establish networks beneficial to them. Membership is by invitation only and is limited to 200 members and 10 honorary members.
Lunch meetings are regularly held at the downtown University Club. Special events and trips also are scheduled.
The idea for a networking group of women in top-level professional positions was developed in 1980. Founding members included Eleanor Van Cott, Mindy Bingham and Barbara Greene. More members were recruited, and the organization became incorporated thanks to pro bono work by attorney Terry Bartlett, who reminisced how her father, the late Stan Bartlett, proudly “came in arm and arm” with her to the club. Bartlett and Van Cott both attended that evening.
Finding a place to meet downtown at lunch was a challenge. The nucleus group began negotiating with the iconic University Club at Santa Barbara and Sola streets. The males-only club offered the use of its Alumni Room once a week as a luncheon site. The arrangement proved to be successful, and the University Club amended its bylaws to accept women as full members for the first time in its history in 1983.
The women proceeded to infuse funding and energy into the conservative, formerly all-male club, which resulted in remodeling, refurbishing and improved cuisine.
“One board member told me letting in women was the best thing to ever happen to the University Club,” Van Cott waxed at the recent anniversary event.
Once the women were allowed, Van Cott described how the first feisty group added some drama and marched in dressed in pink sweatshirts that read, “A woman's place is in the University Club!” There was a period of transition, however, as at first female Santa Barbara Associates members could not use the “members only” entrance from the parking lot (which opened to the bar area). They had to use the front or back doors to enter. But time moved on with Santa Barbara Associates becoming members and taking on leadership positions in the club.
Also spotted at the dinner were SBA founding members Nancy See and Judith Kahan, as well as charter members Judy Hill, Joy Holman, Pat Jones, Vickie Mahan and others. Past presidents were also well represented with Mary Penny, Catherine Dishion, Diane Wondolowski and Denise Lockhart participating. Other members attending were Erin Graffy, Joan Brair, Ann Moore, Jane Macedo de Veer, Joanne Schoenfeld, Barbara Bartolome (who created the Memories Booklet), Shawne Mitchell, Calla Gold and Marcie Friedlander.
Michelle Jackman wrapped up the evening with humorous reflections and a champagne toast.
A meaningful tradition the SBA established in 1999 is the Woman of Distinction Award to honor the late Diana Meyers. She exemplified the professionalism and dedication to excellence and service that characterizes the Santa Barbara Associates.
— Noozhawk contributing writer Rochelle Rose can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. POLICE MAKE DIRECT APPEAL TO BOMBER
In the search for answers to a series of explosions in Austin, Texas, authorities have come ahead with a simple plea to whoever's behind the blasts: Talk to us.
2. SELF-DRIVING UBER STRIKES, KILLS PEDESTRIAN
Advertisement
The fatality in a Phoenix suburb is the first involving a fully autonomous test vehicle, prompting the ride-hailing company to suspend all road-testing of such autos in the U.S. and Canada.
3. TRUMP UNVEILS PLAN TO COMBAT OPIOIDS
The president calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including embracing a tactic employed by some of the global strongmen he admires: the death penalty.
4. DATA MINING CREATES STIR
A Trump-affiliated group, Cambridge Analytica, reportedly tried to influence elections using data, including likes, inappropriately obtained on tens of millions of Facebook users. What's not clear is how effective that was.
5. WHAT'S NEXT FOR VLADIMIR PUTIN
As the Russian leader shifts into his next six-year term, he could groom a successor, scrap term limits, or create for himself a new behind-the-scenes position of power.
6. TURKEY VOWS NO LET-UP
President Erdoğan says he intends to keep pressure on a U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish militia — and could expand Turkey's military offensive into other Kurdish-held areas across northern Syria and even into neighboring Iraq.
7. MISSISSIPPI LAW STANDS ALONE
The state's governor signs the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law, banning most abortions after 15 weeks.
8. HOW TO STAY HEALTHY WHILE FLYING
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over, researchers advise.
9. NCAA TOURNAMENT HAS NEW LOOK
Sixteen teams are now left. Top seeds Virginia and Xavier are gone. Ditto No. 2 seeds North Carolina and Cincinnati.
10. WHO'S STEPPING ONTO POLITICAL STAGE
Former "Sex and the City" star Cynthia Nixon says she's running for New York governor.
The number of people without a job in Northern Ireland has fallen to 47,000, the lowest level since before the recession, according to the latest government figures.
Labour market statistics indicate that in the three months to April the jobless rate in the North fell to 5.4 per cent – which is still higher than the average UK rate of 4.6 per cent.
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Northern Ireland also fell last month by 300 to 31,200, which represents a decrease of 6,100 people over the year to May.
The latest figures show more men than women stopped claiming jobless benefits over the year, while the area with the highest number of jobless benefits claimants in the North was in the Derry City and Strabane District Council area.
According to North's secretary of state, James Brokenshire, the latest set of figures “demonstrate continued stability in the Northern Ireland economy”.
“Almost 10,000 new jobs were created in Northern Ireland over the year, meaning more people with the security of a job and a regular pay packet for themselves and their family,” Mr Brokenshire said.
Danske Bank economist Conor Lambe said that while the statistics contained some encouraging figures, they did not tell the full story.
“It wasn't all plain sailing for the Northern Ireland labour market as the employment rate decreased over the quarter and the year,” he said.
“Economic inactivity also remains very much in the spotlight, particularly as the data indicated that the quarterly rise in the inactivity rate was the biggest since 2009. More people becoming economically inactive suggests that the local labour market continues to face some challenges,” he added.
